(lp0
S"Alcoa's Got a Balance Sheet Problem, and It Has Nothing to Do With Debt Motley Fool - 16 hours ago If you look at Alcoa Corp's  bond debt, the company appears well capitalized. And yet when pressed on returning value to investors via a dividend, the aluminum industry giant says it doesn't have plans to pay a dividend right now."
p1
aS'Better Buy: Silver Wheaton Corp. vs. Alcoa Corp Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 Silver and gold streaming company Silver Wheaton Corp  is playing out a game plan that has a history of success behind it, while aluminum giant Alcoa Corp  is really something of a new company despite the well-known name brand.'
p2
aS"China Cutbacks Do Not Make Alcoa Corp a Buy, Just Ask Teck Resources Ltd Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 The big news for Alcoa Corp  investors recently was an upgrade by Goldman Sachs. If Goldman's projects prove true, it would be massive for the aluminum maker and the global aluminum industry... But the &quot;if&quot; here is huge because it relies on&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Latest Stocks: The Analysts Set Alcoa Corp  Target Price at $33.69 Petro Global News 24 - 11 hours ago Shares of Alcoa Corp  have been assigned a consensus recommendation of Buy from the twenty-one ratings firms that are covering the firm.Berenberg Bank Upgrades Alcoa Corp  to Buy - The Cerbat GemAlcoa Corp  Lifted to Buy at Vetr Inc. - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS'Latest Stocks: Alcoa Corp.  Shares Sold by AMG Funds LLC Petro Global News 24 - 4 hours ago AMG Funds LLC cut its position in shares of Alcoa Corp.  by 93.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Goldgroup Mining  Analysts See $0.00 EPS, Amg Funds Lowered Its Alcoa (AA ... - NormanObserver.com'
p5
aS"Analyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold on Alcoa Corp  Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 Today, BMO Capital Markets reiterated its Hold rating on Alcoa Corp  with a price target of $35.00. There are 7 hold ratings, 12 buy ratings on the stock.Latest Stocks: Alcoa Corp.'s  Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Berenberg Bank - Petro Global News 24"
p6
aS"Better Buy: Alcoa Inc. vs. Hecla Mining Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 Aluminum giant Alcoa Inc.  is finally flying solo, but it's still got some work to do. Silver and gold miner Hecla Mining  has just gone through a growth spurt and is now working on paring costs while it prepares for the next leap ..."
p7
aS'Is Alcoa  Stock a Solid Choice Right Now? Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Alcoa Corp. AA. This is because this security in the Metal Products - Distribution space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a Zacks ...'
p8
aS'Analyst Activity  Morgan Stanley Raises Its Price Target On Alcoa Corp (NYSE ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Today, Morgan Stanley raised its price target on Alcoa Corp  to per share. There are 8 hold ratings, 12 buy ratings on the stock.Alcoa Corp  Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. - Chaffey BreezeMorgan Stanley Increases Alcoa Corp  Price Target to $43.00 - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS"Latest Stocks: Alcoa Corp.  Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 26, 2017 Alcoa Corp.  released its earnings results on Tuesday. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.06.Alcoa  At $32.56 Forms Top, JP Energy Partners LP 's Sentiment Is 1.36 - MoneyMakingArticles"
p10
a.