(lp0
S"Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Advance Auto Parts Benzinga - 11 hours ago On CNBC's Fast Money Halftime Report, Pete Najarian spoke about unusually high call options activity in Advance Auto Parts, Inc. . He said traders were aggressively buying the June 150 calls for around $7. Around 4,500 contracts were traded&nbsp;...Today Analysts Focus on Advance Auto Parts, Inc. , Legg Mason, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalAnalyst Activity  BTIG Research Reiterates Sell on Advance Auto Parts  - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS'Why Is Advance Auto Parts  Down 5.3% Since the Last Earnings Report? Zacks.com - Mar 24, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Advance Auto Parts Inc  . Shares have lost about 5.3% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Advance Auto Parts Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 22, 2017 - NasdaqAdvance Auto Parts, Inc.  SVP Sells $411112.70 in Stock - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS'Advance Auto Parts Inc. Is on the Right Track Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Did Advance Auto Parts Inc.  just have a good or bad quarter? The 3.1% increase in comparable-store sales, after four straight quarters of declines, certainly suggests the company is starting to generate traction with its turnaround plans.Advance Auto Parts Announces Multi-Year Partnership with the Mexican National Team - Yahoo FinanceAdvance Auto Parts announces the appointment of Jeffrey Shepherd as SVP ... - EPR Retail News '
p3
aS"Has Advance Auto Parts Inc. Turned the Corner? Motley Fool - Nov 22, 2016 Advance Auto Parts Inc.  has certainly found the integration of Carquest stores to be a much-harder job than it originally expected, but the new management team has started off by giving investors what they want.Advance Auto Parts Flies On Poor Results - Seeking AlphaAdvance Auto Parts' Turnaround Is Starting; JPMorgan Adds To Focus List - Benzinga"
p4
aS"Advance Auto Parts  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Welcome to the Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's call.Advance Auto Parts Revenue Boosted by Strong Same-Store Sales - Wall Street Journal Advance Auto Parts Needs To Put The Pedal To The Metal In 2017 - Benzinga"
p5
aS"Advance Auto Parts Inc. Tests Investors' Patience Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 No one said it was going to be easy, but even the most ardent admirers of Advance Auto Parts Inc.  must acknowledge that its ongoing integration of the Carquest and Worldpac stores (acquired in the 2014 purchase of General Parts International ...Building Homes For Heroes Receives $2.1M From Advance Auto Parts And Company's ... - AftermarketNews.com "
p6
aS'Advance Auto Parts Inc versus AutoNation Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago AutoNation Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Advance Auto Parts Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p7
aS"Is The Rally Of Advance Auto Parts Overdone? Seeking Alpha - Dec 1, 2016 ... positive same-store sales. The most prominent weakness of Advance Auto Parts is that its operating margin  is less than half of its two major competitors, AutoZone  and O'Reilly Automotive , which have an operating ...Will Advance Auto Parts Inc.  beat earning estimates again? - The Independent Republic"
p8
aS'Advance Auto Parts Revs Up for Fourth Annual Mobile Tour Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Interactions, the global leader in innovative retail solutions and experiential marketing, and Advance Auto Parts, Inc. , a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider that serves both professional installers and do-it-yourself customers, will ...94 hedge funds buy Advance Auto Parts, Inc.  for the first time - Post Analyst'
p9
aS"Advance Auto Parts'  Tom Greco on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 16, 2016 In terms of availability, we have a number of initiatives underway that test different ways of positioning our inventory, of assorting parts and of delivering parts to our customers. These tests are being conducted throughout our network. The ..."
p10
a.