(lp0
S"Apple Inc. Likely Isn't Holding Back the 10.5-inch iPad Pro Motley Fool - 16 hours ago The more innovation Apple brings to the table at a quicker pace, the better. Given that iPad unit shipments continue to be weak  and that the company is seeing some average selling price erosion (revenue was ...iPhone 8 Leak Comes Directly From Apple Inc - Tech News Inc"
p1
aS"Apple, Inc. Likely to Announce Dividend Increase Next Month Motley Fool - 10 hours ago With the company recently adopting the practice of announcing its annual dividend increase alongside its fiscal-second quarter results, Apple should announce its dividend increase for 2017 next month. Here's a close look at Apple's dividend, as well as ..."
p2
aS"Analysts Bump Up Price Targets on Apple Inc.  and Micron Technology, Inc ... Smarter Analyst - 10 hours ago Two analysts are getting increasingly bullish on Apple Inc.  and Micron Technology, Inc.  as they believe these tech giants are ready to impress.Monday's Vital Data: Micron Technology, Inc. , Apple Inc.  and Tesla ... - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"Apple Inc. Stock Hits Another Record High As Analyst Predicts $200 ValueWalk - 12 hours ago This year has been tremendously kind to Apple Inc.  stock as it sets new records almost on a weekly basis of late. Tuesday's record high was at $143.22 as the shares rose by nearly 2% following another bullish report.Apple's stock climbs to fifth record in March, 11th record this year - MarketWatchApple Stock: Next Stop, $200 by 2020? - Motley Fool"
p4
aS"Apple Inc. Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord Investorplace.com - 17 hours ago Most of the new product excitement around Apple Inc.  for 2017 is centered around the iPhone 8. With 2017 being the 10th anniversary of Apple's most critical product, that's understandable."
p5
aS"NVIDIA Corporation  Could Be Circling a Key Revenue Beat, Apple Inc.'s ... Smarter Analyst - 9 hours ago When sizing up the bullish cases for NVIDIA Corporation  and Apple Inc. , though NVIDIA is chugging down the tracks full steam ahead, are Apple's glory days starting to dim?"
p6
aS"Apple Inc.  Stock Rockets to New All-Time Highs Investorplace.com - 14 hours ago Apple Inc.  shares finished Tuesday with a new all-time closing high of $143.80, closing just off its intraday high of $144.04 to finish off a 2%-plus gain alongside the broader-market recovery.Apple Releases iOS 10.3 With 'Find My AirPods' Feature - CBS Los Angeles"
p7
aS"Report: Apple Inc. Supplier to Start Building A11 Chip in April Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company , or TSMC for short, has manufactured Apple's  A-series applications processors, which power the company's iPhone and iPad products, for several years now. Apple first started&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Apple Releases 2016 Supplier Responsibility Report ValueWalk - Mar 27, 2017 Apple Inc.  has just released its eleventh annual Supplier Responsibility Report, and the company reported progress in several areas, including UL Zero Waste to Landfill validation, use of conflict minerals, and others.Raising the bar: Apple's 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report ... - Apple Newsroom "
p9
aS"Apple: How Much 'Real' Cash? Seeking Alpha - 10 hours ago Apple  has returned to favor of late. It's up 23% year to ... This &quot;real cash&quot; in the U.S. would allow Apple more flexibility in its repurchase and dividend programs. ... My first assumption is that Apple will repatriate $220 billion of ...AAPL Stock: Is Apple Inc. Setting Up For A Massive Short Squeeze? - AmigobullsTaking a Look at the Data Behind Apple Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.