(lp0
S'Commit To Purchase Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings At $40, Earn 7% Annualized ... Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 Investors eyeing a purchase of Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.  shares, but cautious about paying the going market price of $51.25/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p1
aS'Company Stock in Focus: Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.  Rives Journal - 8 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.145941. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on ...'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Atlas Air Worldwide Q4 earnings per share $1.12 from continuing operations Reuters - Feb 23, 2017 BRIEF-Atlas Air Worldwide Q4 earnings per share $1.12 from continuing operations ... Atlas Air Worldwide - in 2017 expect our adjusted income from continuing operations, to grow by a mid-single-digit to low-double-digit percentage versus.'
p3
aS"Amazon partners with Atlas Air Worldwide for cargo services MarketWatch - May 5, 2016 Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc. said Thursday it would provide air cargo services to Amazon.com Inc., further building out the online retailer's delivery network.Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings  Enters Agreement with Amazon  To ... - StreetInsider.comAmazon, Atlas Air ink long-term aircraft leasing pact, possible financial ... - DC Velocity"
p4
aS"Atlas Air's Deal With Amazon Offers Substantial Upside Potential For Long-Term ... Seeking Alpha - May 9, 2016 Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings  is basically a holding company which owns its operating subsidiaries, Atlas Air, Inc. and Titan Aviation Holdings, Inc., and has a minority stake in a few other companies. It provides outsourced aviation&nbsp;...As Amazon Goes Into Air Delivery, Is It Time to Sell FedEx, UPS? - TheStreet.com"
p5
aS'Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings  Enters New, Five-Year Agreement with FedEx ... StreetInsider.com - Aug 24, 2016 Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.  announced that it has entered into a five-year agreement with FedEx Express to provide it with five 747-400 freighter aircraft for peak flying seasons beginning in 2017 and lasting through 2021.Atlas Air Worldwide Announces New Contract with FedEx - GlobeNewswire Atlas Air secures five-year FedEx capacity deal - ch-aviation'
p6
aS"Insider Trading Activity Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.   VP ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Keith H Mayer , VP of Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.  reportedly Sold 3,500 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 56.54 for a total transaction amount of $197,890.00 SEC Form.Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p7
aS"Is Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc's  Balance Sheet Strong Enough To ... Simply Wall St - Feb 12, 2017 Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc  with its market cap of USD $1,297 Million; however, an important fact which most ignore is: how financially healthy is the company?"
p8
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc  CML News - Mar 13, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p9
aS'Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings  to Acquire Southern Air Holdings in $110M Deal StreetInsider.com - Jan 19, 2016 Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.  said that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire privately held Southern Air Holdings, Inc., a premier provider of intercontinental and domestic air cargo services, in an immediately ...Atlas Air Worldwide to Acquire Southern Air Holdings Inc. - AviationPros.com'
p10
a.