(lp0
S'Insider Trading Activity The Advisory Board Company   Insider ... Market Exclusive - 1 hour ago On 8/20/2012 Robert W Musslewhite, CEO, sold 10,000 with an average share price of $40.39 per share and the total transaction amounting to $403,900.00.'
p1
aS'Advisory Board exploring merger with Evolent Health weeks after fending off ... Healthcare Finance News - 16 hours ago The Advisory Board, which announced earlier this year that it was exploring strategic options including the sale of part of the company, is exploring a merger with Evolent Health, according to Reuters. The merger would include all or some of The ...Advisory Board considers merging with Evolent Health - ModernHealthcare.comReport: Evolent Health weighs merger with Advisory Board - Washington Business Journal'
p2
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: The Advisory Board Company , Tenet ... The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago Presently The Advisory Board Company  stock have an ABR of 2.36. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.Latest Stocks: Northern Trust Corp Decreases Position in Advisory Board ... - Petro Global News 24The Advisory Board Company  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 27 - Equities.com"
p3
aS'Levels in Review for The Advisory Board Company  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Many investors may be looking to track stock price momentum by looking at different historical information. The Advisory Board Company  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.07020. The six month price index is simply measured by&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'The Advisory Board Company Reports Fourth Quarter And Full-Year 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 WASHINGTON, Feb. 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Advisory Board Company , a leading provider of research, technology, and consulting to health care organizations and educational institutions, today announced financial results for the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"The Advisory Board  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Thank you, Andrea, and welcome to The Advisory Board Company's quarterly conference call for the period ended December 31, 2016.Analyst Downgrades  The Advisory Board Company  Stock Gets ... - Market ExclusiveHot Stock Overview: The Advisory Board Company  - HugoPress"
p6
aS'The Advisory Board Company  And Elliott Management Reach A Standstill Journal Transcript - Mar 7, 2017 Few weeks after purchasing a significant stake in The Advisory Board Company , Elliott Management through its activist investor Paul Singer have entered into a standstill agreement with the health care company.Featured Stock Update: The Advisory Board Company  - HugoPress'
p7
aS'Shares in Focus: The Advisory Board Company  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago The Advisory Board Company  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.202153. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p8
aS'Advisory Board Company: Reducing The Cost Of Health Care &amp; Improving Patient ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 While there is likely no single grand solution, we believe that the &quot;smartest people in the room&quot; when it comes this question work at the Advisory Board Company . Indeed, when the ObamaCare insurance exchanges rolled out in such a&nbsp;...Advisory Board fights off potential board takeover - Washington Business JournalZacks Investment Research Upgrades The Advisory Board Company  to Buy - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS'Is The Advisory Board Company  Finding Support or Hitting Resistance? USA Commerce Daily - 17 hours ago With all other things going on, The Advisory Board Company  has been on a run - rising 45.12 percent in just three months.'
p10
a.