(lp0
S"Better Buy: Polaris Industries Inc. vs. Arctic Cat Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Polaris Industries Inc.  and Arctic Cat Inc  have long been rivals in the power sports market, but they've been very different experiences for investors."
p1
aS'Arctic Cat Inc  Receives $17.20 Consensus PT from Brokerages Chaffey Breeze - 8 minutes ago Arctic Cat logo Shares of Arctic Cat Inc  have received an average rating of Hold from the nine brokerages that are covering the firm.'
p2
aS'Sell-side Predictions for Arctic Cat Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 8 hours ago Zacks research also gives calculated recommendations from sell-side analysts that cover company shares. These recommendations land on a simplified scale provided by Zacks Research.'
p3
aS'Wunderlich Says Second Arctic Cat Offer Unlikely Benzinga - Feb 7, 2017 Given the significant and consistent operating losses Arctic Cat Inc  has displayed the past several years, worsening further still as we see in 3Q results, we view it unlikely that another strategic or financial buyer would be willing ...Recall Recap: Arctic Cat, Honda, six other OEMs issue recalls in January - Dealer News'
p4
aS'Textron Inc. Announces Acquisition of Arctic Cat Inc., a Leading Company in ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Going forward, Arctic Cat will operate as a subsidiary of Textron Specialized Vehicles Inc. This business, based in Augusta, Ga.Textron completes tender offer for Arctic Cat - Seeking AlphaTextron  Completes Tender Offer for Arctic Cat  - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS'Textron Inc. Commences Tender Offer for Acquisition of Arctic Cat Inc. Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2017 PROVIDENCE, R.I.----Textron Inc.  announced today it has commenced a tender offer for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock  of Arctic Cat Inc.  for $18.50 per share, payable&nbsp;...Arctic Cat Inc.  Raised to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS'Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Arctic Cat Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 25, 2017 NEW YORK, Jan. 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harwood Feffer LLP  is investigating potential claims against the board of directors of Arctic Cat Inc.   concerning the proposed acquisition of Textron&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Arctic Cat Is Very Cheap Even If It Does Not Reach Its $1 Billion Revenue ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2017 Arctic Cat's dealers have too much inventory that they must sell first before the company can introduce its new products."
p8
aS"Arctic Cat Adds $1M More To $48M Patent Win Law360  - Jan 4, 2017 U.S. District Judge Beth Bloom set the royalty for future use of Arctic Cat Inc.'s two patents for off-throttle assisted steering at $205.08, twice the rate jurors had used to come up with a $15.6 million verdict against Bombardier Recreational ..."
p9
aS'Textron Inc. Announces Acquisition of Arctic Cat American Hunter   - Mar 15, 2017 Going forward, Arctic Cat will operate as a subsidiary of Textron Specialized Vehicles Inc. The business, based in Augusta, Ga.'
p10
a.