(lp0
S'The Main Reason Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Collapsed 34% in November Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2016 Shares of Achillion Pharmaceuticals , a developmental-stage developer of small-molecule drugs to treat autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases such as hepatitis C, plummeted 34% in November, according to data from S&amp;P Global&nbsp;...Achillion Pharma  Announces Presentation of Novel Research Related to ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'Achillion Pharmaceuticals - Taking Its First Steps After HCV Seeking Alpha - Dec 25, 2016 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with drugs being developed primarily in the hepatitis C virus and complement factor pathway disease areas.'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc says files for mixed shelf of upto $250 ... Reuters - Feb 23, 2017 LONDON, March 10 Investors expect the European Central Bank to raise interest rates by March 2018, money market prices show, with some banks forecasting multiple hikes in 2018 on expectations the central bank will wind down stimulus as the European&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Why Is Achillion  Down 11.3% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ACHN. Shares have lost about 11.3% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Latest Stocks: The Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Lowered to D at ... - Petro Global News 24Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Stock Update : Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces $15 ... Smarter Analyst - Dec 28, 2016 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced that it has received a $15 million milestone payment from Janssen Research &amp; Development, LLC.Jason S. Fisherman Acquires 10000 Shares of Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc ... - Sports PerspectivesHep C treatment trial using Achillion drug attracts $15M - Hartford Business'
p5
aS'Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on March 27 ... Equities.com - Mar 27, 2017 Shares of Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.'
p6
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc Stock Volatility ... CML News - 11 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at a notable high level.'
p7
aS'Sell-side Predictions for Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 11 hours ago Covering sell-side analysts have offered target price estimates on shares of the company. Presently, the consensus target is $8.863 on the stock.'
p8
aS'Market View: Checking on the Technicals for Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc ... The Standard - 16 hours ago Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has an EV  of 177907. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.Earnings Clues on Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , Ocera Therapeutics ... - StockNewsJournalAchillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p9
aS"Option Market: Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc Risk Hits An Elevated Level CML News - Feb 28, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Achillion Pharmaceuticals ..."
p10
a.