(lp0
S"LA's Battery Wins Creative Review for Construction Giant AECOM AgencySpy - 10 hours ago Battery, the independent Hollywood agency best known for its video game campaigns, has won a review to handle global advertising for AECOM, an American multinational construction and engineering firm. The global remit follows a formal review, and this&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'AECOM Center closed temporarily due to water damage Aiken Standard - 5 hours ago The AECOM Center for Performing Arts has been temporarily closed while its stage undergoes emergency repairs. The closure has impacted the Aiken Community Playhouse and other organizations.Water damage forces AECOM Center for Performing Arts to close temporarily - WJBF-TV'
p2
aS'AECOM helps get green light for Glyn Rhonwy Environment Analyst - Mar 15, 2017 Environmental consultants from AECOM have helped Snowdonia Pumped Hydro gain a development consent order for the Glyn Rhonwy pumped storage project in Llanberis, near Snowdonia.'
p3
aS"Aecom plans $3.5bn spending spree to cash in on Trump's trillion GCR - Mar 8, 2017 US engineering giant Aecom is preparing to launch a $3.5bn acquisition spree, expecting a surge in demand for road, rail and energy projects as President Donald Trump's plan to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure takes effect.Bloomberg: AECOM plans $3.5B infrastructure spending run - Construction Dive"
p4
aS'AECOM names Paul Praylo Chief Operating Officer of its Construction Services ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AECOM, a premier, fully integrated global infrastructure firm, today announced Paul Praylo has been named Chief Operating Officer  of Construction Services , a global construction division that grew&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Future infrastructure needs to be funded by Google, Airbnb: Aecom boss The Australian Financial Review - Mar 22, 2017 City infrastructure will increasingly be funded by the revenues of new economic players such as Google or Airbnb, says AECOM's global director for cities Stephen Engblom. With traditional models relying on real estate development to fund infrastructure&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Earnings Clues on AECOM , Fortune Brands Home &amp; Security, Inc. (FBHS ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago AECOM  have shown a high EPS growth of -23.40% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 159.50% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.00 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, hold within the 3 range, sell within the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"World's Biggest Engineering Firm Plans to Spend Billions to Become Biggest in ... Bloomberg - Mar 6, 2017 AECOM Chairman and CEO Michael Burke discusses President Trump's call for $1 trillion in infrastructure spending, trade deals and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross' stress on private sector investment into infrastructure."
p8
aS'Aecom unveils Hampshire garden village scheme Building Design - Mar 7, 2017 Proposals by Aecom and Adam Architecture for one of the first new garden village settlements to have been earmarked by the government earlier this year have been submitted to planners in Hampshire.'
p9
aS'AECOM wins $25M Army Corps of Engineers environmental consulting job Washington Technology - Mar 15, 2017 The new award calls for AECOM to help the corps New England district with environmental assessments, policy, resource management, and other responsibilities.'
p10
a.