(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Overweight on Accenture Plc ... Market Exclusive - 5 hours ago Today, Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated its Overweight rating on Accenture Plc  with a price target of $135.00. There are 9 hold ratings, 15 buy ratings, 1 strong buy rating on the stock.Accenture plc Class A   Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 28 - Equities.comThe recent sell off offers an opportunity. - Seeking Alpha'
p1
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Completes Acquisition of First Annapolis, Enhancing ... The Wall Street Transcript - 18 hours ago NEW YORK; Mar. 28, 2017 - Accenture  has completed its acquisition of First Annapolis, a privately held payments consulting and advisory firm that serves a wide range of clients globally, including leading financial institutions, retailers ...'
p2
aS"Accenture's full-year profit forecast disappoints, shares fall Reuters - Mar 23, 2017 By Rishika Sadam. Consulting and outsourcing services provider Accenture Plc  slightly raised its full-year profit forecast, but the revised outlook was still largely below market expectations, sending the company's shares down as much as 4.5 ...Accenture plc'  Tops On Q2 Earnings Estimate - Yahoo FinanceAccenture Plc Follows a Solid Second-Quarter Report With Confident Guidance - Motley Fool"
p3
aS"Accenture To Acquire First Annapolis For Payments Consulting Seeking Alpha - Mar 25, 2017 First Annapolis has developed expertise and client relationships across the payments industry value chain. The deal promises to speed Accenture's practice growth in the rapidly changing payments sector, which is one of the largest sectors within the ..."
p4
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Introduces High Velocity Sourcing and Procurement ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 20, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 20, 2017 - Accenture  is launching a High Velocity Sourcing and Procurement solution to help organizations address procurement challenges and reap the benefits of excelling across multiple procurement dimensions at speed,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Accenture plc, 58.3% Follow-Through Indicator, 3.4 ... Nasdaq - Mar 23, 2017 Accenture plc  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect very active trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p6
aS'Analyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold on Accenture Plc  Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 Today, BMO Capital Markets reiterated its Hold rating on Accenture Plc  with a price target of $123.00. There are 10 hold ratings, 16 buy ratings, 1 strong buy rating on the stock.Why Accenture Plc  is falling today - FX Daily ReportAccenture plc  PT Raised to $138 at Stifel ahead of 2Q Report - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Completes Seabury Group Acquisition, Bolsters ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 10, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 10, 2017 - In a move designed to deepen its existing aviation capability, Accenture  has completed its acquisition of the corporate advisory and consulting businesses of Seabury Group, a New York-based professional services&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture and Docker Expand Relationship, Add Container ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK &amp; SAN FRANCISCO; Mar. 15, 2017 - Accenture  and Docker today announced an expanded global alliance and the availability of container services within the Accenture Cloud Factory, providing industrialized solutions for enterprises to&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Accenture  Closes Consulting Firm Seabury's Acquisition Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Within two months of entering into an agreement, Accenture Plc ACN completed the acquisition of Seabury Group - a strategy consulting firm - that mainly focuses on the aviation industry, last week."
p10
a.