(lp0
S'Acorn Growth Mulls Raising GBP18 Million To Fund Property Purchases  London South East   - 19 hours ago LONDON  - Acorn Growth PLC on Tuesday said it has signed letters of intent to purchase several properties in Germany in line with its investment strategy, prompting its shares to be suspended as the deal would be classed as a reverse&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Why has Acorn Minerals tripled? Interactive Investor - Sep 19, 2014 Wonder why Acorn Minerals'  share price is up 152% on Friday? So did we, which is why we got in touch with the company's financial advisor Shore Capital ."
p2
aS"The UK's best fund finally expands for new investors What Investment - May 10, 2013 It's tiny and, despite phenomenal growth, it's still tiny. The Acorn Income fund is by almost any measure the best in the UK, and yet for too long it's been the preserve of the cognoscenti."
p3
aS"Buying opportunity in Acorn Income, says Winterflood's Elliott FE Trustnet - Oct 3, 2014 The Acorn Income trust is attractively valued on its current discount of 13.5 per cent and its yield of 3.7 per cent, according to Simon Elliott, head of research at Winterflood, who says now is a good entry point for investors as its new managers are ..."
p4
aS'The investment trust weathering the storm for smaller companies Citywire.co.uk - Aug 24, 2014 SDV aims to provide a high income as well as capital growth. Its ordinary share asset value is up by 0.9% year to date, which is not massive but good relative to a 1.3% fall in the FTSE Small Cap ex investment companies and a 10.7% fall in the FTSE Aim&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Wales Top 300 - search our list of the largest companies in Wales over the ... WalesOnline - Dec 16, 2015 Prof Morgan added: &quot;The biggest influence on regional growth in the medium term comes from the large number of existing firms who have been in production for many years and are focused on increasing their market share.'
p6
aS"Investment Trust Watch: bag a 'Brexit' bargain Citywire.co.uk - Jun 24, 2016 Conversely, the second table of 'dearer' trusts shows trusts which have either moved from a discount to a premium, like Jupiter UK Growth ; or whose discounts have reduced, such as Majedie . It is important to bear in mind with the second&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Investment trust bargain hunter: discounts rise on income trusts yielding up to 6% Money Observer - Nov 3, 2016 Our investment trust bargain hunter series has highlighted various opportunities, including TR European Growth and Acorn Income. But there's a new discount play in town that has opened up, in the UK equity income sector. Discounts have widened in ..."
p8
aS"Bargain hunter: Discounts rise on big-yield income trusts Interactive Investor - Nov 7, 2016 Our investment trust bargain hunter series has highlighted various opportunities, including TR European Growth  and Acorn Income . But there's a new discount play in town that has opened up, in the UK equity income sector. Discounts have&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'The year ahead Investors Chronicle - Jan 13, 2017 Whilst both the Growth and Income portfolios made positive returns over 2016, both were behind their benchmarks - the second year since their inception in 2009.'
p10
a.