(lp0
S'Acura Pharmaceuticals Seeks To Raise $5 Million In Offering Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Acura Pharmaceuticals has filed to raise $5 million in a follow-on stock and warrant offering. The company is commercializing tamper-resistant medication technologies, but appears to be running out of money and time.'
p1
aS"News Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc.ACUR Wall Street Journal - Feb 13, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p2
aS'Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc : Is An Exposure Worth The Risk? Insider Financial - Feb 9, 2017 Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. started out this week at circa $0.5 a share. By mid week, it had risen to more than $1.3, and currently trades for just shy of $1.'
p3
aS'ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the research, development and commercialization of technologies and products intended to address medication abuse and misuse.'
p4
aS'Stock Update : Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Provides Development ... Smarter Analyst - Dec 14, 2016 Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  has provided the Company with advice on the continued development of its product candidate LTX-04  which utilizes the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Acura Pharmaceuticals'  CEO Bob Jones on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 15, 2016 ... to maximize this potential, future product sales, financial results and the company's strategy for near-term financing and long-term growth."
p6
aS'Essex Woodlands Health Ventures, Inc. Buys Acura Pharmaceuticals Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 The Woodlands, TX, based Investment company Essex Woodlands Health Ventures, Inc. buys Acura Pharmaceuticals during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Essex Woodlands Health Ventures,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Why Pfizer And Publix Will Ramp Up Acura Pharmaceuticals Seeking Alpha - Sep 24, 2013 One such company which has seen recent, dramatic spikes on positive news is Acura Pharmaceuticals . Just pull up a 12 month chart and you will see what I'm talking about."
p8
aS'Stocks Given Top Analysts Ratings: Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACUR ... Rives Journal - 16 hours ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00.In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Acura Pharmaceuticals ... - The De Soto EdgeZeroing in on Company Shares of Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  - Morgan Research'
p9
aS'Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Files An 8-K Announces Third Quarter ... Market Exclusive - Nov 14, 2016 Acura Pharmaceuticals is, Inc. will host a conference call on Tuesday, November 15, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET to discuss the results.'
p10
a.