(lp0
S'How Does Analog Devices, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - 14 hours ago Analog Devices, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Semiconductor - Integrated Circuits.Analog Devices, Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with the Change ... - Free ObserverAnalog Devices, Inc.  CEO Vincent Roche Sells 47400 Shares of Stock - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'The Charts Expose On Analog Devices, Inc.  Is Causing A Stir NY Stock News - 20 hours ago The technicals for Analog Devices, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p2
aS'Analog Devices  Completes Linear Technology Buyout Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc. ADI, a leading supplier of analog and DSP integrated circuits, has completed the acquisition of Linear Technology.Analog Devices Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 13 - Equities.com'
p3
aS"Analog Devices-Linear Technology expected for closure March 10 Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Analog Devices'  acquisition of Linear Technology  has cleared final regulatory conditions, with approval now secured from the Ministry of Commerce of China.Analog Devices CFO is leaving to join a VC-backed startup - Boston Business JournalAnalog Devices, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS'Can Analog Devices  Run Higher on Strong Earnings Estimate Revisions? Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc. ADI is an American multinational semiconductor company that could be an interesting play for investors.New Strong Buy Stocks for March 15th - Zacks.com'
p5
aS'Why Investors remained confident on Analog Devices, Inc. , Apache ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 21, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  have shown a high EPS growth of -0.20% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 25.50% yoy.Why Analog Devices  Could Be a Potential Winner March 17, 2017 - Zacks.com'
p6
aS"Analog Devices' Integrated, Isolated Power Controller Series Reduces Design ... Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2017 NORWOOD, Mass.----Analog Devices, Inc. , today announced a series of three isolated pulse width modulation  controllers with integrated 5 kV isolation enabled by ADI's award-winning iCoupler technology."
p7
aS'Still A Value Trap?  Dollar General Corporation , Analog Devices, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - 15 hours ago Shares of Dollar General Corporation  observed rebound of 4.05% since bottoming out at $66.5 on Oct. 05, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -3.67% in the past five days, the stock price is now down&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Taking a Fresh Look at Analog Devices, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 22, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Semiconductor - Integrated Circuits.Analog Devices, Inc. subtracted -0.71% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free Observer'
p9
aS"The Technical Facts on Analog Devices, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Analog Devices, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.