(lp0
S"Snap's Millennial Audience, Ad Potential Drive This Bullish Outlook Benzinga - Mar 27, 2017 More than half of Snap Inc 's daily users are between 13 and 24, and that makes the social platform a mandatory ad buy for many brands, according to William Blair."
p1
aS"Engaging Your Audience on Social Media: Which Sites Work Best for You? Business.com - 8 hours ago Find and engage your target audience where they already are by sharing content on popular social media platforms. Reaching out to share your message is a ... don't use LinkedIn to be sold to. They use it to learn. - Andrew Hoeft, Pinpoint Software, Inc."
p2
aS"Is Snapchat Hollywood's gateway to millennials? Studios covet its highly ... South China Morning Post - Mar 8, 2017 Snapchat is an attractive platform to work with because they have a very engaged audience, says Doug Neil, Universal's executive vice-president of digital marketing."
p3
aS"Snap 'Ain't Your Parents' Camera Company,' Citi Sees Revenue Of $13 Billion Benzinga - Mar 27, 2017 &quot;While user growth and audience scale may remain modest compared with Facebook Inc , the low rate of monetization currently and the high rate of engagement and penetration of Snapchat's product within its core 13-24 age demo should&nbsp;...Wall Street Is Suddenly Bullish On Snap - BloombergSnap Inc Stock  and The Running Of The Bulls - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS'Psychology Says Humor Can Improve Success  Inc.com - 19 hours ago Even as you acknowledge quirks audience members might have as a distinct community, go for a joke with some universal appeal to it.'
p5
aS"Cardinal Cupich tells national TV audience: Church 'stands with' immigrants Chicago Tribune - Mar 20, 2017 Speaking to Chicago Inc. on Monday, the cardinal said it was important for him to speak to worshippers in &quot;their language of prayer."
p6
aS'10 Effective Ways to Increase Your Facebook Page Fans Search Engine Journal - 15 hours ago Search has the powerful ability to &quot;pull&quot; consumers through queries of intent, while social offers its own unique ability to &quot;push&quot; messages to highly targeted audiences. In this report, we compared results from advertisers who manage their programs ...'
p7
aS'Research Now Strengthens Team for Bringing Advertising &amp; Audience Capabilities ... PR Newswire  - 17 hours ago Research Now Group, Inc., is the global leader in digital research data for better insights and business decisions. Founded in 1999, the company was a pioneer in originating online data sampling and created the first B2B panel.'
p8
aS"Acxiom, Viant Extend Partnership To Improve Audience And Measurement MediaPost Communications - 17 hours ago As more marketers look to tap into precise data to target consumers across channels, Acxiom and Time Inc.'s Viant said they're extending an existing relationship to offer marketers and agencies improvements in audience targeting, scale and measurement.Acxiom Co.  Given Consensus Rating of Buy by Analysts - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS'Why Snap Inc., FactSet Research Systems, and Raven Industries Slumped Today Motley Fool - 9 hours ago For perspective, Facebook boasted a captive audience of 1.23 billion daily active users  in December 2016, dwarfing the 158 million DAUs reported by Snapchat in its most recent quarter.'
p10
a.