(lp0
S"Drilling Down Into the Charts for Automatic Data Processing, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Automatic Data Processing, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p1
aS"Today Analysts Focus on Automatic Data Processing, Inc. , Plains GP ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Automatic Data Processing, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 23.41 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;...Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Monsanto Company , Automatic Data ... - The USA CommerceLatest Stocks: The Automatic Data Processing  Receives $101.73 Average ... - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'ADP: Great Long-Term Total Return But Is It Too Expensive? Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 Automatic Data Processing total return greatly over performed the DOW average for my 50.5 month test period by 33.27%. Automatic Data Processing is a very large provider of data processing services for the payroll and human resources sector with&nbsp;...Insider Trading Activity Automatic Data Processing   VP Sold 2868 ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS"Ex-Dividend Reminder: Automatic Data Processing, TELUS and Waste Management Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/8/17, Automatic Data Processing Inc. , TELUS Corp. , and Waste Management, Inc.  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;...Insider Trading Activity Automatic Data Processing   Director Sold ... - Market ExclusiveAnalyst's Predictions on Deere &amp; Company , Automatic Data Processing, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Automatic Data Processing Inc  versus Alliance Data ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Automatic Data Processing Inc  versus Alliance Data Systems Corporation  .'
p5
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Automatic Data Processing, Heidrick ... Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 Chicago, IL -March 15, 2017 - Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets.'
p6
aS'Between The Numbers: WestRock Company , Automatic Data Processing, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - 18 hours ago Shares of WestRock Company  are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 50.22% since bottoming out at $31.91 on Apr. 08, 2016.'
p7
aS'ADP announces more layoffs in Ann Arbor ahead of office closure MLive.com - Feb 28, 2017 ANN ARBOR, MI - Human services giant Automatic Data Processing Inc. is laying off another 16 employees, more than four months after letting go nearly 80 workers ahead of closing its office in west Ann Arbor.'
p8
aS'Technical Tracker: Watching Shares of Automatic Data Processing Inc  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Taking a glance from a technical standpoint, Automatic Data Processing Inc  presently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -152.04.'
p9
aS'Research Reports Initiation on Business Software Stocks -- Automatic Data ... PR Newswire  - Mar 23, 2017 This Thursday morning, Stock-Callers.com looks at the performance of these four Business Software &amp; Services stocks: Automatic Data Processing Inc. , Iron Mountain Inc. , SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings Inc. ,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.