(lp0
S"SS&amp;C Completes Acquisition of Advent Software PR Newswire  - Jul 8, 2015 WINDSOR, Conn., July 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc.  , a leading global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services, today announced it has completed its acquisition of Advent&nbsp;...SS&amp;C's Advent Software Buy Is a Done Deal - ThinkAdvisorUPDATE: SS&amp;C Technologies  Completes Advent Software  Acquisition - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS'Advent Software Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Results Marketwired  - Feb 2, 2015 SAN FRANCISCO, CA-- - Advent Software, Inc. , a leading provider of software and services to the global investment management industry, announced today its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Advent Software: Defensive Business Model With Growth Potential Seeking Alpha - Jan 21, 2015 Advent Software  boasts a relatively defensive and stable business profile, given its high client renewal rates and diversified business model.'
p3
aS'Update: Is Advent Software An Acquisition Target? Seeking Alpha  - Jan 29, 2015 Notwithstanding the authenticity of this news, there are positive synergies between Advent Software and SS&amp;C Technologies, if the deal goes through.Advent Software  Stock Soaring Today on Acquisition Speculation - TheStreet.comSS&amp;C in Talks to Acquire Advent for About $2.3 Billion - Bloomberg'
p4
aS"Biz Break: Advent Software acquired by rival for $2.7 billion San Jose Mercury News - Feb 2, 2015 Advent Software announced Monday afternoon that it has agreed to be acquired by rival SS&amp;C for roughly $2.7 billion in cash, ending the San Francisco firm's 30-year run as an independent company. It's a long and rich history at Advent and we bring a ...Advent Software  Stock Rises Today Following $2.7 Billion SS&amp;C ... - TheStreet.comSS&amp;C to Buy Advent Software for $2.3 Billion - New York Times"
p5
aS'SS&amp;C Announces Leadership Team for Advent Software Business Unit PR Newswire  - Sep 3, 2015 WINDSOR, Conn., Sept. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc. , a global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services, today announced the leadership team for its recently acquired Advent&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Pete Hess steps down at Advent Software just as Axys gets whodathunkit fix RIABiz - May 25, 2016 Brooke's Note: In 2012, RIABiz named Pete Hess the most influential person in the RIA business. He earned that distinction by pulling off one of the most difficult feats in business - taking a company in the deathly grip of innovator's dilemma and ..."
p7
aS'Advent Software, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Mar 26, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Advent Software, Inc.  have recently changed their ratings on the stock.This Weeks Target Prices For Advent Software, Inc.  - NewsDen'
p8
aS'As Advent Software, Inc. Trades Do Analysts Recommend You Sell? The De Soto Edge - Jan 20, 2017 Advent Software, Inc.  is a provider of software products and services. The Company offers software products and services for automating and integrating data and work flows across the investment management organization, as well as between the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Advent Software, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight UK Market News - Nov 18, 2016 05/19/2015 - Advent Software, Inc. was upgraded to strong-buy by analysts at Zacks. They now have a USD 50 price target on the stock.'
p10
a.