(lp0
S"Public Companies: American Equity Investment Life Holding Co. Business Record - Jan 13, 2017 Company officials say the new rule doesn't work well with the independent distribution model through which American Equity's fixed index annuities are sold. However, it can sell traditional fixed annuities without the index component, which will enable ..."
p1
aS'Why American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2016 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company is one of the largest sellers of indexed annuities. Under the new rules, conflicts of interests between brokers and annuity buyers will have to be disclosed to the customer, which could put a dent in ...DOL Retirement Rules Put Indexed Annuities In Crosshairs - Financial Advisor Magazine '
p2
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company ... The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on American Equity Investment Life Holding Company , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p3
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina on Q3 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss third quarter 2016 earnings."
p4
aS"Option Trading: American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 We're going to look at a wonderful result using long put spreads for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by pinpointing earnings risk, and then navigating around it."
p5
aS"American Equity Investment Life: A Hammered Stock With Above Average Returns Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2016 As a life insurer, capital requirements are increasingly burdensome. As a proxy, we can look at the amount of tangible equity against its tangible assets. AEL's ratio is less than 6% at Q4'15 while the average public North America life insurers hold ..."
p6
aS'Why Harley-Davidson, American Equity Investment Life, and MTS Systems Slumped ... Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2016 Yet even though overall markets fared reasonably well, some companies still struggled, and American Equity Investment Life , MTS Systems , and Harley-Davidson  were among the relatively few big losers on the day ...'
p7
aS'American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Mourns the Death of Board ... Business Wire  - Jan 10, 2017 WEST DES MOINES, Iowa----American Equity Investment Life Holding Company , a leading issuer of fixed index annuities, is sad to announce that Harley A. Whitfield, Sr.'
p8
aS'American Equity to Present at Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company , a leading issuer of fixed index annuities, today announced that John Matovina, Chief Executive Officer and Ted Johnson, Chief Financial Officer, will be presenting at the Raymond James 38th Annual&nbsp;...The American Equity Investment Life Holding  Receives $23.86 Average ... - DailyQuint'
p9
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina on Q2 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 6, 2016 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss second quarter 2016 earnings."
p10
a.