(lp0
S'Why Did American Eagle Outfitters Fall After Its Q4 Earnings? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters  shares fell nearly 10% on March 1 after the apparel retailer posted a mixed fourth quarter earnings report.American Eagle Outfitters  PT Lowered to $15 at Oppenheimer Following ... - StreetInsider.comChecking the Overall Picture for American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS"Taking a Look at the Data Behind American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 14 hours ago American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Apparel Stores. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $13.99, up from yesterday's close by 1.01%.Analyst Outlook on Price Target: American Eagle Outfitters  - Post RegistrarAmerican Eagle Outfitters  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"American Eagle Outfitters'  CEO Jay Schottenstein on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Greetings and welcome to the American Eagle Outfitters' Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.Why American Eagle Outfitters Shares Got Cut Today - Motley FoolAmerican Eagle Outfitters Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"American Eagle Outfitters Fails to Impress GuruFocus.com - Mar 17, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters Inc.  is a leading global specialty retailer with more than 1,000 stores in the United States, Canada, Mexico, China, Hong Kong and the United Kingdom.American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalFeatured Stock Update: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - HugoPress"
p4
aS"BRIEF-American Eagle Outfitters reports Q4 earnings per share $0.30 Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 TAIPEI, March 23 Taiwan's central bank talks to its counterpart in the United States about foreign exchange issues, including information regarding a key report the U.S."
p5
aS"A Keen Look At The Chart For American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  NY Stock News - Mar 24, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS"BRIEF-American Eagle Outfitters declares regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 ... Reuters - Mar 8, 2017 BERLIN, March 9 U.S. President Donald Trump's January travel ban had a significant impact on booking rates to the United States for Emirates airline and it has not yet fully recovered, the carrier's president said on Thursday."
p7
aS'Examining the Numbers on Shares of American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  Rives Journal - 15 hours ago American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.766791. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p8
aS'Earnings Reaction History: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc., 22.2% Follow ... Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p9
aS'American Eagle Outfitters Inc versus Ascena Retail Group Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 18 hours ago American Eagle Outfitters Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Ascena Retail Group Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p10
a.