(lp0
S"Athens Federal, Your Hometown Bank Seeking Alpha - May 6, 2016 In 2009, depositors of Athens Federal Community Bank adopted a plan of conversion from a mutual form to a stock savings bank that would result in all Athens Federal's capital stock being owned by Athens Bancshares Corporation . AFCB offered 100% of its&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Ray Grant elected to Athens Federal board of directors The Daily Post-Athenian - Apr 7, 2016 Athens Federal Community Bank announces that Raymond A. &quot;Ray&quot; Grant has been elected to serve as a director of both Athens Federal Community Bank and its holding company, Athens Bancshares Corporation. Well-regarded for his work with youth, Grant&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"13 Micro-Cap Bank Stocks That Could Add Big Profits to Your Portfolio TheStreet.com - Mar 24, 2015 &quot;The [small-to-mid-cap] bank group isn't without its challenges, most notably the impact on bank profitability from the persistently low interest rate environment both domestically and abroad,&quot; said Jefferson Harralson, Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods' head of&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Top 200 community banks  where does yours rank? CFODailyNews.com - May 3, 2013 These days more and more of your peers are bringing their business to community banks in search of more personal and personalized service.'
p4
aS'Recent Activity In The Banking Industry: M&amp;As, Branch Openings And Buybacks Seeking Alpha - Jun 22, 2016 Simmons First National Corporation of Pine Bluff, Arkansas is acquiring 100% of Citizens National Bank of Athens, Tennessee. It was filed on June 11th, 2016. Peoples Equity Corporation of Wells, Minnesota is going to acquire 100% of Paragon Bank of ...'
p5
aS"Closing an insolvent bank fairly simple process Online Athens - Jun 21, 2009 The Georgia Department of Banking and Finance closed Freedom Bank's branches in Commerce, Homer, Jefferson and Winder on March 6 for the weekend and turned them over to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., which in turn sold the bank to&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Simmons First National  to Acquire Citizens National Bank in CAsh, Stock ... StreetInsider.com - May 18, 2016 Simmons First National Corporation   announced today that it has entered into a stock purchase agreement  with Citizens National Bancorp, Inc.  and Citizens National Bank  to&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Bank prospers during and after the recession Oconee Enterprise - Mar 1, 2017 Atlantic Capital Bank is focused on mid-sized corporations, small businesses and private clients. We are delighted to be a part of the Athens area, said May, joking that the arrow-like logo points to the northeast, meaning the Athens-Oconee area. The ...'
p8
aS'Simmons, Home BancShares Set To Vault Into $10B Club Arkansas Business Online - Jan 16, 2017 The 2015 purchase of Community First Bancshares Inc. of Union City, Tennessee, provided a door opener to the 2016 acquisition of Citizens National Bancorp Inc. of Athens, Tennessee. ... Recent Acquisition Activity By Simmons First National Corp.'
p9
aS'Susquehanna Bancshares in Deal to Be Sold to BB&amp;T New York Times - Nov 12, 2014 Updated, 8:59 p.m. | The BB&amp;T Corporation, a big lender based in North Carolina, is doing something most of its peers have shied away from since the financial crisis: buying another bank. With its $2.5 billion acquisition of Susquehanna Bancshares,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.