(lp0
S'Restaurant Brands tendered 83% of Popeyes shares, enough for takeover CBC.ca - Mar 27, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Inc. of Oakville, Ont., has received enough shares of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. to complete its US$1.8-billion friendly takeover of the fast food chain. The parent of Tim Hortons and Burger King says that about 83 ...'
p1
aS"'Just getting started': Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc acquisition may not be ... Financial Post - Feb 21, 2017 ... equity firm controls Restaurant Brands International Inc. - the Oakville, Ontario-based parent to the coffee and hamburger chains - which on Tuesday added fried chicken to the mix with a US$1.8 billion cash deal to buy Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.Why Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. Stock Popped Today - Motley FoolRestaurant Brands  to Buy Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen  for $1.8B - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS'Why Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. Stock Jumped 25% in February Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Shares of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  skyrocketed 25% in the month of February, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the chickencentric fast-food chain announced it will be acquired by Burger King and Tim&nbsp;...What Type of Consensus Views Analysts Say about Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc ... - Hot Stocks PointThe Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP - DailyQuint'
p3
aS'Restaurant Brands  Completes Tender Offer to Purchase Outstanding Shares ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 27, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Inc.  today announced that it expects to complete the acquisition of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.   today, following the successful completion of its tender offer to purchase all of ...Latest Stocks: The Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Stock Rating ... - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Form SC 14D9/A POPEYES LOUISIANA KITCHE Filed by: POPEYES LOUISIANA KITCHEN, INC. StreetInsider.com - Mar 27, 2017 4  amends and supplements the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., a Minnesota corporation , filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  on&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Cheryl Bachelder to Step Down as CEO of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Upon ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.  today announced that Cheryl Bachelder will be stepping down as CEO at the closing of the Company's previously announced transaction with Restaurant Brands International Inc.  .Popeyes CEO Cheryl Bachelder to Step Aside After Takeover - Wall Street Journal Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.  Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS"Throw In The Towel On Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen? Seeking Alpha - Aug 17, 2016 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  is down 8% today. The stock is facing pressure once again on the back of the just announced Q2 2016.Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Feels the Heat of a Tough US Market - Motley FoolPopeyes gains market share, but same-store sales slow - Nation's Restaurant News"
p7
aS'Burger King and Tim Hortons parent Restaurant Brands International Inc is ... Financial Post - Feb 13, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Inc , owner of the Burger King and Tim Hortons fast-food chains, has approached Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc about a possible acquisition, people familiar with the matter said on Monday. Shares of Atlanta-based Popeyes&nbsp;...Exclusive: Burger King and Tim Hortons owner in bid to buy Popeyes - sources - Reuters'
p8
aS'Restaurant Brands International Inc. Makes a Genius Acquisition in Popeyes ... The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 23, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Inc.  soared 7.05% on Tuesday following news that the company will be acquiring fried chicken fast-food chain Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  for US$1.7 billion in cash. I believe the&nbsp;...Popeyes deal may be small, but it can still be meaningful for Restaurant Brands - Financial PostRestaurant Brands International Was Right About Popeyes - Seeking Alpha'
p9
aS"Popeyes Lousiana Kitchen, Inc. Makes Domestic Progress Motley Fool - Nov 10, 2016 Popeyes didn't offer specific financial guidance last quarter. But for perspective -- and though we don't pay close attention to Wall Street's quarterly expectations -- analysts' consensus estimates predicted lower adjusted earnings of $0.53 per share ..."
p10
a.