(lp0
S'Market Check: Narrowing in on Shares of Alliance Holdings GP, LP  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Alliance Holdings GP, L.P.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.05680. The six month price index is easily measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p1
aS'Alliance Holdings GP, LP  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 08, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Alliance Holdings GP, L.P.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.55 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 17, 2017.'
p2
aS'Stock Alert: Alliance Holdings GP, LP Stock Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low CML News - 21 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Alliance Holdings GP, L.P.  has seen its stock price move at a rock bottom low level.'
p3
aS'Alliance Holdings GP LP MarketWatch - Dec 22, 2009 Alliance Holdings GP L.P.. NASDAQ: AHGP. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p4
aS"These Are Alliance Holdings GP, LP's Smartest Moves of 2016 Motley Fool - Dec 1, 2016 In response to the persistently weak coal market, Alliance Holdings GP decided early in the year to move production from some of Alliance Resource Partners' high-cost mines to those with lower costs while also reducing shifts and production days to ..."
p5
aS"3 Terrible Reasons to Sell Alliance Holdings GP, LP Motley Fool - Aug 25, 2016 Alliance Holdings GP, L.P.  is easy to hate, despite an over 9% distribution yield. But just because the partnership has some warts doesn't mean you should dump it.Maybe the Coal Market Isn't Dead After All - The motley Fool "
p6
aS"While Global Coal Prices Go Hyperbolic, Alliance Holdings GP, LP Will Be Left ... Motley Fool - Dec 13, 2016 Unfortunately, this massive rally in the coal market will elude coal company Alliance Holdings GP  and its coal-producing MLP Alliance Resource Partners . Here's why the global coal rally is leaving these producers in the&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Here's What Alliance Holdings GP, LP's CEO Wants You to Know About Its Future Motley Fool - Nov 14, 2016 While bankruptcy has not been a worry at Alliance Holdings GP , or at its MLP Alliance Resources Partners , both companies have still struggled amid the weak coal market."
p8
aS'How Safe Are Alliance Holdings GP, LP and Its Dividend? Motley Fool - Oct 18, 2016 Alliance Holdings GP  and its MLP Alliance Resource Partners  pay their investors very generous quarterly distributions of 8% and 7.7%, respectively.'
p9
aS'Why Alliance Resource Partners, LP, Alliance Holdings GP, LP, and Cloud Peak ... Motley Fool - Nov 7, 2016 And that helps explain why Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. , its general partner, Alliance Holdings GP, L.P. , and Cloud Peak Energy Inc.  have all seen significant revenue declines and, more important for&nbsp;...'
p10
a.