(lp0
S"'I believe she will hurt again': Mother speaks out after nanny who abused her ... Daily Mail - Jun 4, 2013 A former Utah nanny accused of breaking the ankles of a baby she was caring for has been sentenced to five years of probation. The Summit County Attorney's Office says Aubrey Alta Anderson, 32, will get credit for nearly a year she spent in jail in the ..."
p1
aS'Warner Bros. set to cut gun scenes from Dark Knight trailers - as massacre ... Daily Mail - Jul 20, 2012 Warner Bros. will cut the scenes featuring guns from the trailer of The Dark Knight Rises following the horrific shooting spree at a midnight showing in Colorado that left 12 cinema-goers dead.'
p2
aS'Fast And Furious star Don Omar arrested in Puerto Rico over domestic violence ... Daily Mail - Sep 18, 2014 Fast And Furious star Don Omar has been arrested in Puerto Rico over domestic violence claims. The 36-year-old reggaeton singer-songwriter was detained on Wednesday morning in Vega Alta. Omar, who was caught on camera in handcuffs by the local&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Get fit in just FIFTEEN minutes: The simple exercise you can do to tone your ... Daily Mail - Feb 12, 2017 Ever tried to sit down and stand up with only one leg? This is a great move for toning the bottom, says Nadya Fairweather, founder of u-shape.'
p4
aS'HEALTH: why exercise is a miracle cure Daily Mail - Jan 15, 2017 Some iron supplements can lead to constipation and gastrointestinal discomfort, so Nicole recommends trying iron-rich foods first.'
p5
aS'INDUSTRY BRIEFS Oil & Gas Financial Journal - Jan 18, 2017 Anadarko Petroleum has agreed to sell its operated and non-operated upstream assets and operated midstream assets in the Marcellus Shale of north-central Pennsylvania to Alta Marcellus Development LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Alta Resources&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"American professor kidnapped at gunpoint as she visits her mother in notorious ... Daily Mail - Mar 12, 2011 On her university website page she says: 'My primary focus is the study of social complexity, urbanism, and its environmental impact in the Mixteca Alta region of Oaxaca, Mexico.' Ciudad Juarez, with a population of 1.3million people, has seen an ..."
p7
aS'Skier performs incredible stunts, from leaping over a tractor to somersaulting ... Daily Mail - Jan 20, 2017 This incredible footage shows a skier performing some near-impossible stunts - from leaping in the open boot of car to sailing over a tractor - WITHOUT any snow.'
p8
aS'Dying for a bargain: California college student robbed and murdered by three ... Daily Mail - May 15, 2011 Police claim Mr Berki and Ms Faudoa drove to Casey Street off Alta View Drive around 10:30 pm on Wednesday, to meet Rashon Abernathy, Seandell Jones and Shaquille Jordan to see an item they had for sale.'
p9
aS"Bike sharing takes hold in the US BikeRadar.com - Aug 28, 2011 &quot;We're over the major failure points: theft and vandalism, the systems in place are surviving; the safety record of the systems are, so far, extremely positive, and liability has not been an issue,&quot; said Alison Cohen, the president of Alta Bicycle ..."
p10
a.