(lp0
S'AIG Names Donna DeMaio Executive Vice President and Chief Auditor Business Wire  - 11 hours ago NEW YORK----American International Group, Inc.  announced today that Donna DeMaio will rejoin AIG as Executive Vice President and Chief Auditor on April 17.'
p1
aS"AIG: The Uncertainty Is Creating A Buying Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Mar 26, 2017 More recently, it was reported that AIG's CEO search would likely take &quot;months rather than weeks&quot; and it appears more likely that the company will bring in outside talent for this position, which should be viewed as a positive development. AIG's stock ..."
p2
aS'American International Group, Inc. performed Very Well with a change of 0.08 ... Free Observer - 17 hours ago The stock added in the prior trading session by 0.08%, closing at the stock price of $60.93. Currently, the market capitalization of American International Group, Inc.  is 59.52 Billion. AIG has a 1-year high price of $67.47 and 1-year low price ...Vetr Inc. Upgrades American International Group Inc  to Strong-Buy - Sports PerspectivesMost Active Stock: American International Group, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p3
aS"AIG: New CEO Woes Already Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Peter Hancock is officially out as AIG  CEO. The board has finally realized that Hancock can't take AIG to the next level, nor improve operating results. AIG has been unprofitable for four of the last six quarters. But it's dying to be loved ...AIG Executives Hope Meetings Reassure Analysts, Investors - Insurance Journal"
p4
aS'The Unified Clarity of The Technical Chart For American International Group ... NY Stock News - 15 hours ago American International Group, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p5
aS'Options Bulls Should Take a Closer Look at American International Group Stock Schaeffers Research  - Mar 27, 2017 American International Group Inc  topped out at an eight-year high of $67.47 in early January, and has since pulled back -- trading down 0.7% at $60.46 today, as the broad market dives.Latest Stocks: The American International Group Inc  Rating Reiterated by ... - Petro Global News 24American International Group Inc  Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo &amp; Co - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS'American International Group  Up 3.9% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for American International Group, Inc. . Shares have added about 3.9% in that time frame, outperforming the market.American International Group Inc  Receives $64.82 Average PT from Brokerages - Chaffey BreezeAnalytical and Technical Charts for American International Group, Inc.  - TWN'
p7
aS"American International Group Inc  CEO Fired for Doing His Job Investorplace.com - Mar 9, 2017 When a CEO is made to walk the plank under the orders of a big investor, middle-aged men get as giddy as schoolgirls dishing on a Hollywood starlet's failing marriage.AIG CEO to resign after dismal earnings, successor unclear - Daily MailAIG: Another CEO Resigns. What Lies Ahead? - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS"AIG: Difficult To Value, Easy To Own Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Is AIG really that difficult to own at $62.50 despite Deutsche Bank cutting the price target to $57? The investment thesis in AIG hasn't really changed much over the months despite all the noise. The global insurance company reported a Q4 after-tax ..."
p9
aS'American International Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March ... Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 American International Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.32 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 29, 2017.'
p10
a.