(lp0
S'Out-of-state firm swoops in to hire laid-off North State Aviation employees Triad Business Journal - 14 hours ago Wood Dale, Illinois-based aviation services firm AAR Corp. is holding a job fair at a Winston-Salem hotel on Thursday , with hopes of hiring more than 150 aircraft mechanics that are being laid off by North State Aviation at the Smith ...AAR Corp  Unit Secures $909M Contract from Air Force - NasdaqAAR Corp.  Secures 15-yr $909M US Air Force Contract for Landing Gear ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'AAR Corp. - Momentum Remains Strong, Solid Long-Term Growth Play Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 AAR Corp.  continues to deliver on healthy results, as the latest quarterly results confirm the long-term investment thesis.'
p2
aS"AAR Corp. begins hiring mechanics at Rockford jet repair hub Rockford Register Star - Oct 21, 2016 AAR Corp. has posted 18 jobs on its website for the Rockford maintenance, repair and overhaul or MRO, as it's known in aviation parlance."
p3
aS"A primer on Rockford's new jet repair hub and AAR Corp. Rockford Register Star - Jul 14, 2016 ROCKFORD - Education was the key to Rockford's courtship of AAR Corp., a global leader in the jet service and repair industry and the new kid on the block, so to speak, of the region's aerospace and aviation cluster."
p4
aS"BRIEF-AAR Corp awarded 15-year landing gear contract by USAF Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'AAR Corp. - Potential Recovery Within Expeditionary Services And Organic ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 AAR Corp. reported relatively strong fourth quarter results, and predicts further growth in the coming year. While earnings are expected to show further gains, predicted margin gains are modest following continued pressure in the expeditionary service&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Want a job? AAR Corp. to host fair for aviation mechanics at new Rockford jet ... Rockford Register Star - Nov 11, 2016 ROCKFORD - AAR Corp. will hire hundreds of aircraft mechanics and support personnel at the new Rockford jet repair hub in the months ahead, and company representatives hope to find many prospective hires at a job fair they'll host at the airport ..."
p7
aS'NAC sends one-million-dollar commitment fee to AAR Corp Himalayan Times - Feb 17, 2017 Nepal Airlines Corporation  has sent $1 million as commitment fee to AAR Corporation - supplier of the two wide-body Airbus aircraft.'
p8
aS'AAR Corp.  Wins SAAT Contract Valued Up to $125M StreetInsider.com - Oct 6, 2016 AAR  has signed a five-year agreement to provide power-by-the-hour  component inventory management and repair services to South African Airways Technical  Ltd.'
p9
aS'AAR Corp.  Announces Acquisition of Mobile Shelter Maker SPACEMAX StreetInsider.com - Jul 13, 2016 SPACEMAX shelters add another option for customers of AAR Mobility Systems, whose wide range of encampment solutions is customizable to mission demands.'
p10
a.