(lp0
S"Why Air Methods Corp Surged 11% Thursday Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Investors and arbitrageurs are jumping on the news as an excuse to bid up shares of Air Methods stock. Now, it's worth remembering that  these rumors have not been confirmed, and  there's no word yet on how much KKR might decide to pay for Air&nbsp;...Amid Buyout Rumors, Time To Close Air Methods Position? - Seeking AlphaAir Methods Reaches Analyst Target Price - Nasdaq"
p1
aS'Private equity firm buying Air Methods for $2.5 billion Denver Business Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Colorado-based air ambulance company Air Methods Corp. -- long under pressure from a activist shareholder -- is being purchased in a $2.5 billion deal.Air Methods Short: Rumors Of A Sale Process Offers An Asymmetric Return Profile - Seeking AlphaAir Methods agrees to be taken private in $2.5 billion deal - Reuters'
p2
aS"What are Analyst's Indicators for Air Methods Corporation , SeaWorld ... The USA Commerce - 12 hours ago Presently Air Methods Corporation  stock have an ABR of 3.00. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell."
p3
aS'Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corp  to Post $0.31 Earnings Per Share Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Air Methods Corp logo Shares of Air Methods Corp  have received a consensus broker rating score of 0.00  from the three brokers that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Is It Time to go for Air Methods Corporation , Keysight Technologies ... - StockNewsJournalAir Methods Corp. surged in the Previous Trading Session with the Change of 0.58% - Free Observer'
p4
aS'Lifshitz &amp; Miller LLP Announces Investigation of Air Methods Corporation ... PR Newswire  - Mar 24, 2017 Lifshitz &amp; Miller LLP Announces Investigation of Air Methods Corporation, Fortress Investment Group LLC, Galena Biopharma, Inc., Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., LMI Aerospace, Inc., Lumos Networks Corp.'
p5
aS'Air Methods, FlightSafety Announce New Training Facility in Colorado ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Air Methods Corporation  is the global leader in air medical transportation. The Air Medical Services Division is the largest provider of air medical transport services in the United States.'
p6
aS'Air Methods Announces Date of Annual Meeting of Stockholders GlobeNewswire  - Mar 8, 2017 ENGLEWOOD, Colo., March 08, 2017  -- Air Methods Corporation  today announced that it will hold its 2017 annual meeting of stockholders on May 17, 2017.Option Market: Air Methods Corporation Risk Hits An Inflection Point - CML NewsAir Methods Corp  Lifted to B at TheStreet - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'Air Methods  Opens New Training Facility in Colorado Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Leading provider of air medical emergency transport services, Air Methods Corporation AIRM announced the opening of new FlightSafety Learning Center in Denver, CO.'
p8
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brodsky &amp; Smith, LLC Announces an Investigation of Air ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 24, 2017 BALA CYNWYD, PA / ACCESSWIRE / March 24, 2017 / The law office of Brodsky &amp; Smith, LLC announces that it is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of Air Methods Corporation  (NASDAQ:AIRM&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Air Methods Corp  to Go Private in $2.5 Billion Deal Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 The affiliates of the private security firm will be using cash to acquire Air Methods Corp. AIRM's Board of Directors has already given its unanimous approval to the deal."
p10
a.