(lp0
S'BRIEF-Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co buys Farallone Pacific Insurance Services Reuters - Mar 23, 2017 BRASILIA, March 23 The European Union has asked Brazil to voluntarily suspend all shipments of meat to its member countries to avoid imposing a ban that would take time to lift, but the Brazilian government has not agreed, EU diplomats in Brasilia told&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Nicoud Insurance Services PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around ...Arthur J. Gallagher Adds Nicoud Insurance to its Portfolio - Yahoo FinanceHow Does Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Farallone Pacific Insurance Services, LLC PR Newswire  - Mar 23, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around ...Arthur J. Gallagher acquires Farallone Pacific Insurance Services, LLC - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'Financial management firm Argentis acquired by Arthur J Gallagher &amp; Co. Startups.co.uk - Nov 10, 2016 Argentis, the Canterbury-based financial planning and employee benefits consultant, has been acquired by US insurance brokerage Arthur J Gallagher &amp; Co. Founded in 2005, Argentis provides benefit and wealth management services to private and&nbsp;...American broker Arthur J. Gallagher buys London advice firm - Citywire.co.ukArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Argentis - PR Newswire '
p4
aS"Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Named A World's Most Ethical Company By The ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 ROLLING MEADOWS, Ill., March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  , one of the world's largest insurance brokerage and risk management services providers, has been recognized by the Ethisphere Institute, a global&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Hill, Chesson &amp; Woody PR Newswire  - Jan 13, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client-service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...'
p6
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co acquires Orb Financial Services Consultancy.uk - Aug 11, 2016 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. has acquired Surrey-based Orb Financial Services, adding 14 professionals to its UK-based operation.'
p7
aS"Arthur J. Gallagher Adds Farallone Pacific, Boosts Portfolio Yahoo Finance - Mar 24, 2017 Buyouts not only widen the company's geographical footprint but also enhance its service portfolio. ... Year to date, the shares of Arthur J. Gallagher have gained 8.3%, outperforming the Zacks categorized Insurance Broker industry's 6.3% increase.Arthur J. Gallagher  acquire Novato, terms of transaction were not ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p8
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Ace IRM Insurance Broking Group In Australia PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and does business in more than 150 countries around the world through a network of&nbsp;...Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 01, 2017 - Nasdaq'
p9
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Adco General Corporation PR Newswire  - Jan 19, 2017 ITASCA, Ill., Jan. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  today announced the acquisition of Adco General Corporation , headquartered in Denver, Colorado.Arthur J. Gallagher Keeps Serial Deal Pace  - Investopedia'
p10
a.