(lp0
S'Align Technology Prevails in Additional US Patent Office Proceedings Initiated ... Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago SAN JOSE, CA-- - Align Technology, Inc.  today announced that it has prevailed in additional proceedings initiated by ClearCorrect Operating, LLC  before the United States Patent and Trademark Office&nbsp;...ClearCorrect Gets PTAB To Nix Claims Of Invisalign Patent - Law360 '
p1
aS"Align Tech inks distribution deal for iTero scanners Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Align Technology  enters into a non-exclusive agreement with Zimmer Biomet's Zfx GmbH whereby it will serve as a sales agent for iTero Element intraoral scanners through Zfx's dental network in Europe, Asia and Africa.Align Technology Announces Agreement With Zfx GmbH to Expand Restorative and ... - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Align Technology Inc. Reports Record Revenue in Q4 Motley Fool - Jan 31, 2017 Align Technology  shareholders had plenty of reasons to be happy in 2016. The orthodontic-device maker's stock soared nearly 50% last year.Align Technology Announces Fourth Quarter and Year Ended 2016 Results - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"International Sales Help Align Technology, Inc. in Q2 Motley Fool - Jul 29, 2016 Align Technology  shareholders had to smile at the company's first-quarter results. Driven in part by the solid numbers posted, Align's shares have been on a roll.Align Technology's  Joe Hogan on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaAlign Technology to Supply Non-Invisalign Clear Aligners to SmileDirectClub in ... - Marketwired "
p4
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Align Technology, Inc. , Magellan Midstream ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business."
p5
aS'Stock Alert: Align Technology Inc Price Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low CML News - 11 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Align Technology Inc  has seen its stock price move at an extreme low level.'
p6
aS'Align Technology Inc. Beats Q3 Expectations With Record Invisalign Volume Motley Fool - Nov 7, 2016 Align Technology appeared to execute well in the third quarter. Revenue and earnings increased even more than investors expected.Align Technology  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaAlign Technology Inc : What does the future look like? - Simply Wall St'
p7
aS'Align Technology Hits a 52-Week High on Solid Prospects Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Share price of San Jose, CA-based Align Technology, Inc. ALGN reached a new 52-week high of $110.87 on Mar 15, eventually closing a bit lower at $110.31.'
p8
aS"Institutions Continue To Be Top Holders in Align Technology, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Align Technology, Inc. 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late.Align Technology, Inc.  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy from Analysts - The Cerbat GemNews Recap: Align Technology, Inc.  , Capstead Mortgage ... - NYSE Journal "
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Align Technology Inc  is Beating Neogen ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Align Technology Inc  versus Neogen Corporation  .'
p10
a.