(lp0
S'Alimera Sciences: 2017 Outlook Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 Alimera had a big sequential jump in net sales in Q2 followed by a dip in Q3. The company explained on the Q3 call that Q2 sales were inflated by a distributor inventory buildup and that end-user demand was actually slightly higher in Q3 compared to Q2.'
p1
aS'Alimera Sciences Inc  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 19 hours ago Alimera Sciences logo Alimera Sciences Inc  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Friday.Alimera Sciences, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS"Alimera Sciences, Inc.  Looks Good: Stock Up 12.8% Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Alimera Sciences, Inc. ALIM was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise almost 13% on the day. The upside was driven by the company's improved fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 results."
p3
aS'Price Alert: Alimera Sciences Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - 19 hours ago Price Alert: Alimera Sciences Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p4
aS'Eye drug company Alimera Sciences mulls sale: sources Reuters - Dec 17, 2015 Alimera Sciences Inc, an ophthalmic pharmaceutical company, is in the early stages of exploring strategic alternatives, including a potential sale, according to people familiar with the matter.Alimera Sciences Inc  Stock is Up Amid Reaching Distribution Drug Deal ... - Independent Reporter'
p5
aS"Alimera: Risks Reduced After Q2 Pre-Announcement Seeking Alpha - Jul 28, 2016 The company's market cap before today's jump was just around $50 million, which is very low considering Iluvien's potential."
p6
aS'ALIMERA SCIENCES, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 Alimera Sciences, Inc.  is a pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the research, development and commercialization of prescription ophthalmic pharmaceuticals.Alimera Sciences Reports Record Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial ... - GlobeNewswire Alimera Sciences Inc  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'Alimera up 10% on ILUVIEN regulatory filing in Canada Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Thinly traded nano cap Alimera Sciences  perks up on almost a 7x surge in volume in response to the news that distribution partner Knight Therapeutics has filed a New Drug Submission in Canada seeking approval of ILUVIEN (fluocinolone&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Risk Alert in Option Market: Alimera Sciences Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Risk Alert: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Alimera Sciences Inc  risk is at an extremely elevated level.'
p9
aS"Here's Why Cowen Upgraded Alimera Sciences Inc  Shares Smarter Analyst - Sep 16, 2016 With near-term financing overhang removed and more confident in Iluvien's sales growth, Cowen analyst Boris Peaker upgrades shares of Alimera Sciences Inc  from Market Perform to Outperform, while issuing a $3 price target, which&nbsp;...UPDATE: Cowen Sees Opportunity in Alimera Sciences  and Upgrades Stock ... - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.