(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Cowen and Company Reiterates Market Perform on Alaska Air ... Market Exclusive - 8 hours ago Today, Cowen and Company reiterated its Market Perform rating on Alaska Air Group  with a price target of $100.00.Today Analysts Focus on Alaska Air Group, Inc. , Unum Group  - StockNewsJournalAlaska Air Group, Inc.  Receives Market Perform Rating from Cowen and ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Alaska Air Group to hold investor day on March 29 Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 SEATTLE, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Alaska Air Group, Inc. , the parent company of Alaska Airlines, Inc., Virgin America Inc. and Horizon Air Industries, Inc., will hold an investor day on Wednesday, March 29, 2017 in New York.Insider Trading Activity Alaska Air Group, Inc.   Chairman Sold ... - Market ExclusiveAnalytical Guide for Alaska Air Group, Inc. , The Valspar Corporation ... - The USA Commerce'
p2
aS'Alaska Air Group February Traffic and Capacity Increase Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 Alaska Air Group Inc.  witnessed a 1.7% rise in traffic in the month of February from a year ago. Traffic - measured in revenue passenger miles  - came in at 3.5 billion, up from 3.4 billion recorded in Feb 2016.'
p3
aS"Why Alaska Air Group, Inc. Stock  Deserves a Place in Your Portfolio Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 Seattle, WA based Alaska Air Group, Inc.  has lately been the shining star of the airline industry. Shares of the carrier gained 47% over the last six months, comfortably outperforming the Zacks categorized Transportation- Airline industry, which ...Insider Trading Activity Alaska Air Group, Inc.   VP Sold 16781 ... - Market ExclusiveAnalyst's Indicator Review for Alaska Air Group, Inc. , The Estee Lauder ... - The USA Commerce"
p4
aS'BRIEF-Alaska Air Group Inc says expects consolidated nonoperating expense of ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 BRIEF-Vermillion say co, unit entered amendment No. 2 to testing, services agreement with Quest Diagnostics effective March 11, 2017.'
p5
aS'Alaska Airlines to retire Virgin America brand in 2019 Fox News - Mar 23, 2017 Virgin America will cease to exist in just a few years. Alaska Airlines announced Wednesday that the California-based carrier will be fully absorbed into one brand to create a more efficient and consistent experience.Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand - KRON4.comAlaska Airlines to Retire the Virgin America Brand by 2019 - Investorplace.com'
p6
aS'Decision Time: Alaska Air Group Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection ... CML News - 20 hours ago Decision Time: Alaska Air Group Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p7
aS"Alaska Airlines &amp; Condor Airlines Ink Mileage Plan Pact Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 In a customer-friendly move, Alaska Airlines, the wholly owned subsidiary of Alaska Air Group, Inc. ALK, tied up with Europe's Condor Airlines for its Mileage Plan program."
p8
aS'Alaska Air Group Inc Risk Points versus Transportation CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Alaska Air Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Transportation ETF.'
p9
aS"Alaska Airlines adds daily flights from San Diego as California expansion ... Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 15, 2017 Alaska Airlines said it's expanding again in the Golden State, adding service to six new destinations from Southern California's San Diego International Airport."
p10
a.