(lp0
S"Better Buy: bluebird bio, Inc. vs. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 RNAi expert Alnylam Pharmaceuticals'  major decline came more recently in October, when the company ended a phase 3 trial testing its lead drug revusiran in patients with hereditary ATTR amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy. The clinical trial&nbsp;...How Do Analysts View Alnylam Pharmaceuticals in 2017? - Market RealistWhy Analysts put forward these two stocks: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'The Medicines Company and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Report Positive Final ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 The Medicines Company  and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced positive final results from the ORION-1 Phase II study of inclisiran, an investigational, first-in-class PCSK9 synthesis inhibitor being developed for the treatment ...Alnylam touts latest trial data as suggesting its drugs are safe - Boston Business Journal'
p2
aS'Stock Growth in Focus For Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 11 hours ago Analysts are projecting Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  to grow at an accelerated rate over the next five years.Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc Stock Volatility Hits ... - CML NewsAn End-of-Day Technical Review: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY ... - Post Analyst'
p3
aS'Reading the Numbers on Shares of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Rives Journal - 11 hours ago Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.037344. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p4
aS'Alnylam  Up 14.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ALNY. Shares have added about 14.5% in that time frame, outperforming the market.'
p5
aS"Latest Stock Price Updates: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s  Is stories - 21 hours ago Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -0.29% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 52.32."
p6
aS'Analyst Activity  FBR &amp; Co Reiterates Buy on Alnylam Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 The current consensus rating on Alnylam Pharmaceuticals  is Buy  with a consensus target price of $65.44 per share, a potential 9.59% upside.Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.comTraders Secrets on Steel Dynamics, Inc. , Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal'
p7
aS'Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p8
aS'Annual Needham Healthcare Conference Business Wire  - 11 hours ago CAMBRIDGE, Mass.----Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , the leading RNAi therapeutics company, announced today that management will present a company overview at the 16th Annual Needham Healthcare Conference on&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.41% to close at $55.25.Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.