(lp0
S"Alexander's Inc versus Cedar Realty Trust Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Alexander's Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Cedar Realty Trust Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison."
p1
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  versus Retail Opportunity ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Alexander's Inc  versus Retail Opportunity Investments Corp."
p2
aS"Alexander's: An Excellent Growth Story In An Overheated Market Seeking Alpha  - Feb 28, 2015 Alexander's Inc.  is a REIT having six properties in the greater New York City metropolitan area. ALX is managed by Vornado Realty Trust , which currently owns 32.4% of ALX's outstanding common stock."
p3
aS"Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Alexander's, Inc.  Fiscal Standard - Mar 27, 2017 Currently 1 analyst has outstanding research reports on Alexander's, Inc. , according to the reports 0 analysts rate the stock Buy, 0 Outperform, 0 Underperform, 0 Sell, while 1 Hold."
p4
aS"What You Must Know About Alexander's Inc's  ROE? Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 With 24.5% ROE in the last year, Alexander's Inc  appeared more efficient when we look at the industry average of 11.74% ROE.Alexander's, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge"
p5
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  versus National Retail Properties ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Alexander's Inc  versus National Retail Properties Inc  ."
p6
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  is Beating DDR Corp.  CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Alexander's Inc  versus DDR Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months."
p7
aS"Decision Time: Alexander's Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection Point CML News - Mar 22, 2017 Decision Time: Alexander's Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point."
p8
aS"A New Kind of Stock Chart: Alexander's Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Jan 16, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Alexander's Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year."
p9
aS"Alexander's, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - Mar 17, 2017 Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of Alexander's, Inc. . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 0 brokers have issued a rating of ..."
p10
a.