(lp0
S"AMD: Radeon RX Vega Is The New Catalyst Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago Independent securities and investment banking firm Jefferies has set a price target of $16 for AMD's  stock due to the company's &quot;higher responsiveness and better execution.&quot; Jefferies is particularly upbeat on AMD because of Ryzen, AMD's&nbsp;...Chipmaker; Advanced Micro Devices  Releases Few More Tantalizing Morsels ... - eMarketsDaily"
p1
aS"Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Stock Gears Up for War Investorplace.com - 16 hours ago This is exciting news for AMD stock investors, as it seems to alleviate some of the concerns about a potential correction in the relatively near future.A Glimpse into Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.'s  Zen Revival, Apple Inc.'s ... - Smarter AnalystAMD: Shorts Not Impressed By Ryzen - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Triforce: Intel, Nvidia, And AMD - Which To Buy? Seeking Alpha - 13 hours ago Intel, Nvidia, and AMD all have fantastic business stories. We're going to evaluate them under a value investor's lens."
p3
aS'Will Ryzen Cue A Blow-Off Top In AMD? Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  stock has hit a bit of a roadblock recently. The stock topped out at $15.20 in late February but has dropped back to the $13.70 level over the past month or so.'
p4
aS'Marshall Wace Bets Against Semiconductors: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 24, 2017 Interestingly enough, Marshall Wace has become less upbeat on semiconductors, choosing to lower stakes in the following three chip giants: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Micron Technology, Inc. , and NVIDIA Corporation&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'AMD Stock Short Interest Soars To Record High On Ryzen Chip Problems ValueWalk - Mar 24, 2017 AMD stock is up nearly 400% over the last 12 months as the company continued to surprise investors and analysts with its results, but issues with the new Ryzen chips now threaten to derail all that progress.AMD: All You Were Afraid To Ask - Seeking AlphaAMD Confirms It: Ryzen CPUs Are Locking Up PCs - Investorplace.com'
p6
aS"Top Analysts See Massive Industry Potential for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 22, 2017 Two of Wall Street's best-performing analysts are out with glimmering forecasts on two leading chip giants: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and NVIDIA Corporation . Jefferies is lifting sales projections on AMD, as the analyst&nbsp;...Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Stock Is a Darling. Now Sell It - Investorplace.comAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc  May Spark A Shift In The Mainstream ... - Journal Transcript"
p7
aS"If You Love Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., You Should Check Out Broadcom Ltd. Motley Fool - Mar 19, 2017 The ticker sports enormous trading volumes and equally impressive amounts of investor chatter, and all for good reason: AMD shares have gained an outrageous 440% over the last 52 weeks, producing huge returns for investors. But maybe it's time to&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. : An Examination Of The Chart For Today's ... NY Stock News - 12 hours ago Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p9
aS"Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Announces Ryzen 5 CPUs to Launch Worldwide ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  announced Ryzen 5 desktop processors will launch worldwide on April 11, 2017, offering disruptive price-to-performance for gamers and creators.Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Brings Zen To Mainstream Gamers With ... - FinancialsTrendAMD Update: Ryzen 5 Poses A Challenge on Intel's Kaby Lake Core on PC - Droid Report"
p10
a.