(lp0
S"Amedisys Brings In Christopher Gerard As New Chief Operating Officer GlobeNewswire  - Nov 4, 2016 BATON ROUGE, La., Nov. 04, 2016  -- Amedisys, Inc. , a leading home health, hospice and personal care company, announced today that industry leader Christopher Gerard will join the Company as Chief Operating&nbsp;...AMEDISYS'  CEO Paul Kusserow on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaAmedisys reports third-quarter profit, announces new chief operating officer - The Advocate"
p1
aS'Amedisys Welcomes David Mikula as Chief Development Officer GlobeNewswire  - Jan 30, 2017 BATON ROUGE, La., Jan. 30, 2017  -- Amedisys, Inc. , a leading home health, hospice and personal care company, announced today that David Mikula will join the Company as Chief Development Officer, effective&nbsp;...Amedisys Taps Former Kindred Exec to Lead Development Efforts - Home Health Care NewsAmedisys adds C-level exec to downtown office - Nashville Post '
p2
aS"Amedisys Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Home Staff, LLC GlobeNewswire  - Dec 19, 2016 BATON ROUGE, La., Dec. 19, 2016  -- Amedisys, Inc. , one of the nation's leading home health care and hospice companies, today announced that its subsidiary, Associated Home Care, has signed a definitive&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Louisiana health giant Amedisys acquires second Mass. home health firm Boston Business Journal  - Aug 1, 2016 One of the nation's largest publicly traded home health and hospice providers has acquired a second Massachusetts senior care business, with Louisiana-based Amedisys Inc. acquiring Danvers-based Professional Profiles Inc. in a $4.4 million deal. The ...Amedisys Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Professional Profiles, Inc. - GlobeNewswire Amedisys Expands Private Duty Footprint With $4.4 Million Acquisition - Home Health Care News"
p4
aS"Amedisys Closes On Acquisition of Home Staff, LLC GlobeNewswire  - Feb 2, 2017 BATON ROUGE, La., Feb. 02, 2017  -- Amedisys, Inc. , one of the nation's leading home health care and hospice companies, today announced that its subsidiary, Associated Home Care, has closed on its acquisition of&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Amedisys Inc versus CorVel Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago CorVel Corporation has a higher fundamental rating then Amedisys Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p6
aS'Amedisys Inc  Position Maintained by State Board of Administration of ... The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Amedisys logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System continued to hold its stake in shares of Amedisys Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 19,565 shares of ...Amedisys Inc  Shares Bought by State Street Corp - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Amedisys Unveils Heart Failure Program During American Heart Month GlobeNewswire  - Feb 1, 2017 Amedisys, Inc. is a leading healthcare at home Company delivering personalized home health, hospice and personal care.'
p8
aS"Amedisys Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Six Home Health and Hospice ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 1, 2017 BATON ROUGE, La., March 01, 2017  -- Amedisys, Inc. , one of the nation's leading home health care, hospice and personal care companies, today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Tenet&nbsp;...Amedisys acquiring 6 home health, hospice centers in Ariz., Ill., Mass., Texas ... - The AdvocateBRIEF-Amedisys announces definitive agreement to acquire six home health and ... - Reuters"
p9
aS"Amedisys Closes Professional Profiles Acquisition GlobeNewswire  - Sep 2, 2016 BATON ROUGE, La., Sept. 02, 2016  -- Amedisys, Inc. , one of America's leading home health and hospice companies, as of September 1, 2016, has closed on the previously announced acquisition of Professional&nbsp;..."
p10
a.