(lp0
S'Affiliated Managers Group Inc.  Rises 2.96% for March 28 Equities.com - 10 hours ago Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Tuesday March 28 was Affiliated Managers Group Inc. , popping some 2.96% to a price of $163.70 a share with some 456,960 shares trading hands.Trading Watch: Checking in on Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  - Providence StandardShould You Buy Or Sell Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  On Analyst ... - NewsDen'
p1
aS'Investor Alert: Price Target Predictions for Affiliated Managers Group, Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 10 hours ago Covering equity analysts have a near-term target price of $N/A on shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. .'
p2
aS'Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy on Affiliated Managers ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. is an asset management company with equity investments in boutique investment management firms .Latest Stocks: The TheStreet Upgrades Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  to B - Petro Global News 24Stock Returns: Ameriprise Financial Inc  is Beating Affiliated ... - CML News'
p3
aS'Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 6, 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 07, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.2 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 23, 2017.Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  Shares Upgraded To Hold - Stock Market Daily'
p4
aS"Affiliated Managers Group Finishes 2016 Strong, Sets First Dividend Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 Affiliated Managers Group's fourth-quarter results reflected the tough conditions in the financial industry and the company's efforts at overcoming them. Revenue was down 7% to $550.3 million, and that was worse than the roughly 4.5% decline that most&nbsp;...Affiliated Managers Group's  CEO Sean Healey on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking AlphaAMG Announces Initiation of Cash Dividend and Increase in Share Repurchase ... - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Shares in Focus: Affiliated Managers Group Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Investors may want to examine some technical indicators when studying a stock. Currently, the 14-day Commodity Channel Index  for Affiliated Managers Group Inc  is sitting at -69.62. CCI is an indicator used in technical analysis that was&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Affiliated Managers Group: Investment Manager Highlight  Investopedia - Apr 9, 2016 is a multinational investment manager headquartered in West Palm Beach, Florida. The company employs a multi-affiliate business model under which it takes equity stakes in specialty boutique investment firms, which then continue operating independently&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Affiliated Managers Group: A Bet That Active Management Is Not Dying Seeking Alpha - Jan 12, 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  is a global asset management company which purchases equity stakes in other asset management firms.'
p8
aS'EdgePoint Investment Group Inc. Buys Affiliated Managers Group, Manulife ... GuruFocus.com - Feb 14, 2017 Toronto, A6, based Investment company EdgePoint Investment Group Inc. buys Affiliated Managers Group, Manulife Financial, Osisko Gold Royalties, Fiserv, sells WESCO International, American International Group, Arista Networks, Pegasystems, Gran&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Affiliated Managers Group Inc  CEO and Chairman Sean M Healey Sold $9.6 ... GuruFocus.com - Dec 17, 2016 Affiliated Managers Group Inc., is an asset management company with equity investments in a group of boutique investment management firms or Affiliates.AMG Appoints Hugh Cutler as Head of Global Distribution - Business Wire Affiliated Managers Expands Wealth Portfolio and Managed Assets - Market Realist'
p10
a.