(lp0
S"3 Big Stock Charts for Tuesday: Alphabet Inc , Amgen, Inc.  and ... Investorplace.com - 16 hours ago Today's three big stock charts looks at the price musings of United Parcel Service, Inc. , Alphabet Inc  and Amgen, Inc.  as three stocks that are facing similarly critical tests of their technical&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Amgen: A Compelling Price On The Latest Dip Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Recent news on Repatha data has pushed the stock down 10% from recent highs, providing an attractive entry point for investors. Amgen has a current yield of 2.77% and increased its dividend every year since inception .'
p2
aS'Amgen says some workers will move from California to Cambridge The Boston Globe - Mar 27, 2017 Biotech giant Amgen Inc. will transfer an unspecified number of employees to its Cambridge research center as part of a corporate restructuring, the company said Monday.Amgen announces layoffs and relocations in Thousand Oaks - Ventura County StarAmgen to move or cut nearly 500 jobs in Thousand Oaks - L.A. Biz'
p3
aS'Amgen Inc.  Is Sinking Despite Study Results Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017  - Amgen Inc.  announced Friday morning that the 27,564-patient Repatha or evolocumab cardiovascular outcomes study, FOURIER, established for the first time that maximally reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol &nbsp;...BUZZ-Amgen Inc: Data on cholesterol drug gives investors heartburn - Times of IndiaAmgen Inc.  Sank To A 1-Month Low After Repatha Study - RTT News'
p4
aS"BRIEF-Amgen Inc reports four-year follow-up results from Repatha Osler-1 study Reuters - Mar 14, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Industry And Dark Pool Traders Bearish On Amgen Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Investor's Business Daily reported on Thursday that representatives from rival biotechs argue Sanofi and Regeneron's new cholesterol drug can beat Amgen's Repatha. Hedge funds and other institutions trading in dark pools have been bearish on Amgen&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"The Bears And Bulls Square Off On Amgen Inc.  NY Stock News - 13 hours ago Amgen Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p7
aS"Featured Stock to Focus: Amgen Inc.  HugoPress - 18 hours ago UBS Initiates Coverage On Amgen Inc. 's stock to Neutral with the price target of $185. This rating was issued on 3/09/17.Latest Stocks: The Amgen, Inc.  Upgraded at Vetr Inc. - Petro Global News 24Amgen, Inc.  Shares Bought by Freestone Capital Holdings LLC - The Cerbat Gem"
p8
aS'BRIEF-Amgen inc says to present new kyprolis and xgeva data Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 TORONTO, March 27 Unitholders of Milestone Apartments Real Estate Investment Trust have approved the takeover of the company by U.S.'
p9
aS"Does Amgen Offer a Great Value Buying Opportunity Right Now? Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p10
a.