(lp0
S'Watching the Numbers for American Midstream Partners LP  Baxter Review - 12 hours ago At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for American Midstream Partners LP  is standing at 26.52. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p1
aS"American Midstream Partners Announces Successful Completion of Merger with JP ... BOE Report  - Mar 8, 2017 HOUSTONAmerican Midstream Partners, LP   and JP Energy Partners LP   today announced the successful completion of the previously announced&nbsp;...New-to-Houston energy co. names new COO - Houston Business JournalWhat Investors Should Know About American Midstream Partners LP's (AMID ... - Simply Wall St"
p2
aS"New-to-Houston energy co. to buy Dallas-based energy co. Houston Business Journal - Oct 24, 2016 A energy company that recently relocated to Houston plans to scoop up a Dallas-based energy company. American Midstream Partners LP , formerly based in Denver, announced it's acquiring JP Energy Partners LP  in an&nbsp;...Two oil pipeline companies are combining in a $2 billion deal - Business Insider"
p3
aS'Rapidly Growing American Midstream Partners LP Is Under Construction Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 American Midstream  has been steadily acquiring assets over the last few years. Rapid growth has its own risks. First the ability to control costs requires far more effort during rapid growth periods and there is the possibility that the ...Noble Midstream Partners Names Martin Salinas, Jr. and Hallie Vanderhider to ... - BOE Report Energy Transfer Partners Closes on Previously Announced Acquisition of Certain ... - Business Wire '
p4
aS'Guess Who Picked Up American Midstream Partners Lp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 13, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , American Midstream Partners Lp  reported that Magnolia Infrastructure Holdings, Llc.Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Stake in American Midstream Partners LP  - The Cerbat GemThe American Midstream Partners LP  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment ... - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS'MLP Bottom Fishing 6: American Midstream Partners LP Seeking Alpha - Apr 18, 2016 American Midstream Partners LP  is another beaten down Master Limited Partnership . AMID closed Friday at $7.33 and currently pays an annual distribution of $1.89 for a distribution yield of 25.8%.'
p6
aS'American Midstream Says Ajax Breached $44M Gas Agreement Law360  - Jun 14, 2016 Law360, Houston  -- American Midstream Partners LP told a Texas state judge Monday that a producer violated their 10-year agreement related to gas produced in a West Texas field and now is trying to enter an agreement with&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Involving ... Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 NEW YORK----Levi &amp; Korsinsky announces it has commenced an investigation of American Midstream Partners, LP  concerning possible violations of federal securities laws. On March 17, 2017, American Midstream&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Brokerage Expectations in Focus for American Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:AMID ... Sherwood Daily - 16 hours ago Sell-side analysts are offering a consensus Buy rating on shares of American Midstream Partners, LP .'
p9
aS'American Midstream pulling up stakes in Denver, moving to Houston Denver Business Journal - Jul 11, 2016 The new CFO is Eric T. Kalamaras, who most recently was EVP and CFO of Azure Midstream Partners LP. Previously he was CFO at Valerus Energy Holdings, Delphi Midstream Partners and Atlas Pipeline Partners LP. It was unclear how many employees&nbsp;...American Midstream Appoints Eric T. Kalamaras as Senior Vice President and ... - Business Wire Denver energy company moving HQ to Houston - Houston Business Journal'
p10
a.