(lp0
S'Amazon.com, Inc. Puts Its Cashier-Less Grocery Concept on Hold Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 In December 2016, Amazon.com  wrapped up the year with the surprise launch of a small convenience-style grocery store concept with a checkout-free shopping experience the e-commerce giant called, &quot;Just Walk Out Shopping.Why Is Amazon.com, Inc.  Testing Drive-Up Grocery Service? - Market ExclusiveAmazon.com, Inc.  Delays Launch of Amazon Go Grocery Store - Investorplace.com'
p1
aS"Brazilian mayor takes issue with Amazon.com in graffiti debate Reuters - 9 hours ago SAO PAULO Amazon.com Inc dove into a spirited debate about graffiti in Brazil's biggest city, drawing a pointed response on Tuesday from Sao Paulo's mayor, who called the company &quot;opportunist&quot; and challenged it to make a public donation."
p2
aS"Why Amazon.com, Inc.  Sees Groceries as Its Holy Grail Investorplace.com - 16 hours ago Most investors think Amazon.com, Inc.  can do no wrong. This is a stance you should be suspicious of, just as you're suspicious when people say a company with a track record of profit can suddenly do nothing right.Jeff Bezos Is Just Getting Started - Seeking AlphaIs It Time to go for Amazon.com, Inc. , The Boeing Company ? - StockNewsJournal"
p3
aS'Amazon to Buy Middle East e-Commerce site Souq.com MarketWatch - 21 hours ago DUBAIAmazon.com Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring Dubai-based Souq.com, placing one of its biggest global bets in recent years on the small but rapidly expanding Middle Eastern online shopping market.Amazon Buys Souq.com as Middle East Online Market Takes Off - BloombergAmazon.com, Inc. Completes Acquisition Of SOUQ.com, As Expected - StockNews.com '
p4
aS'3 Stocks to Watch on Tuesday: Amazon.com, Inc. , Darden Restaurants, Inc ... Investorplace.com - 20 hours ago Monday had the potential to be an ugly day, with the major indices plunging at the open. However, after a broad recovery, the S&amp;P 500 Index managed to salvage a mere 0.1% slip, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.2% - though it extended its losing&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Amazon.com, Inc.  to Open New Fulfillment Center in Virginia Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago On Tuesday, Amazon.com, Inc.  announced plans to open a new fulfillment center in Virginia. The online retailing giant said that the fulfillment center, located in Clear Brook, will create more than 1,000 full-time associate roles.Amazon Announces New Fulfillment Center in Virginia - Business Wire '
p6
aS"Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Microsoft Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 They're Amazon.com  and Microsoft . And they're vastly different companies in terms of their core operational focuses, their recent histories, and their cultures."
p7
aS'Amazon.com, Inc.  Stock Continues to Impress Investorplace.com - Mar 24, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc.  can be safely described as a juggernaut. I know that term gets thrown around a lot with hot growth stocks, but AMZN has been on a roll for years at this point and its momentum seems to be growing with every quarter.Amazon.com, Inc.  CEO Jeff Bezos Passes Warren Buffett For Third ... - Market Exclusive'
p8
aS'Amazon.com wins $1.5 billion tax dispute over IRS Reuters - Mar 23, 2017 Amazon.com Inc on Thursday won a more than $1.5 billion tax dispute with the Internal Revenue Service over transactions involving a Luxembourg unit more than a decade ago.Amazon wins multimillion dollar transfer-pricing dispute with IRS - Journal of AccountancyAmazon beats IRS in $1.5B tax case - Seeking Alpha'
p9
aS'AMZN Stock: A $10 Billion Revenue Opportunity For Amazon.com Inc Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 As we have said earlier, these engines of growth are likely to continue their performance going forward making AMZN stock a good buy.Amazon Launches Alexa Voice Shopping Through Prime Now - Quick Facts - Markets Insider'
p10
a.