(lp0
S'Better Buy: Apache Corp. vs. Andarko Motley Fool - 13 hours ago And the stocks of drillers Apache Corporation  and Andarko Petroleum  both beat the market last year, thanks to a big Permian Basin find by Apache and savvy portfolio management by Andarko.'
p1
aS'Why Is Apache Corp  Down 5.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - 18 hours ago A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Apache Corporation APA . Shares have lost about 5.2% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Big Banks Continue to be Large Stakeholders in Apache Corporation  - Midway Monitor'
p2
aS'Apache Corporation  Rises 3.02% for March 28 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Tuesday March 28 was Apache Corporation , popping some 3.02% to a price of $51.22 a share with some 3.06 million shares trading hands.'
p3
aS'Critical Chart Information For Apache Corporation  NY Stock News - Mar 27, 2017 The technicals for Apache Corporation  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p4
aS'This Is What The Chart For Apache Corporation  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - 14 hours ago The technicals for Apache Corporation  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p5
aS'Apache Is Selling At A Discount - Wait Or Plunge In? Seeking Alpha - Mar 4, 2017 Apache Corporation  did set itself up for some failure when it announced the potential its discovery at Alpine High represented, with the market rewarding it for the growth possibilities in the years ahead.'
p6
aS'Apache Corporation Risk Points versus Energy CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Apache Corporation  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.'
p7
aS'Analyst Downgrades  Apache Corporation  Stock Gets Downgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Feb 28, 2017 Today, Apache Corporation  stock was downgraded by Bank of America Corp from Underperform to . There are 3 sell ratings, 16 hold ratings, 4 buy ratings on the stock.Apache downgraded at Barclays on reduced oil growth view - Seeking AlphaDigging Up the Facts on Apache Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p8
aS"Apache Corporation's  stock price is now Worth at $49.72 and How much it ... Hot Stocks Point - 16 hours ago Apache Corporation , a part of Basic Materials sector and belongs to Independent Oil &amp; Gas industry; ended its day with loss -1.04% and finalized at the price of $49.72."
p9
aS'Apache Is Abandoning Free Cash Flows, And It Makes Sense Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 Apache generated enough cash flows last year to fully fund its CapEx and dividends, unlike a vast majority of its peers. But following the improvement in oil prices, the company has decided to increase CapEx by 60%, which will likely lead to negative ...'
p10
a.