(lp0
S'Anadarko cuts jobs tied to recently sold assets Houston Business Journal - Mar 24, 2017 The Woodlands-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp.  cut about 60 jobs on March 23, spokesman John Christiansen confirmed to the Houston Business Journal.'
p1
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Anadarko Petroleum Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p2
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Anadarko Petroleum Corporation , TechnipFMC plc ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Anadarko Petroleum Corporation declined in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free ObserverFeatured Stock Overview: Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  - HugoPress"
p3
aS'Anadarko: Bleeding Deepens, Accelerates Asset Sales Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Anadarko Petroleum Corporation is an independent exploration and production company which has struggled as of late, not being able to have a positive income despite oil reaching $50.Checking the Overall Picture for Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  - StockNewsJournalAnadarko Petroleum Corporation  held by 165 SEC 13F Filers - Post Analyst'
p4
aS'Anadarko Petroleum: A Promising Turnaround Stock Seeking Alpha - Mar 11, 2017 But the company has recently closed a major asset sale that has significantly reduced its net debt. The company is also eyeing a more than 20% increase in oil production this year when oil prices could average around $55 a barrel.Anadarko Petroleum to drill hundreds of new wells in northeast Colorado - FOX31 DenverOil and gas giant expects to spend $840 million in Colorado this year - Denver Business Journal'
p5
aS'Exclusive: Shell and Anadarko mull clean break from Permian venture - executive Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 L) and Anadarko Petroleum Corp  may let a 10-year joint venture in the oil-rich Permian Basin of Texas expire and split their properties, hoping to speed up development, according to a senior Shell executive.Shell, Anadarko reportedly consider splitting Permian JV - Houston Business JournalRoyal Dutch Shell plc  and Anadarko Petroleum 10-year joint ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p6
aS'Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  Is Trying To Tell Investors Something ... NY Stock News - 14 hours ago The technicals for Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p7
aS'How Does Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Independent Oil &amp; Gas.Institutional Investors Remain the Majority Holders of Company Stock: Anadarko ... - Midway MonitorTrading Focus: Checking ATR Levels for Anadarko Petroleum Corp  - Providence Standard'
p8
aS"How To YieldBoost Anadarko Petroleum Corp From 0.3% To 6.2% Using Options Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Shareholders of Anadarko Petroleum Corp  looking to boost their income beyond the stock's 0.3% annualized dividend yield can sell the January 2018 covered call at the $72.50 strike and collect the premium based on the $3.05 bid, which&nbsp;...Anadarko Petroleum, Jones Energy: A&amp;D In The Air - Oil and Gas Investor Earnings Growth Research: Coach, Inc. , Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  - USA Commerce Daily"
p9
aS'Anadarko Petroleum Corporation versus Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation Head to Head ... CML News - 15 hours ago Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Anadarko Petroleum Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p10
a.