(lp0
S"American Public Education Is Textbook Undervalued Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 American Public Education , provides post secondary education. The segments that they operate in are: American Public Education, and the Hondros College of Nursing. APEI's most recent earnings call was November 7th. Closing on&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Market View: Looking at the Technicals for American Public Education, Inc ... The Standard - 14 hours ago Looking at shares of American Public Education, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 283644.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Cuts Position in ... - The Cerbat GemAmerican Public Education, Inc.  Downgraded to Strong Sell at Zacks ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'Analyst Issued Price Target in Spotlight for American Public Education, Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago Covering equity analysts have a near-term target price of $24 on shares of American Public Education, Inc. .'
p3
aS'American Public Education posts 4Q profit Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 CHARLES TOWN, W.Va.  _ American Public Education Inc.  on Tuesday reported fourth-quarter earnings of $6.9 million.American Public Education, Inc.  earnings reaction history in focus - Post AnalystAmerican Public  Misses Q4 Earnings, Enrollment Down - Nasdaq'
p4
aS"Is American Public Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About ... Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 The direct benefit for American Public Education Inc , which sports a zero-debt capital structure, to include debt in its capital structure is the reduced cost of capital.Equities Analysts Set Expectations for American Public Education, Inc.'s Q1 ... - Chaffey BreezeFirst Analysis Comments on American Public Education, Inc.'s Q1 2017 Earnings ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS'Option Market Alert: American Public Education Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that American Public Education Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p6
aS'American Public Education : Moving Average Crossover Alert March 13, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 13, 2017 American Public Education, Inc.  could be a stock to avoid from a technical perspective, as the firm is seeing unfavorable trends on the moving average crossover front.American Public Education, Inc.  Stake Raised by Thrivent Financial for ... - Chaffey BreezeThe American Public Education, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS"American Public Education, Inc. : A look at Yield &amp; Technicals TCT - 14 hours ago The EBITDA Yield for American Public Education, Inc.  is 24.10%. This number is calculated by dividing a company's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization by the company's enterprise value."
p8
aS'Stock Returns: American Public Education Inc  versus Bridgepoint ... CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for American Public Education Inc  versus Bridgepoint Education Inc  .'
p9
aS"Option Market: American Public Education Inc Risk Hits A Weakened Level CML News - Mar 3, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for American Public Education ..."
p10
a.