(lp0
S'American Woodmark Corporation versus Apogee Enterprises Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago American Woodmark Corporation has a higher fundamental rating than Apogee Enterprises Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p1
aS"Apogee Enterprises Inc. APOG  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p2
aS'Apogee Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock Quote &amp; Summary Data Nasdaq - Aug 18, 2011 Apogee Enterprises, Inc.  was incorporated under the laws of the State of Minnesota in 1949.'
p3
aS'CEO Pay Watch: Joseph Puishys, Apogee Enterprises Inc. Minneapolis Star Tribune - May 15, 2014 Edina-based Apogee, which fabricates, distributes and installs glass products and systems, had a banner year as annual sales increased 10 percent to $737 million and earnings per share increased 42 percent to 95 cents per share.'
p4
aS'Reviewing the Numbers for Apogee Enterprises, Inc.  Rives Journal - 10 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Apogee Enterprises, Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.388545.'
p5
aS'Apogee Enterprises Inc  Position Cut by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Apogee Enterprises logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY reduced its position in shares of Apogee Enterprises Inc  by 2.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Apogee Enterprises, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardThrivent Financial for Lutherans Buys 780 Shares of Apogee Enterprises Inc  - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS"Apogee Enterprises  Announces Acquisition of Sotawall Inc. Assets for $135M StreetInsider.com - Dec 14, 2016 Apogee Enterprises, Inc.  announced today that it has acquired the assets of privately-held Sotawall Inc., a leading designer and fabricator of high-performance, unitized curtainwall systems for commercial construction projects in North&nbsp;...Apogee Enterprises'  CEO Joe Puishys on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaApogee Enterprises, Inc.  announces third-quarter 2017 financial ... - Blasting News"
p7
aS'Opportunity In Apogee Should Not Be Overlooked Seeking Alpha - Sep 23, 2016 Viracon is a member of the Architectural Products and Services segment of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. Architectural Services - Design, engineer, fabricate and install glass walls and windows.'
p8
aS"BRIEF-Apogee Enterprises acquires curtainwall company, Sotawall Inc Reuters - Dec 14, 2016 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Apogee Enterprises'  CEO Joseph Puishys on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Sep 15, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2017 Apogee Enterprises Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.Apogee Enterprises  Stock Falls Despite Strong Q2 Results, Guidance - TheStreet.com"
p10
a.