(lp0
S"Aradigm Corp.  Announces Mixed Results from Two Pulmaquin Phase 3s in ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 1, 2016 Aradigm Corporation  announced top-line results from its two Phase 3 clinical trials  evaluating the safety and efficacy of Pulmaquin, the Company's investigational proprietary formulation of once daily ciprofloxacin ..."
p1
aS'Aradigm Corp. MarketWatch - Apr 21, 2011 MarketWatch News on ARDM. Aradigm Corp. drops 54% in pre-market trade on results of two late-stage clinical trials. 9:41 a.m.'
p2
aS'6 Reasons Aradigm Corporation Is An Excellent Risk Vs. Reward Opportunity Seeking Alpha  - Aug 8, 2014 Yet, we managed to discover an intriguing biotech small cap with an excellent risk vs. reward profile called Aradigm Corporation . This company possesses exactly the right features that made us aggressively buy shares in the open market:.'
p3
aS"Aradigm Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 and Full Year Financial Results Business Wire  - 19 hours ago The Company intends to use the $20.7 million in net proceeds from the offering to fund the clinical development and potential regulatory submission for licensure of Pulmaquin and for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2016, the Company's&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"3 Reasons Why Aradigm Corporation  is a Great Momentum Stock September ... Zacks.com - Sep 22, 2016 This method discovered several great candidates for momentum-oriented investors, but today let's focus in on Aradigm Corporation as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous ways in which this company could be ..."
p5
aS"Don't Write Off Aradigm Corporation  Just Yet Market Exclusive - Dec 2, 2016 A number of small cap biotech companies took a hit on their market capitalization on Thursday, but none more sharply than Aradigm Corporation . The company put out some data relating to its lead investigational asset, Pulmaquin, and&nbsp;...Pulmaquin failure halves Aradigm's value - The Pharma Letter "
p6
aS'Street Consensus Update on Aradigm Corporation  Acorn Energy, Inc ... Rives Journal - 16 hours ago Stock research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Aradigm Corporation . Analysts are projecting that the stock will reach $7.50 on a short term  basis.Aradigm Corporation  Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AXDX ... - Davidson RegisterUnder the Microscope We Place Shares of Aradigm Corporation  - Morgan Research'
p7
aS'Aradigm Corporation  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Feb 9, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Aradigm Corporation  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p8
aS"The Market Is Underestimating The Potential Of Aradigm's Lead Product Candidate Seeking Alpha  - Sep 24, 2014 Aradigm Corporation  is a Hayward, California-based biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of drugs delivered by inhalation for the severe respiratory diseases."
p9
aS'Grifols, SA and Aradigm Corporation Announce Signing of Worldwide Licensing ... Business Wire  - May 21, 2013 BARCELONA, Spain &amp; HAYWARD, Calif.----Grifols, S.A.   and Aradigm Corporation   today announced the signing of an exclusive, worldwide license&nbsp;...'
p10
a.