(lp0
S'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc  Breaks into New 52-Week High ... Equities.com - 10 hours ago Shares of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc  broke into a new 52-week high yesterday, hitting a peak of $19.03.Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... - NasdaqApollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.  hit its 52 Week low of $15 ... - The Newburgh Press'
p1
aS'Inspecting more closely technicals of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance ... USA Commerce Daily - 17 hours ago With all other things going on, Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 10.71 percent in just three months.'
p2
aS"Breaking My 'A-Team' Into Pieces - Part V - Apollo Commercial Real Estate ... Seeking Alpha - May 19, 2016 This is the fifth out of ten parts in this series, featuring Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Each article in this series includes a comprehensive review of the featured company: Background, profile and activities, current trends, main ..."
p3
aS'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces the Appointment of Jai ... Business Wire  - May 23, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.  , today announced the Board of Directors appointed Jai Agarwal to the positions of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 We are extremely proud of ARI's financial performance in 2016, a year in which the Company committed to and funded approximately $1.4 billion of commercial real estate loans and grew its equity market capitalization to over $2.0 billion, said Stuart&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. Receives Stockholder Approval to Be Acquired ... Business Wire  - Aug 24, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the common stockholders of AMTG approved the proposed acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces Purchase Price ... Business Wire  - Jul 26, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the aggregate consideration to be paid in connection with the acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc  Breaks into New 52-Week High ... Equities.com - Mar 23, 2017 Shares of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc  broke into a new 52-week high yesterday, hitting a peak of $18.72.Analyst's Predictions on Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. (ARI ... - StockNewsJournalSell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc ... - The USA Commerce"
p8
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces 2017 Annual Meeting of ... Business Wire  - Feb 27, 2017 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   today announced the Board of Directors set March 15, 2017 as the record date for the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance's  CEO Stuart Rothstein on Q4 2016 ... - Seeking AlphaAnalyst Activity  Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods Reiterates Hold on Apollo ... - Market Exclusive"
p9
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance - Double Hedge Against Rate Hikes - 11.3 ... Seeking Alpha - Sep 6, 2016 A new U.S. Interest Rate hike seems to be imminent. Making the right investment decisions can help boost your portfolio's profitability."
p10
a.