(lp0
S'Examining the Numbers on Shares of ARRIS International plc  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago ARRIS International plc  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.226726. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p1
aS"Just the Facts on ARRIS International plc  StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 ARRIS International plc  is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Communication Equipment. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $26.62, down from yesterday's close by -0.19%.Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: ARRIS International plc , Incyte ... - The USA CommerceHot Stock to Watch: ARRIS International plc  - HugoPress"
p2
aS'ARRIS International plc Profit Climbs 64% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 22, 2017  - ARRIS International plc  revealed earnings for its fourth quarter that climbed from last year. The company said its bottom line came in at $152.91 million, or $0.79 per share.'
p3
aS"A Favorite Among Institutions: ARRIS International plc  Midway Monitor - 11 hours ago ARRIS International plc 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late. Institutions are currently holders of 87.00% of the shares.Right time to invest?  LendingClub Corporation , ARRIS International plc ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p4
aS'Market View: Checking on the Technicals for ARRIS International plc  The Standard - Mar 28, 2017 Tracking shares of ARRIS International plc , the company has a current EV  of 7394494. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.Keeping Tabs on Shares of ARRIS International plc  - Searcy News'
p5
aS'ARRIS INTERNATIONAL PLC Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 At an event held by ARRIS International plc  on March 23, 2017, information was presented to investors that may not have been previously publicly available, including an update on financial guidance for the first quarter 2017, financial ...'
p6
aS"Arris International Plc: Goldman upgrades to 'buy' Times of India - Mar 14, 2017 &quot;As Arris' revenue shifts towards N&amp;C  and away from in-home CPE  ... we expect upward estimate revisions and multiple expansion.&quot; - Goldman analysts. ** Analysts add that N&amp;C segment is poised for&nbsp;...ARRIS International plc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 - Equities.comSell-Side Analyst's Predictions: ARRIS International plc , New ... - The USA Commerce"
p7
aS'ARRIS International plc versus NetScout Systems Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 18 hours ago ARRIS International plc has a higher fundamental rating than NetScout Systems Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p8
aS"Traders Secrets on Discovery Communications, Inc. , ARRIS International ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 20, 2017 ARRIS International plc , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 0.19, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.ARRIS International plc  Lifted to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc - BNB Daily Goldman Sachs Upgrades ARRIS International plc to Buy with Price Target $32 - Money Flow Index & Trends"
p9
aS"Is It Time to go for ARRIS International plc , Cirrus Logic, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 8, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of ARRIS International plc  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 0.19 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p10
a.