(lp0
S'Pinnacle Entertainment Completes Acquisition of Ameristar Casinos, Inc. GlobeNewswire  - Aug 14, 2013 LAS VEGAS, Aug. 14, 2013  -- Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.   announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Ameristar Casinos, Inc.  . As previously&nbsp;...Pinnacle Entertainment completes $2.8 billion buyout of Ameristar Casinos - Las Vegas Review-JournalSt. Louis Casinos Down 10.6% To $86m In July - Online Poker.net'
p1
aS"Ameristar Casinos completes purchase of former Westinghouse site in ... MassLive.com - Jan 25, 2012 ... Springfield for a possible $500 million casino resort. After completing due diligence over the past couple of months, Ameristar Casinos, Inc. of Las Vegas purchased the land for $16 million from an affiliate of the O'Connell Development Group Inc ..."
p2
aS"Springfield casino plan draws 450 to hear Ameristar Casinos preview MassLive.com - Dec 7, 2011 View full sizeThe Republican | Don TreegerAmeristar Casinos Inc. CEO Gordon R. Kanofsky speaks to an overflow crowd that attended an East Springfield Neighborhood Council meeting Tuesday night at Mary Mother of Hope Church to hear Ameristar's&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Pinnacle Entertainment's Ameristar Casino Resort Spa St. Charles and River ... Nasdaq - 13 hours ago LOUIS, March 28, 2017  -- Ameristar Casino Resort Spa St. Charles and River City Casino &amp; Hotel in South County have earned the prestigious AAA Four Diamond rating, ranking them among the nation's elite hotels with the highest standards ..."
p4
aS'Ameristar Casinos drops plans for Springfield casino MassLive.com - Nov 30, 2012 LAS VEGAS, NEV. and SPRINGFIELD, MASS., Friday, Nov. 30, 2012Ameristar Casinos, Inc.  announced today it has decided to terminate its efforts to seek a casino license in western Massachusetts.'
p5
aS"Ameristar Casino dealt to new owner in $869 million deal nwitimes.com - Dec 21, 2012 Pinnacle CEO Anthony Sanfilippo, during a morning conference call with Wall Street analysts, said Pinnacle will stay with current branding for the casinos it acquires for &quot;at least the foreseeable future.&quot; That means the Ameristar name should stay on ...Pinnacle to Buy Ameristar Casinos for $869 Million - New York TimesAmeristar purchase would double Pinnacle's size - STLtoday.com"
p6
aS'Golden Nugget to Acquire Ameristar Casino Lake Charles Development Project ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2013 HOUSTON and LAS VEGAS, July 25, 2013  -- Golden Nugget and Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.  announced today that the companies have entered into a definitive agreement whereby Golden Nugget will acquire all of the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Union fights sale of Ameristar Casino property nwitimes.com - Apr 1, 2016 ... will ask a state administrative law judge to rule that the union is adversely affected by Indiana Gaming Commission approval for Pinnacle to sell its real property to Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc., while Pinnacle remains Ameristar Casino's ..."
p8
aS"Real estate firm buys Ameristar casino in East Chicago nwitimes.com - Jul 21, 2015 EAST CHICAGO | The real estate investment trust Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc. has reached an agreement to buy Pinnacle's casinos, which include Ameristar in East Chicago. The merged company will become the third largest publicly traded real&nbsp;...Pinnacle sells real estate, maintains casino, hotel operations - Chicago TribuneGaming and Leisure Properties  to Acquire Pinnacle Entertainment's (PNK ... - StreetInsider.com"
p9
aS"Newly renovated Heritage Buffet at Ameristar Casino Hotel Vicksburg opens World Casino Directory - Jun 21, 2016 Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.'s  Ameristar Casino Hotel Vicksburg recently celebrated the grand re-opening of its Heritage Buffet, which for ten consecutive years has been voted Best in Vicksburg."
p10
a.