(lp0
S"Engineering contractor WS Atkins jumps 7% on reports of possible US$4bn merger Proactive Investors UK - Jan 30, 2017 Engineering and consultancy firm WS Atkins PLC  was the top FTSE 250 gainer today, jumping 7% higher after a media report said the group had been approached about a possible US$4bn merger.CH2M approaches Britain's WS Atkins for $4 billion merger: Times - ReutersWS Atkins climbs despite silence over CH2M talk - DIGITALLOOK"
p1
aS'Checking the Levels on Shares of WS Atkins plc  The Standard - 3 hours ago Interested investors may be tracking the Piotroski F-Score. WS Atkins plc  currently has a Piotroski F-Score of 4. The aim of the F-Score is to help discover companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to eliminate the poor performers.What the Technicals Are Saying About WS Atkins plc  - Benton Bulletin'
p2
aS"Is it time to buy QinetiQ plc and WS Atkins plc after big profit rises? Motley Fool UK - Nov 17, 2016 I see engineering as a quintessential part of Britain's industrial heritage, and it's pained me to see companies in that sector suffering over the past few years of economic squeeze."
p3
aS'WS Atkins PLC  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by Analysts Sports Perspectives - 13 hours ago WS Atkins PLC logo WS Atkins PLC  has received an average recommendation of Buy from the eight research firms that are currently covering the firm.'
p4
aS'3 surprisingly cheap stocks: AstraZeneca plc, Darty plc and WS Atkins plc Motley Fool UK - Jun 16, 2016 Multi-channel electrical retailer Darty  released a rather mixed update today, with it recording lower profit but higher sales ahead of its acquisition by Groupe Fnac.'
p5
aS'Ws Atkins plc sells Polish business in 2.8m deal The Journal - Aug 18, 2014 Prof Dr Uwe Krueger, chief executive officer of Ws Atkins plc, said: The sale of our Polish business is a further step forward in the implementation of our strategy to optimise our portfolio of businesses, and focus our investment in markets where the ...'
p6
aS'Is Now The Time To Invest In BAE Systems plc, WS Atkins plc &amp; Norcros plc? The Motley Fool UK - Nov 12, 2015 Design, engineering and project management consultancy WS Atkins put out a good set of interim results this morning. Compared to a year ago, revenue rose 8.8%, underlying profit lifted by 11.3% and underlying earnings before tax surged by 19%.'
p7
aS"Why This Activist Investor Is Buying WS Atkins PLC  Shares Simply Wall St - Jan 23, 2017 Last week, London-based activist investor Royal London Asset Management reported an increased stake of 6.2% in WS Atkins PLC . While following activist investors into buying shares of a company isn't always a sound idea, finding out what they&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'WS Atkins PLC   Stock Valuation Analysis ValueWalk - Dec 28, 2015 WS Atkins is a mature enterprise with high and very stable revenues and presents great performance, even during hard times.'
p9
aS'Is WS Atkins plc  worth 15.29 based on its intrinsic value? Simply Wall St - Oct 14, 2016 I am going to run you through how I calculated the intrinsic value of WS Atkins  using a method called discounted cash flow or DCF.'
p10
a.