(lp0
S"Dialog Semiconductor Declines to Revise Bid for Atmel Corporation  StreetInsider.com - Jan 14, 2016 Dialog Semiconductor plc hereby announces that, today, its board of directors has determined not to revise its proposal to acquire Atmel Corporation  . On January 13, 2016, Atmel published that it had determined that the ...Atmel says Microchip's proposal superior to Dialog's offer - ReutersAtmel Board Determines That Microchip Unsolicited Proposal Constitutes a ... - PR Newswire "
p1
aS"FBR Maintains Outperform on Atmel Corporation; Here's Why Smarter Analyst - Jun 9, 2015 In a research report issued today, FBR analyst Christopher Rolland weighed in with a few observations on Atmel Corporation .Atmel  Stock Continues to Rise on Sale Speculation - TheStreet.comExclusive: Chipmaker Atmel exploring sale - sources - Reuters"
p2
aS'Atmel Corporation and Optofidelity Co-Operation  Handwriting Test Solution ... Business Wire  - Mar 3, 2016 HELSINKI, Finland----Atmel and OptoFidelity, both recognized leaders in touch technology space, announced their partnership today.'
p3
aS"Microchip-Atmel Merger Closing Today on Shareholders' Vote Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2016 Per the terms of the merger agreement, and given this price, Microchip will issue roughly 10.1 million shares to Atmel shareholders."
p4
aS'Atmel Corp. Soars on Acquisition by Dialog Semiconductor Motley Fool - Sep 21, 2015 So what: The acquisition of Atmel continues a trend of mergers and acquisitions in the semiconductor industry, with this year being the biggest year for semiconductor deals since 2000, according to Thomson Reuters.Dialog Shares Slump After $4.6 Billion Deal to Acquire Atmel - Bloomberg'
p5
aS'Atmel Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Feb 29, 2016 SAN JOSE, Calif., Feb. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Atmel Corporation , a leader in microcontroller and touch solutions, today announced financial results for its fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015.'
p6
aS"Is Atmel Corporation  A Worthwhile Asset? USMarketsDaily  - Sep 23, 2015 Dialog Semiconductor Plc's stock price declined 19% after the chipmaker firm reported a cash-and-stock deal to acquire Atmel Corporation , reducing the offering value and increasing the prospects that another potential buyer can come with&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Small Cap Atmel Corporation  Has the Internet of Things Covered (AMBA ... SmallCap Network - May 1, 2014 Small cap Atmel Corporation  reported earnings on Wednesday where the company talked up its role in the Internet of Things, meaning its worth taking a closer look at the stock along with the performance of some other key players in the&nbsp;...Atmel Corporation Beats Estimates; CEO Gets Excited About Internet of Things - Motley Fool'
p8
aS'Dialog Semiconductor to acquire Atmel for $4.6 Billion PR Newswire  - Sep 20, 2015 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Dialog Semiconductor  and Atmel Corporation  announced today that Dialog has agreed to acquire Atmel in a cash and stock transaction for total consideration of approximately $4.6 billion.'
p9
aS'Atmel Corporation to double staff strength in Chennai R&amp;D Business Standard - Dec 3, 2014 Speaking to reporters here today, Steven Laub, president and CEO of Atmel Corporation, said the development centre at present had 200 people and the company was planning to double it in next three to five years.Atmel Corporation to expand Chennai centre - Hindu Business Line'
p10
a.