(lp0
S"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , Cerulean ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 5.12 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at -8 ...Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  has 1 year Price Target of $10.55 - The Newburgh PressBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , WMIH Corp ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"Atwood Oceanics, Inc Rallies as These Rising Tides Lift All Boats Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Overall, optimism was the primary driver of today's rally in Atwood's stock. Higher oil prices along with bullish comments from an industry peer have investors beginning to think that the worst might be over.Revenue Growth Analysis of Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - FactsReporter"
p2
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Earnings Continue to Feel the Weight of the Oil Market ... Motley Fool - Feb 6, 2017 The deep and prolonged downturn in the offshore drilling sector continues to plague Atwood Oceanics . Revenue from two of its three offshore drilling fleets has nearly dried up, while revenue from its lucrative ultra-deepwater fleet continues ...Atwood Oceanics Inc. Announces 75% Drop In Q1 Profit - Nasdaq'
p3
aS"ATWOOD OCEANICS TO ATTEND THE 2017 SCOTIA HOWARD WEIL ENERGY CONFERENCE Nasdaq - Mar 24, 2017 HOUSTON, March 24, 2017 - Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  announced today that the Company's President and CEO, Rob Saltiel, will make a presentation to institutional investors at the 2017 Scotia Howard Weil Energy Conference on Tuesday, March&nbsp;...The Case for and Against Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalAverage Brokerage Rating Of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , People's United ... - The USA Commerce"
p4
aS'How These Oil and Gas Stocks are Faring? -- Atwood Oceanics, Patterson-UTI ... PR Newswire  - 20 hours ago Stock-Callers.com has lined up these Oil and Gas Drilling and Exploration equities for assessment: Atwood Oceanics Inc. , Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. , Antero Resources Corp.'
p5
aS'Better Buy: Seadrill Limited vs. Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 The offshore drilling market has been going through a brutal downturn, which puts tremendous pressure on drilling contractors Seadrill  and Atwood Oceanics . Unfortunately, there are few signs on the horizon that the market will&nbsp;...Unusual Volume Spikes For: Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - HugoPressAnalyst Advice And Earnings Insight: Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , The ... - Post Analyst'
p6
aS'Atwood Oceanics Inc versus Seadrill Partners LLC Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Seadrill Partners LLC has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Atwood Oceanics Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p7
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  Stock Technicals are in the neutral area USA Commerce Daily - 12 hours ago With all other things going on, Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -33.65 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS'Atwood Oceanics Inc Risk Points versus Energy CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Atwood Oceanics Inc  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.'
p9
aS'Atwood Oceanics Inc.  Soars 6.5% on March 15 Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 Atwood Oceanics Inc.  had a good day on the market for Wednesday March 15 as shares jumped 6.5% to close at $9.50. About 3.47 million shares traded hands on 18,573 trades for the day, compared with an average daily volume of 4.43 million&nbsp;...Hot Stock for Investors: Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - HugoPressAtwood Oceanics, Inc.  added to 38 new portfolios - Post Analyst'
p10
a.