(lp0
S'BRIEF-Avid Technology Inc files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 March 17 Amgen Inc sells its cholesterol-lowering drug Repatha at a discount of about 30 percent to its U.S. list price of $14,000 a year, but the largest pharmacy benefit managers say they want lower prices after new data suggested more patients ...'
p1
aS"Why Avid Technology Shares Plunged Today Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Since the company's explanation for the delay is somewhat vague, it stokes fears that something is wrong with its accounting or internal financial controls, which may or may not be the case.Avid Technology Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 16 - Equities.comTrading updates about Stock: Avid Technology, Inc.  - Is stories"
p2
aS"AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 Avid Technology, Inc. is a provider of an open and integrated technology platform, along with applications and services that enable the creation, distribution and monetization of audio and video content.Today Analysts Focus on Cinemark Holdings, Inc. , Avid Technology, Inc ... - StockNewsJournalEquity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Avid Technology, Inc. (AVID ... - The USA Commerce"
p3
aS"Significant Movements: Avid Technology, Inc.'s  Is stories - Mar 27, 2017 Avid Technology, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -3.69% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 4.70.In focus: Avid Technology, Inc.  Trading Patterns - Post AnalystAvid Technology, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard"
p4
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 NEW YORK, March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC is investigating potential claims on behalf of purchasers of the Avid Technology, Inc.  . Such investors are&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Avid Technology's  CEO Louis Hernandez on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Good day and welcome to the Avid Technology's Inc. Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded."
p6
aS'1152222 Shares in Avid Technology, Inc.  Acquired by Russell Investments ... Chaffey Breeze - 3 hours ago Avid Technology logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Avid Technology, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p7
aS"Earnings And Analyst Opinion Offer Spending Insights: Avid Technology, Inc ... Post Analyst - 19 hours ago Wall Street is only getting more bullish on the stock, with 1 of analysts who cover AVID having a buy-equivalent rating. Analysts have placed a $6.5 price target on Avid Technology, Inc., suggesting a 41.61% gain from recent close. It's currently ..."
p8
aS"Mover inside Traders Limelight: Avid Technology, Inc.  Is stories - Mar 22, 2017 According to FactSet data, AVID stock has received different ratings from Financial Analysts. 3 Months Ago, AVID's stock has been recommended as BUY from 1 and 0 given OVERWEIGHT rating for the company. 2 issued rating as a HOLD.0 said as SELL&nbsp;...One Stock Analysts Are Watching  Avid Technology, Inc.  - UK Market News"
p9
aS'Lifshitz &amp; Miller LLP Announces Start Of Investigation On Avid Technology, Inc ... FinancialsTrend - Mar 27, 2017 Lifshitz &amp; Miller has launched investigations on of Argos Therapeutics Inc  investors regarding whether the company exaggerated the potential of its AGS-003 drug to treat metastatic renal cell carcinoma.'
p10
a.