(lp0
S'AWAC  Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd.: Fairfax Financial and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 3, 2017 Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited   and Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG   today announced that they have agreed to extend to March 10, 2017 the deadline by which Fairfax has the&nbsp;...The Renaissance Technologies LLC Cuts Stake in Allied World Assurance Company ... - DailyQuintAllied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  Analyst Coverage - NewsDen'
p1
aS"Moody's rates Allied World Assurance senior notes at Baa1; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Oct 27, 2015 New York, October 26, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service has assigned a Baa1 rating to the 10-year 4.35% senior notes issued by Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd  and guaranteed by the ultimate parent Allied World&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'AM Best Places Credit Ratings of Allied World Assurance Company, AG and Its ... Yahoo Finance - Dec 20, 2016 Additionally, A.M. Best has placed under review with negative implications the Long-Term ICRs of bbb+ of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG   [NYSE:AWH] and Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd. Lastly,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"AWAC  Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd.: Allied World Shareholders ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 22, 2017 ZUG, Switzerland---- Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG   announced today that its shareholders have approved both of the proposals that were voted on at the company's special shareholder&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Moody's affirms Allied World Assurance; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Apr 24, 2015 The Baa1 senior debt rating for the Bermuda holding company, Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd, reflects the overall group's manageable debt leverage and expectation of ample credit support from the operations, subject to regulatory dividend&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Following the Average True Range Indicator for Allied World Assurance Company ... Providence Standard - 10 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  is currently sitting at 0.33. The ATR basically&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled ... Nasdaq - Dec 15, 2016 Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  will begin trading ex-dividend on December 16, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.26 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 29, ... AWH is a part of the Finance sector, which includes ...'
p7
aS'Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Rating Increased to Hold at ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 23, 2017 Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report released on Tuesday.Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'Why Allied World Assurance Co. Holdings, AG Stock Is Soaring Today Motley Fool - Jul 20, 2016 What: Shares of Allied World Assurance Co Holdings  are soaring by more than 13% at 11:30 a.m. EDT as the company beat analyst expectations in the second quarter.Allied World profit surges as investments rebound - Business Insurance'
p9
aS"OMERS injects $1 billion into Fairfax's Allied World deal to tap into global ... Financial Post - Jan 27, 2017 OMERS, the pension plan for Ontario's municipal employees, is making its largest investment in an insurance company to date by injecting US$1 billion to help fund Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd.'s $4.9 billion purchase of Allied World Assurance Company&nbsp;...Canada Pension Fund OMERS to Invest $1B in Fairfax's Allied World Purchase - Insurance JournalOMERS backs Fairfax's Allied World buy with $1 billion - PE Hub  "
p10
a.