(lp0
S'Will American Water Works Company, Inc. Sink or Swim? Motley Fool - Apr 4, 2016 So American Water Works is a utility that owns aging water pipes in need of heavy spending on upgrades. The company calls this a &quot;multi-decade investment need.&quot; Investors might call it built-in growth prospects. Capital spending on its core assets is&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Why You Should  Buy American Water Works Company, Inc. Motley Fool - Dec 21, 2016 Sure, American Water Works' stock is up 20% over the past year, but if you ask me, that's more a result of investors chasing the debatable security of dividend-paying stocks generally than investors rewarding the stock for improvements in the company's&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"American Water Works: Buy Or Sell? Seeking Alpha - Jul 13, 2016 American Water Works  is the largest water utility company in the United States, and it has become one of America's most popular green companies. Over the past five years, it has rocketed up in price for a total gain of 182%, 40% of which has&nbsp;...American Water Works CFO Linda Sullivan Interviewed by Advisor Access - Marketwired "
p3
aS'American Water Works: The Rising Tide And Choppy Waters Seeking Alpha - Jun 15, 2016 American Water Works Company, Inc.  is the largest water utility company in the United States, and is based in New Jersey.'
p4
aS'American Water Works Company Inc  Upgraded at Vetr Inc. The Cerbat Gem - 11 hours ago American Water Works Company Inc logo Vetr upgraded shares of American Water Works Company Inc  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Tuesday.Institutional Ownership Update on American Water Works Company, Inc.  - Midway MonitorAmerican Water Unit to Invest $4.2M to Replace Water Mains - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"5 Reasons Aqua America Is A Far Better Investment Than American Water Works Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 American Water Works and Aqua America are this country's two largest publicly traded water utilities. Their regulated monopoly businesses are the definition of recession-immune and both companies have a great history of enriching shareholders. A ...Whittier Trust Co. Has $15587000 Position in American Water Works  - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS'American Water Works Dividend Stock Analysis 2016 Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 With a customer base of 15M people and 49,000 miles of pipelines, the company provides one of the most essential services for human survivability: water. The company is a dividend grower since 2008, raising dividends an average of 8% annually, and has&nbsp;...10 Great Reasons to Buy American Water Works Stock and Never Sell - Motley FoolJim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Constellation Brands, American Water Works And ... - Benzinga'
p7
aS"American Water Works: 1st Quarter Results Shed New Light On A Compelling ... Seeking Alpha - May 24, 2016 American Water Works delivered solid results in the first quarter, fueling hopes that its multi-year bull run has legs. The scope of the company's recently updated growth strategy drastically alters its future prospects, with major new acquisitions ..."
p8
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for American Water Works Company, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on American Water Works Company, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'Invest In Water Part 11: American Water Works Is Not Blue Gold Seeking Alpha - Jul 28, 2016 American Water Works is one of the best water utility firms on earth, unfortunately, investors hype the firm above its expectations.'
p10
a.