(lp0
S"Why Acuity Brands, Inc. Stock Fell 19% Today Fox Business - Jan 9, 2017 Acuity Brands  reported first-quarter results in the early morning hours on Monday. In response to the news, shares of the industrial LED lighting specialist fell as much as 18.7% during the morning session.Acuity Brands'  CEO Vernon Nagel on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Option Market Alert: Acuity Brands Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Unsually ... CML News - 11 hours ago Risk Alert: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Acuity Brands Inc  risk is elevated. We'll detail it below -- but that's the lede -- the option market is starting to flash those neon lights that signal &quot;risk is rising&quot; with ...Why Investors remained confident on Acuity Brands, Inc. , Summit Hotel ... - StockNewsJournalInstitutional Portfolio Favorite in Spotlight: Acuity Brands, Inc.  - Midway Monitor"
p2
aS'Acuity Brands, Inc. Demonstrates Retail Indoor Positioning System Solution ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 20, 2017 ATLANTA - March 20, 2017 - At Shoptalk 2017, Acuity Brands, Inc.  will demonstrate its latest advancements in Internet of Things  technology for retailers, including its Indoor Positioning System  solution with its new retail asset ...'
p3
aS"Acuity Brands, Inc. Next Generation Building Management Solutions from Distech ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 31, 2017 ATLANTA - January 31, 2017- Acuity Brands, Inc  businesses, Distech Controls and DGLogik, are exhibiting at the 2017 AHR Expo to showcase innovative controls and Internet of Things  tools that integrate with Acuity Brands' digital LED&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Goldman Adds Acuity Brands To Focus List, Cites 'Strongest Competitive ... Benzinga - Sep 9, 2016 Goldman Sachs has added Acuity Brands, Inc.  to its focus list. It sees the company has the strongest competitive position among lighting peers as the sector shifts to low-carbon LED-based lighting technologies."
p5
aS'A look at the fair value of Acuity Brands Inc  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Does the March share price for Acuity Brands  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p6
aS'Acuity Brands, Inc. Announces Acquisition of DGLogik Yahoo Finance - Jul 7, 2016 ATLANTA, July 7, 2016 - Acuity Brands, Inc.  today announced it has acquired 100 percent of the equity interests of DGLogik, Inc., a San Francisco Bay Area-based provider of innovative software solutions that enable and visualize the Internet of ...'
p7
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Acuity Brands, Inc.  ? The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Acuity Brands, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS"Acuity Brands Has A Bright Future Due To Smart Lighting Orders Benzinga - Jun 30, 2016 CLSA analysts believe Acuity Brands, Inc.  has a solid future citing Smart Light Orders. Their comments come on the heels of the company's third quarter results beating the expectations on 25 percent year-over-year growth in sales apart from ..."
p9
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Acuity Brands Inc., 50.0% Follow-Through Indicator ... Nasdaq - Jan 9, 2017 Acuity Brands Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p10
a.