(lp0
S"AZZ Inc. Reports Financial Results for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 PR Newswire  - Jan 6, 2017 Tom Ferguson, president and chief executive officer of AZZ Inc., commented, &quot;Our overall third quarter financial performance was disappointing as we continued to feel the effects of depressed markets in oil and gas, petrochemical, and solar for our&nbsp;...AZZ's  CEO Tom Ferguson on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Azz Inc. Reports Another Weak Quarter Motley Fool - Jan 9, 2017 The market has been merrily pricing in a recovery in industrial market conditions, most notably in oil and gas-related spending, but the latest results from galvanizing and specialty electrical equipment company Azz Inc  suggest the recovery ...'
p2
aS'AZZ Inc. and Westinghouse Electric Company Announce Teaming Agreement ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 FORT WORTH, Texas, Jan. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AZZ Inc. , a global provider of galvanizing, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services to the power generation, transmission, distribution and industrial&nbsp;...AZZ Inc. To Retain Nuclear Logistics - Nuclear Street - Nuclear Power Plant News, Jobs, and Careers  '
p3
aS'Brokerages Expect AZZ Inc  to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Chaffey Breeze - 3 hours ago AZZ logo Shares of AZZ Inc  have been assigned an average broker rating score of 0.00  from the one analysts that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.Latest Stocks: The GSA Capital Partners LLP Sells 20097 Shares of AZZ Inc  - Petro Global News 24Zacks Investment Research upgraded AZZ Inc  to Hold in a report ... - Breaking Finance News'
p4
aS'AZZ, Inc.  FY18 Guidance Tops Views StreetInsider.com - Feb 7, 2017 AZZ Inc. , a global provider of galvanizing services, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services, today announced its revenue and earnings guidance for fiscal year 2018.AZZ Inc  Upbeat Outlook For Fiscal Year 2018 - Stock Market Daily'
p5
aS'AZZ INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 AZZ Inc. is a provider of galvanizing services, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and engineered services to the power generation, transmission, distribution, refining and industrial markets.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Maintains Position ... - BNB Daily AZZ Inc  Position Boosted by State Street Corp - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS"AZZ's  CEO Tom Ferguson on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Jul 5, 2016 Good morning and welcome to the AZZ Inc First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode."
p7
aS"AZZ Incorporated Earnings: Margin Expansion on Its Way Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 AZZ Incorporated  stock has had a strong year, with notable outperformance compared to the S&amp;P 500 index. It's in large part due to the successful resolution of operating inefficiencies plus completing previously delayed shipments in its ..."
p8
aS"AZZ Incorporated Feels the Heat From Oil and Gas Motley Fool - Oct 6, 2016 As management explained on the earnings call, galvanizing is a business that doesn't operate with long lead times, so any kind of downturn  will be felt quickly in AZZ revenues. The impact was negative in the current quarter, and investors ..."
p9
aS'AZZ Incorporated Continues to Grow but Cuts Guidance Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2016 In what is likely to become a recurring theme with industrial stocks during earnings season, galvanizing and electrical products company AZZ Incorporated  reported results affected by weaker end demand. On the other hand, AZZ managed to&nbsp;...'
p10
a.