(lp0
S'Booz Allen Hamilton Holding  Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 Horacio D. Rozanski - Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp. Thank you, Curt. Good morning, everyone. Happy Monday. Thank you for joining us.Booz Allen Revenue Rises; Dividend Raised - Wall Street JournalKeep an Eye on These 7 Stocks for January 30, 2017 - Benzinga'
p1
aS'Traders Secrets on Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation , TETRA ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Institutions Peg This Stock As a Favorite: Booz Allen Hamilton Holding ... - Midway MonitorBooz Allen Hamilton Holding Co.  Receives $40.50 Average PT from Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"Booz Allen Hamilton Holding  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 Horacio D. Rozanski - Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp. Thank you, Curt. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Today, we're very pleased to report that in the quarter ended September 30, the people of Booz Allen turned in another solid&nbsp;...Booz Allen profit up 12% as revenue jumps - MarketWatch"
p3
aS'Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation  Security Scandal Sparks Options ... Schaeffers Research  - Oct 5, 2016 Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation  is under fire this afternoon, after the New York Times reported that another BAH employee was caught stealing classified information .'
p4
aS"At Booz Allen, a Vast US Spy Operation, Run for Private Profit New York Times - Oct 7, 2016 Booz Allen Hamilton, with its headquarters located in McLean, Va., has made billions from its contracting business with the American intelligence community.Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation  Stock Falls on NSA Contractor's ... - Investorplace.comAnalysts Speculate on Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation  - Post Registrar"
p5
aS"Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation a Defense Contractor On the Move  Investorplace.com - Jan 26, 2017 In yesterday's edition of StreetAuthority Daily, I made the case that investors should look to increased military spending by the new Trump administration and Republican-controlled congress as a strong catalyst for investing in the sector.Earnings Whispers: Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation  &amp; Affiliated ... - TCCBooz Allen Completes Aquilent Purchase to Expand Digital Footprint - GovConWire"
p6
aS'Booz Allen Hamilton acquires Aquilent Seeking Alpha - Nov 29, 2016 Booz Allen Hamilton  announces that it acquired digital services firm eGov Holdings, Inc. for $250M. Also known as Aquilent, eGov is the digital and cloud architect of .Booz Allen Hamilton Agrees to Acquire Digital Service Business Aquilent - Business Wire Aquilent to be acquired by Booz Allen Hamilton in $250 million deal - Baltimore Sun'
p7
aS"Booz Allen Faces More Fallout After NSA Contractor's Arrest Wall Street Journal - Oct 5, 2016 With new charges that one of its contractors mishandled government secrets, Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp. is facing its second major personnel scandal in three years.Booz Allen Hamilton Shares Plunge On Reports Of NSA Contractor Arrest For ... - BenzingaNSA leak: Booz Allen shares drop on arrest of contractor - CNNMoney"
p8
aS"Booz Allen Hamilton's Backlog Booming Seeking Alpha - Aug 10, 2016 Booz Allen is a provider of management and technology consulting services, and its largest client is the US Army. The company's backlog trends appear to be turning in the right direction, which should translate into solid top-line growth in coming periods."
p9
aS'Carlyle to Sell Remaining Stake in Booz Allen Hamilton Wall Street Journal - Dec 1, 2016 Private-equity firm Carlyle Group LP plans to sell its remaining stake in defense contractor Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp, a company it had bought and made public. Carlyle Group acquired a majority stake in McLean, Va.-based Booz Allen in 2008 for&nbsp;...Booz Allen Hamilton Sinks on Secondary Offering - 24/7 Wall St.M&amp;A focus: Booz Allen buys Aquilent to expand digital services - Bloomberg Government '
p10
a.