(lp0
S'Western Alliance Bancorporation and Bridge Capital Holdings Complete Merger Business Wire  - Jul 1, 2015 PHOENIX----Western Alliance Bancorporation  today completed its merger with Bridge Capital Holdings . Bridge Bank, National Association, the operating subsidiary of Bridge Capital Holdings, has been&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Western Alliance Bancorporation and Bridge Capital Holdings Agree to Merge Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2015 PHOENIX &amp; SAN JOSE, Calif.----Western Alliance Bancorporation  and Bridge Capital Holdings  announced today that they have signed a definitive agreement pursuant to which Western Alliance&nbsp;...Western Alliance to buy California bank, focus on tech - azcentral.com'
p2
aS'BRIDGE CAPITAL HOLDINGS MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT -- Andrews &amp; Springer LLC ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 16, 2015 WILMINGTON, Del., March 16, 2015  -- Andrews &amp; Springer LLC, a boutique securities class action law firm focused on representing shareholders nationwide, is investigating potential breach of fiduciary duty claims against the Board of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Should You Buy Or Sell Bridge Capital Holdings  On Analyst Concensus? NewsDen - Mar 24, 2017 03/11/2015 - Bridge Capital Holdings had its neutral rating reiterated by analysts at D.A. Davidson. They now have a USD 28.5 price target on the stock.'
p4
aS'This Weeks Target Prices For Bridge Capital Holdings  NewsDen - Mar 23, 2017 03/11/2015 - Bridge Capital Holdings had its neutral rating reiterated by analysts at D.A. Davidson. They now have a USD 28.5 price target on the stock.'
p5
aS'Bridge Capital Holdings  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Mar 7, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Bridge Capital Holdings  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Tuesday 7th of March state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Chinese Government Money Helped Canyon Bridge Acquire US Chip Maker Fortune - Nov 28, 2016 Canyon Bridge Capital Partners, a buyout fund that agreed to acquire U.S.-based chip maker Lattice Semiconductor for $1.3 billion earlier this month, is funded partly by cash originating from China's central government and also has indirect links to ...Lattice Deal May Hit A Snag - EE TimesLattice deal draws scrutiny over buyer's China connections - Portland Business Journal"
p7
aS'Digital Bridge, PSP Investments and TIAA buy Vantage Data Centers PE Hub   - Mar 27, 2017 A consortium that includes Digital Bridge Holdings LLC, Public Sector Pension Investment Board and TIAA Investments has acquired Silicon Valley-based Vantage Data Centers, a provider of data center solutions in support of mission-critical applications.Vantage Data Centers bought by consortium led by Digital Bridge - Data EconomyVantage Data Centers Acquired by Investors Led By Digital Bridge - Data Center Frontier '
p8
aS'China: C-Bridge backs pharma merger; Dadao closes Series B DEALSTREETASIA - Mar 24, 2017 C-Bridge Capital Partners LLC, a private equity  fund targeting healthcare, has partnered Tianjin-based traditional Chinese medicine firm Tasly Holding Group to invest $150 million in a new drug developer resulting from the merger of Shanghai-based&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Foreign Investment Pours In, Will Help Bridge Current Account Deficit NDTV - Mar 27, 2017 Domestic private investment is slumping and the central bank's shift to a neutral policy stance makes it unlikely to recover soon."
p10
a.