(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  versus W&amp;T Offshore Inc ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  versus W&amp;T Offshore Inc  .Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezePrice Target Of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  At $1.333 - Enterprise Leader'
p1
aS'Is Bonanza Creek Energy In Serious Trouble? Seeking Alpha - Sep 19, 2016 Investors were relieved that Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  paid its interest payment in late Aug. after using the 30-day grace period for the interest payment that was due Aug. 1. There are a number of issues that will come to head in ...'
p2
aS"Bonanza Creek Stock Almost Tripled From Bankruptcy Announcement Lows Seeking Alpha - Jan 10, 2017 There seems to be a disconnect between the valuation of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  stock and the valuation of the company's debt."
p3
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy seeks to wipe out $850 million in bad debt The Denver Post - Dec 23, 2016 Bonanza Creek Energy said Friday it will pursue a prepackaged bankruptcy filing at the start of the year in an effort to clear out more than $850 million in debt and start 2017 on a stronger financial footing.Bonanza Creek, other US energy firms announce Chapter 11 plans - Reuters'
p4
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy to File Bankruptcy Arkansas Business Online - Dec 23, 2016 Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. and two other energy firms announced on Friday plans to file for bankruptcy in coming weeks, joining a long list of U.S.'
p5
aS"Bonanza Creek Equity Holders Tear Into Ch. 11 Plan Law360  - Mar 10, 2017 Law360, Wilmington  -- An ad hoc group of equity holders in the Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. bankruptcy blasted the oil and gas producer's Chapter 11 plan Thursday, arguing it is a brazen attempt to shift value away from&nbsp;...What's Happening To These Stocks?  QuickLogic Corporation , Bonanza ... - Post Analyst"
p6
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy Receives Unsolicited Inquiry From Bill Barrett Corporation GlobeNewswire  - Jan 18, 2017 DENVER, Jan. 17, 2017  -- Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.   today announced that it received an unsolicited inquiry from Bill Barrett Corporation  regarding a potential&nbsp;...Denver energy company shows interest in bankrupt Bonanza Creek - Denver Business JournalBill Barrett Corporation  Entered Confidentiality Agreement with Bonanza ... - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  is an independent energy company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of onshore oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas in the United States.Bankrupt Bonanza Creek reports bigger Q4 loss - Denver Business JournalBonanza Creek Energy Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial and ... - Yahoo Finance'
p8
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy Inc : What Shareholders Need To Know Insider Financial - Jan 3, 2017 Bankruptcy stocks in the oil and gas space served up some great plays during 2017. The dip in energy prices exposed a number of entities, big and small, as being over-leveraged, and a flurry of chapter 11s followed suit.Bonanza Creek Bankruptcy Means Losses for Investors in 2015 Stock Offering - Wall Street Journal'
p9
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 27, 2017 Bonanza Creek Energy logo Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report issued on Monday.Risk Alert in Option Market: Bonanza Creek Energy Inc Implied Price Swing Hits ... - CML NewsBonanza Creek Energy Inc. : Analysts bet a 52.43 percent change in price - Post Analyst'
p10
a.