(lp0
S"Black Diamond, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Mar 6, 2017 SALT LAKE CITY, March 06, 2017  -- Black Diamond, Inc.  , a global leader of innovative active outdoor performance equipment and apparel, under the brand name Black Diamond, reported financial&nbsp;...Black Diamond's  Management on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaBlack Diamond reports 4Q loss - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS"Black Diamond Inc  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Sports Perspectives - 5 hours ago Black Diamond logo Black Diamond Inc  issued its earnings results on Monday. The company reported $0.01 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.04."
p2
aS'Black Diamond reports year-end loss, plans to shake up operations Medill Reports: Chicago - Mar 15, 2016 Despite a one-time charge that stifled its bottom line, Black Diamond Inc. turned in results Monday that bested Wall Street estimates, and unveiled plans for a major corporate restructuring.'
p3
aS'Black Diamond Adds To Executive And Equipment Team SGB Media    - Mar 1, 2017 Black Diamond Inc., a manufacturer of active outdoor performance equipment and apparel, has appointed Trent Bush as Black Diamond Equipment vice president of apparel design and Radhika Ray to the newly created position of vice president of strategy&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Black Diamond: Trading At 25% Discount To Peer Relative Value Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Black Diamond Inc is a premium retailer earning various awards for quality with growing domestic sales in climbing and mountain products yet shares trade at a discount to peers.Black Diamond Inc  Cut to Hold at Stifel Nicolaus - BNB Daily Black Diamond Inc  Given Consensus Rating of Hold by Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS"Black Diamond  Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Moreover, Black Diamond's independent global distributor business is likely to experience growth in the quarter, as markets like Japan and Korea have begun to replenish their inventory following a period of industry consolidation and other market ...What You Must Know About Black Diamond Inc's  Financial Health - Simply Wall StBlack Diamond Inc  Set to Announce Earnings on Monday - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS'Black Diamond Returns To Core Focus For 2017 SGB Media    - Mar 8, 2017 Following a year marked by restructuring activities, Black Diamond Inc. believes a growing retailer confidence in its refocus back on core Black Diamond product will lead to a rebound in sales in 2017.'
p7
aS'Black Diamond Equipment Appoints Rick Vance as Quality Director GlobeNewswire  - Jul 27, 2016 SALT LAKE CITY, July 27, 2016  -- Black Diamond Equipment, a global innovator in climbing, skiing, mountain sports equipment and apparel, and a subsidiary of Black Diamond, Inc.  , has appointed Rick&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Black Diamond Inc  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by Brokerages Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago Black Diamond logo Shares of Black Diamond Inc  have been given a consensus rating of Hold by the four brokerages that are currently covering the stock.Black Diamond Inc  Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates ... - The Cerbat GemNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Black Diamond, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p9
aS"Black Diamond Aims To Diversify With Acquisitions SGB Media    - Nov 1, 2016 Even as Black Diamond Inc.'s stock  emerges as a way for investors to profit from the proliferation of climbing gyms, the company has scratched other outdoor equipment brands from its acquisition shopping list, a top executive told investors&nbsp;...Black Diamond  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.