(lp0
S"Durst Organization Acquires Delaware River Waterfront Properties from ... CoStar Group - Mar 28, 2017 The Durst Organization today announced its first acquisition outside of New York state, purchasing properties spanning several piers along the Philadelphia waterfront from Brandywine Realty Trust . Durst purchased the Delaware River&nbsp;...NY developer Durst buys pier sites of Dave &amp; Buster's, Morgan's, with eye to ... - Philly.comBrandywine sells Delaware Riverfront properties to Durst Organization - Philadelphia Business Journal"
p1
aS'Brandywine Realty Trust: Building Trophies Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2017 This trophy was brought to you by Brandywine Realty Trust . Over the last couple of years, Brandywine has sold over $1 billion in assets, and most of its acquisitions have been vacant land.'
p2
aS'Brandywine Realty Trust Announces Executive Promotions PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 RADNOR, Pa., March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brandywine Realty Trust  announced today that it has promoted Paul J. Commito to Senior Vice President of Development and Gina Alm-Myers to Vice President of Human Resources and Diversity&nbsp;...Why Investors remained confident on Brandywine Realty Trust , The ... - StockNewsJournalNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Brandywine Realty Trust  - Fiscal Standard'
p3
aS'Brandywine Realty Trust Names Jennifer Matthews Rice Senior Vice President and ... PR Newswire  - Mar 8, 2017 RADNOR, Pa., March 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brandywine Realty Trust   announced today that Jennifer Matthews Rice has been promoted to Senior Vice President and General Counsel.Notable Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - BDN - Nasdaq'
p4
aS'Brandywine Realty Trust to Redeem All Outstanding Shares of its 6.90% Series E ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 RADNOR, Pa., March 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brandywine Realty Trust  announced today that it intends to redeem all of its outstanding 4,000,000 shares of 6.90% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares  (the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"BRIEF-Brandywine Realty Trust files for potential mixed shelf offering - SEC ... Reuters - Mar 20, 2017 BERLIN, March 20 The European Stability Mechanism  -- the euro zone's bailout fund -- should ultimately be turned into a European version of the International Monetary Fund, the head of euro zone finance ministers said on Monday in a German&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Brandywine Realty Trust Announces Changes to Board of Trustees PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 RADNOR, Pa., Feb. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brandywine Realty Trust  announced today changes to the composition of its Board of Trustees .Stock Returns: Corporate Office Properties Trust  is Beating ... - CML NewsBrandywine Realty Trust  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News'
p7
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Brandywine Realty Trust , Maxim Integrated ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Brandywine Realty Trust  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 0.97 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;...Noteworthy movements of Stock: Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.'s  share ... - Street Updates"
p8
aS"Brandywine Realty Trust's  CEO Jerry Sweeney on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 Good morning. My name is Kayla, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call."
p9
aS'Brandywine Realty Trust Announces 24799 Square Feet Lease with FreedomPay, Inc ... PR Newswire  - Dec 15, 2016 RADNOR, Pa., Dec. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Brandywine Realty Trust  announced today that it has signed a long term lease with FreedomPay, Inc., a global leader in payment and commerce technologies, to lease 24,799 square feet at&nbsp;...FreedomPay Relocates Headquarters To FMC Tower In Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - Area Development OnlineRadnor company moving its HQ to Cira Centre South in Philadelphia - Philadelphia Business Journal'
p10
a.