(lp0
S"Bebe Plans to Shut Its Stores and Focus on Web Sales Bloomberg - Mar 21, 2017 Bebe Stores Inc., a women's apparel chain with locations across the U.S., is planning to shut its stores and seek a turnaround as an online brand, according to people familiar with the situation.bebe stores, inc. Exploring Strategic Alternatives - Yahoo FinanceThis women's retailer with 3 local stores may be next to close - St. Louis Business Journal"
p1
aS'Report: Bebe plans to shutter stores, including 5 in metro Atlanta Atlanta Business Chronicle - Mar 27, 2017 Bebe Stores Inc. is planning to shutter its locations and become an online-centric retailer, according to Bloomberg. Citing unnamed sources, the report says the Brisbane, Calif.'
p2
aS"bebe Stores Still Has A Shot Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Q2 comp figures were ugly at -10.5%; but there was some good news in the report. The licensing deal with Bluestar hasn't hit yet and bebe is cash-flow positive. To be sure, the cash-flow improvements aren't repeatable and the company benefited from timing."
p3
aS'Bebe Stores Inc versus Christopher &amp; Banks Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - 18 hours ago Christopher &amp; Banks Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Bebe Stores Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p4
aS"Prentice Capital Letter To Bebe Stores, Inc. Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2016 As you are aware, an affiliate of Prentice Capital Management, LP owns approximately 5.6% of the outstanding shares of Bebe Stores, Inc.  . We are writing to express our extreme dissatisfaction with the Board's continuing&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'bebe stores: Take The Money And Run Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 BEBE has embarked on the noble and proper task of reducing its level of markdowns and increasing its inventory turns. Any retailer should be doing this all the time, but for BEBE, it is a matter of survival. In the past, the company has had far too ...'
p6
aS'Bebe Stores Has Upside Potential From Here Seeking Alpha - Sep 15, 2016 bebe stores  has been mercilessly pounded in the past couple of years as the company has continued to struggle and indeed, post sizable losses such that its solvency has been called into question.'
p7
aS"A look at clothing companies that are closing stores Boston.com - Mar 23, 2017 Bebe Stores Inc. Headquarters: Brisbane, California. Bebe Stores Inc., a women's fashion chain, says it's exploring strategic alternatives for the company and is working with a real estate adviser.Sears Says Turnaround Effort May Be in Doubt - ClickLancashire"
p8
aS'bebe stores, inc. and Bluestar Alliance LLC Announce Strategic Joint Venture ... Business Wire  - Jun 8, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif.----bebe stores, inc. , today announced that it has entered into a joint venture with Bluestar Alliance LLC  and has received $35 million in connection with the formation of the joint venture.'
p9
aS"Bebe Said to Be Closing Stores in Brick-and-Mortar Retreat The Business of Fashion - Mar 21, 2017 NEW YORK, United States - Bebe Stores Inc., a women's apparel chain with locations across the US, is planning to shut its stores and seek a turnaround as an online brand, according to people familiar with the situation."
p10
a.