(lp0
S'Beacon Roofing Settles Litigation Against SRS Filed in 2014 Yahoo Finance - 9 hours ago Beacon Roofing is targeting around five to 10 total branch openings in fiscal 2017. Along with its branch opening strategy, the company will also focus on potential acquisitions.Beacon Roofing, SRS Distribution Reach Settlement in Florida Trade Secrets Case - Modern Distribution ManagementEquity Check-in on This Stock: Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  - Searcy News'
p1
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply to Participate in the Seaport Global Securities ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that Joseph Nowicki, Executive Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer ...Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold on Beacon Roofing ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Beacon Roofing settles litigation against SRS Distribution Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 March 27 Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. * Beacon Roofing Supply announces settlement of litigation against SRS Distribution, Inc. * Beacon Roofing Supply Inc - business terms of confidential settlement agreement with SRS were not made publicly available.'
p3
aS"Beacon Roofing Supply Strengthens its Michigan Presence with the Acquisition ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that it has acquired Acme Building Materials, Inc. , a distributor ...Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.'s FY2018 ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS'News Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.BECN Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.BECN. Significant News Only. 2 hours ago; Press Release. Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Settlement of Litigation Against SRS Distribution, Inc. Press Release.'
p5
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. MarketWatch - Jan 30, 2011 Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. NASDAQ: BECN. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p6
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Portland, Oregon-based ... Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Woodfeathers, Inc. , a distributor of primarily residential roofing and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for BECN Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 In trading on Thursday, shares of Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $44.65, changing hands as low as $44.61 per share.Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comBeacon Roofing Supply Inc Realized Volatility Hits A Tumbling Low - CML News'
p8
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Analyst Estimates &amp; Target Update Aiken Advocate - 15 hours ago Using data provided from various analysts, shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  are presently listed with an ABR of 1.82.'
p9
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Michigan-Based Fox Brothers Company Business Wire  - May 2, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Fox Brothers Company , a distributor of roofing, siding, windows, doors and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p10
a.