(lp0
S"Franklin Resources, Inc.  Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse ... Chaffey Breeze - 10 hours ago Franklin Resources, Inc. logo Credit Suisse Group AG set a $33.00 price objective on Franklin Resources, Inc.  in a report released on Monday morning. The firm currently has a sell rating on the closed-end fund's stock. A number of other&nbsp;...Latest Stocks: The Franklin Resources, Inc.  Receives Hold Rating from ... - Petro Global News 24Drilling Down Into Franklin Resources, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS'Lookout for Price Target? Franklin Resources, Inc. , Lincoln National ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p2
aS'The Charts For Franklin Resources, Inc.  Is Attracting Massive Attention NY Stock News - 19 hours ago The technicals for Franklin Resources, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p3
aS"What Does The Chart For Franklin Resources, Inc.  Tell Us Presently? NY Stock News - Mar 27, 2017 Franklin Resources, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p4
aS'Altria Group Inc  Shares Sold by Franklin Resources Inc. The Cerbat Gem - 16 hours ago Altria Group logo Franklin Resources Inc. cut its position in Altria Group Inc  by 1.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.'
p5
aS'Latest Stocks: The CorMedix Inc.  Stake Increased by Franklin Resources Inc. Petro Global News 24 - 9 hours ago Franklin Resources Inc. raised its stake in CorMedix Inc.  by 13.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.'
p6
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Has $800847000 Position in Philip Morris International ... Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago Philip Morris International logo Franklin Resources Inc. increased its position in shares of Philip Morris International Inc.  by 16.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.'
p7
aS"Franklin Resources edges higher after reporting AUM Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 End of February total AUM of $738.2M was up about $10B from a month earlier, and compares to $714B a year ago. KBW's Robert Lee cautions against reading much into one month of data, noting a previously disclosed $4.6B insurance-related redemption&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Latest Stocks: The Franklin Resources Inc. Has $224000 Position in Discovery ... Petro Global News 24 - 15 hours ago Franklin Resources Inc. held its stake in shares of Discovery Communications Inc.  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Discovery Communications Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSFranklin Resources Inc. Has $224000 Position in Discovery Communications Inc ... - Community Financial News'
p9
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Sells 923769 Shares of Comcast Co.  BBNS - 18 hours ago Comcast logo Franklin Resources Inc. lowered its stake in shares of Comcast Co.  by 6.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p10
a.