(lp0
S'Stock Returns: MidSouth Bancorp Inc  is Beating Bar Harbor ... CML News - 12 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bar Harbor Bankshares  versus MidSouth Bancorp Inc  .'
p1
aS"Bar Harbor Bankshares announces plan to acquire Lake Sunapee Bank of NH The Ellsworth American - May 6, 2016 BAR HARBOR - The parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announced on Thursday its plan to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group, a merger that would significantly increase the Maine bank's footprint and stature in the region.Bar Harbor Bank acquires NH bank chain for $143 million - Bangor Daily NewsLocal Bank to Be Sold - Valley News"
p2
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares merger moves forward The Ellsworth American - Oct 25, 2016 A plan for the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group took a step forward this week as shareholders of both companies approved the merger agreement.'
p3
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares and Lake Sunapee Bank Group Complete Merger Yahoo Finance - Jan 13, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares  , the holding company for Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, has successfully completed its merger with Lake Sunapee Bank Group , the holding company for Lake Sunapee Bank.'
p4
aS'Bar Harbor Bank buying New Hampshire bank in $143 million deal Press Herald - May 5, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares is acquiring a New Hampshire bank in a $143 million deal that will make it the only New England-based community bank with operations in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont.Bar Harbor Bankshares Expands Into New Hampshire and Vermont with Lake Sunapee ... - Business Wire '
p5
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 10, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.28 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.'
p6
aS'Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announces completion of merger The Ellsworth American - Jan 16, 2017 As a division of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, Lake Sunapee Bank branches will continue to operate under the Lake Sunapee Bank name and William J. McIver, former chief operating officer of Lake Sunapee, will continue with the combined company as executive&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares  Announces 3-for-2 Stock Split StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares   the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a three-for-two split of its common stock payable in the form of a large stock dividend.'
p8
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares: A Merger Mispricing And Arbitrage Play Seeking Alpha - Jun 15, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares is highly profitable, offers a large dividend yield, and sells at a reasonable price. Bar Harbor Bankshares and Lake Sunapee Bank Group are merging, which presents a possible arbitrage play and merger mispricing. The combined&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares announces stock split The Ellsworth American - Feb 23, 2017 BAR HARBOR - The parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announced Tuesday it will be doing a stock split next month.'
p10
a.