(lp0
S'The Charts For Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Is Attracting Massive Attention NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The technicals for Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.Jefferies: Over 50% Chance Brookdale Will Be Sold This Year - Senior Housing NewsBrookdale Senior Living, HCA Holdings, HCP - Times of India'
p1
aS'Columbia Pacific Advisors, LLC Buys Globalstar, Brookdale Senior Living, SPDR ... GuruFocus.com - 3 hours ago Seattle, WA, based Investment company Columbia Pacific Advisors, LLC buys Globalstar, Brookdale Senior Living, SPDR S&amp;P Oil &amp; Gas Explor &amp; Product, Bill Barrettoration, ModSys International, Halcon Resources, FLIR Systems, W&amp;T Offshore, EMCORE,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Market Check: Narrowing in on Shares of Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.72077. The six month price index is easily measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p3
aS'Reviewing the Numbers for Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.156219.'
p4
aS'Right time to invest?  Whiting Petroleum Corporation , Brookdale Senior ... USA Commerce Daily - 20 hours ago Shares of Whiting Petroleum Corporation  are on a recovery track as they have regained 30.25% since bottoming out at $6.38 on Aug. 01, 2016.'
p5
aS'Brookdale Senior Living Inc. : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - Mar 21, 2017 Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Long-Term Care Facilities.Analytical Guide for Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. , Brookdale Senior ... - The USA CommerceFeatured Stock: Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  - HugoPress'
p6
aS"How These Healthcare Stocks are Faring? -- Brookdale Senior Living, Envision ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Taking into consideration yesterday's market sentiment, Stock-Callers.com assessed the following Healthcare equities this morning: Brookdale Senior Living Inc. , Envision Healthcare Corporation , Kindred Healthcare Inc. (NYSE:&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Digging Up the Facts on Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Long-Term Care Facilities.Analytical Guide for Under Armour, Inc. , Brookdale Senior Living Inc ... - The USA CommerceStock Showing Surging Activity: Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  - HugoPress'
p8
aS'Stock Target Review on Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Shares Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Covering sell-side analysts have offered target price estimates on shares of the company. Presently, the consensus target is $16.8 on the stock.'
p9
aS'Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Update on QI &amp; Valuation Business Review - Mar 28, 2017 Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  has a Q.i. Value of 44.00000. The purpose of the Q.i. Value is to help identify companies that are the most undervalued.'
p10
a.