(lp0
S"Why Barnes &amp; Noble Inc. Stock Rose Today Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 More specifically, Barnes &amp; Noble's board has opted to hold steady its quarterly cash dividend at $0.15 per share, payable on April 28, 2017, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 7, 2017.Barnes &amp; Noble announces new stock repurchase program of up to $50 million of ... - EPR Retail News Barnes &amp; Noble Announces New Stock Repurchase Program and Declares Quarterly ... - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS"Barnes &amp; Noble Celebrates Pre-K-12 Teachers &amp; Administrators During Spring ... Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc. , the nation's largest retail bookseller and a leading retailer of content, digital media and educational products, will celebrate Spring Educator Appreciation Days, April 1-9."
p2
aS"Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc. Reduces Guidance After a Tough Holiday Quarter Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 Barnes &amp; Noble  released weaker-than-expected results for the fiscal third quarter 2017 ended January 28, 2017, punctuated by declining profitability, lower traffic, and the continued slide of the company's NOOK business during the crucial&nbsp;...Barnes &amp; Noble dividend on the line? - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"In-House Counsel Profile: Barnes &amp; Noble Inc.'s Brad Feuer The National Law Journal  - Mar 19, 2017 Barnes &amp; Noble Inc. is a Fortune 500 bookseller based in New York with more than 630 stores across the U.S. Between its sales online and in its physical stores, B&amp;N sells approximately 190 million physical books per year, according to its website."
p4
aS'Barnes &amp; Noble Inc versus Office Depot Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Office Depot Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Barnes &amp; Noble Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p5
aS"Barnes &amp; Noble Celebrates Disney's Live-Action Adaptation of Beauty and the ... Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2017 NEW YORK----Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc. , the nation's largest retail bookseller and a leading retailer of content, digital media and educational products, today announced in collaboration with Disney a celebration of the live-action&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Brokerage Analyst Weighing in on Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 14 hours ago Covering equity analysts have a near-term target price of $16.875 on shares of Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc. . This consensus estimate is compiled by Zacks Research using 2 contributing analysts.'
p7
aS"Barnes &amp; Noble Education Acquires MBS for $174.2 Million Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Barnes &amp; Noble Education, Inc.  , one of America's largest contract operators of bookstores on college and university campuses and a leading provider of digital education services, today announced that it has&nbsp;...Barnes &amp; Noble Education sales slip - MarketWatchBarnes &amp; Noble buys MBS Textbook Exchange - Columbia Daily Tribune"
p8
aS'Earnings Clues on Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc. , RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p9
aS"Barnes &amp; Noble to host in-store building event to conclude three-month-long ... EPR Retail News  - Mar 7, 2017 New York, New York, 2017-Mar-07 - /EPR Retail News/ - Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc. , the nation's largest retail bookseller and a leading retailer of content, digital media and educational products, today  announced, in partnership ..."
p10
a.