(lp0
S'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Reduces Stake in Fulton ... The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Fulton Financial Corp logo Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky decreased its position in Fulton Financial Corp  by 5.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 31,931 ...'
p1
aS'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1117000 Position in ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Synovus Financial Corp. logo Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky reduced its position in shares of Synovus Financial Corp.  by 4.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and ...'
p2
aS'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Lowers Position in E*TRADE ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky reduced its stake in shares of E*TRADE Financial Corp  by 17.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p3
aS'Wintrust Financial Corp  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 6, 2017 Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Wintrust Financial Corp  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday.'
p4
aS'Wintrust Financial Corp  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 3, 2017 Wintrust Financial Corp logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Wintrust Financial Corp  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Tuesday.'
p5
aS'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Sells 1200 Shares of First ... Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago First Financial Bancorp logo Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky decreased its position in First Financial Bancorp  by 5.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange ...'
p6
aS'House panel sets groundwork for Dodd-Frank rollback Financial Regulation News - 9 hours ago Republican members of the House Financial Services Committee continued to lay the foundation for a regulatory relief bill for community banks, specifically a rollback in regulations included in the Dodd-Frank Act, during a hearing Tuesday before the ...'
p7
aS'Delaware Achievers, March 26 The News Journal - Mar 24, 2017 Chorlton, who has 18 years of financial services experience, previously served as senior vice president and senior banking adviser at PNC Wealth Management. ... Baxter, who has 13 years of experience in the mortgage industry, currently works as an ...'
p8
aS'The Wintrust Financial Corp  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Mar 12, 2017 According to Zacks, Wintrust Financial Corporation is a bank holding company which provides banking services, trust and investment services, commercial insurance premium financing, short-term accounts receivable financing, and certain administrative ...'
p9
aS'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Wintrust Financial Corp  to Buy BNB Daily  - Mar 1, 2017 Wintrust Financial Corp logo Wintrust Financial Corp  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued on Wednesday.'
p10
a.