(lp0
S'Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 3, 2017 Bank of the James Financial Group logo Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.  announced a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, January 24th.'
p1
aS'Bank of the James Financial Group Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 27, 2017 Bank of the James Financial Group Inc.  declared a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, January 24th. Investors of record on Friday, March 10th will be paid a dividend of 0.06 per share by the financial services provider on Friday, March 24th.'
p2
aS'Former Chase executive joining Johnson Bank as president Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Mar 8, 2017 Former Milwaukee-area Chase Bank executive James R. Popp is joining Johnson Bank as president. Popp, who was Milwaukee market leader for Chase until this winter, also has been named executive vice president of Johnson Financial Group, the&nbsp;...Johnson Financial Group names Jim Popp President of Johnson Bank - urbanmilwaukee Jim Popp named Johnson Bank president - Journal Times'
p3
aS'Zacks.com featured highlights: James River Group Holdings, Louisiana-Pacific ... Nasdaq - 16 hours ago Zacks.com featured highlights: James River Group Holdings, Louisiana-Pacific, Bank of the Ozarks, Huntington Ingalls Industries and Aegean Marine Petroleum Network.'
p4
aS'The James A. Fieber Sells 9662 Shares of Bankwell Financial Group Inc  Stock Petro Global News 24 - Mar 23, 2017 Bankwell Financial Group Inc  Director James A. Fieber sold 9,662 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 21st.Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : James A ... - Energy Index'
p5
aS'Analyst Activity  Scotiabank Reiterates Sector Perform on Home Capital Group ... Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago 2/10/2017-Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterated Rating of Outperform. 2/9/2017-National Bank Financial was Downgraded by analysts at National Bank Financial from a Sector Perform Market Weight  rating to a  Underperform Market Weight rating.Home Capital Group Inc  Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS'Latest Stocks: The Insider Selling: Bankwell Financial Group Inc (BWFG ... Petro Global News 24 - 15 hours ago Bankwell Financial Group Inc  Director James A. Fieber sold 9,662 shares of Bankwell Financial Group stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was sold ... Bank . The Bank is a Connecticut state non-member bank.Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Todd ... - Energy Index'
p7
aS'Raymond James Financial Inc.: Raymond James Financial reports February 2017 ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 22, 2017 Raymond James Financial, Inc.  is a leading diversified financial services company providing private client group, capital markets, asset management, banking and other services to individuals, corporations and municipalities. The company has&nbsp;...Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive'
p8
aS"Raymond James Wins Biggest Deal on $15 Billion Mobileye Sale Bloomberg - Mar 14, 2017 Raymond James Financial Inc., the investment bank that's been an afterthought for years among mergers-and-acquisitions dealmakers, won its largest-ever advisory role by helping Israel's Mobileye NV reach an agreement to sell itself to Intel Corp.In latest milestone, Raymond James Financial joining S&amp;P 500 index group of ... - Tampabay.com "
p9
aS"As millennials 'Venmo' each other money, banks fight back with their own ... Los Angeles Times - Mar 27, 2017 SIGN UP for the free California Inc. business newsletter  ... In a report published this month, finance industry research firm Aite Group estimated that Americans made about $147 billion in digital p2p transfers last year, up from $100 billion the ..."
p10
a.