(lp0
S'Earnings Estimates Moving Higher for Bridgepoint Education : Time to Buy? Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc. BPI is a postsecondary education services provider that could be an interesting play for investors.Analyst Views On Top Movers In Recent Trade: Bridgepoint Education, Inc. (BPI ... - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 On March 15, 2017, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors  of Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  adopted the 2017 Short Term Incentive Plan . Under the 2017 Plan, certain of the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc versus Career Education Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Career Education Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Bridgepoint Education Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p3
aS'Equity Focus: Looking at Shares of Bridgepoint Education Inc  Baxter Review - 11 hours ago The 14-day ADX for Bridgepoint Education Inc  is currently 25.74. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p4
aS"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Bridgepoint Education Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Bridgepoint Education Inc Lifted by Analyst  - Sports Perspectives"
p5
aS"Bridgepoint Education Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  harnesses the latest technology to reimagine the modern student experience. Bridgepoint owns two academic institutions - Ashford University and University of the Rockies.BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market ExclusiveIs Bridgepoint Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About Its ... - Simply Wall St"
p6
aS"Bridgepoint Education Inc  Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By ... Chaffey Breeze - 12 hours ago Bridgepoint Education logo Bridgepoint Education Inc  announced its earnings results on Tuesday. The company reported  earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts' consensus estimates of $0.02 by $0.03."
p7
aS'Throwing In The Towel On Bridgepoint Education Seeking Alpha - Sep 14, 2016 For the record, the title and tone of this article was set before the disclosure Monday that Bridgepoint Education  had agreed to a consent order with the CFPB  relating to the marketing of private loans.Bridgepoint to refund $23.5 million to students - The San Diego Union-Tribune'
p8
aS"Why Isn't Bridgepoint A Penny Stock Yet? Seeking Alpha - Oct 23, 2016 Bridgepoint Education  is in the midst of a turnaround strategy that aims to correct the years of inadequate oversight and poor academic standards at its flagship online school, Ashford University."
p9
aS'Bridgepoint Education: The Rise And Fall Seeking Alpha - Jun 23, 2016 Bridgepoint Education  has come a long way from the Warburg Pincus seed money received in 2003. The transformation of an underperforming Catholic college into the third largest degree granting university in the nation by fall 2012 churning&nbsp;...'
p10
a.