(lp0
S'Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc. Announces Executive Appointments Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc.   today announced Bill Toler will assume the role of Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Development for GBC and Dale Taylor will assume the role of President of Olin&nbsp;...GLOBAL BRASS AND COPPER HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... - Market ExclusiveThe Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc  Insider Devin K. Denner Sells ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS"Global Brass and Copper Holdings'  CEO John Wasz on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc. Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.Is Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc's  Balance Sheet Strong Enough ... - Simply Wall StGLOBAL BRASS AND COPPER HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market Exclusive"
p2
aS'Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Global Brass and Copper Holdings logo Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc  issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday.'
p3
aS'Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc. Announces Date and Time for Release of ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc.   today announced that it will release financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2016 on Monday, March 6, after the close of the market.Martingale Asset Management LP Raises Position in Global Brass and Copper ... - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS'Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF. In order to examine the forward looking risk for Global Brass and ...'
p5
aS'Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 Net income attributable to Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc. for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $7.7 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, compared to $3.5 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, for the same period of 2015.'
p6
aS'Global Brass &amp; Copper Holdings Inc. MarketWatch - May 25, 2013 Global Brass &amp; Copper Holdings Inc. NYSE: BRSS. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p7
aS"Global Brass &amp; Copper Holdings Inc. BRSS  Wall Street Journal  - May 18, 2013 News Global Brass &amp; Copper Holdings Inc.BRSS. Significant News Only. 03/21/17; Press Release. 'Sixth man' helps keep Bellarmine athletes healthy."
p8
aS'Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc  Posts Quarterly Earnings Results ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 27, 2017 Global Brass and Copper Holdings logo Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc  released its quarterly earnings data on Monday.Global Brass And Copper Holdings, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For ... - Fiscal StandardGlobal Brass and Copper Holdings Inc  Announces Earnings Results - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial ... Business Wire  - Nov 3, 2016 Global Brass and Copper Holdings, Inc., through its wholly-owned principal operating subsidiary, Global Brass and Copper, Inc., is a leading, value-added converter, fabricator, processor and distributor of specialized non-ferrous products in North America.'
p10
a.