(lp0
S'BRT Apartments Corp. Completes Conversion From Massachusetts Business Trust to ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 GREAT NECK, NY-- - BRT Apartments Corp.   announced it successfully completed a planned conversion to a Maryland corporation from a Massachusetts business trust.BRT Apartments Corp.  Files An 8-K Material Modification to Rights of ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Form 25-NSE BRT Realty Trust Filed by: NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE LLC StreetInsider.com - Mar 20, 2017 This Form 25 is being filed solely in connection with the discontinuation of the trading on the NYSE of BRT Realty Trusts shares of beneficial interest and does not affect the continued listing on the NYSE of BRT Apartments Corp. common stock. The ...'
p2
aS"City replies $53M suit over BRT excessive London Free Press - 6 hours ago City council, however, is now considering route changes, including possibly moving one BRT line off King. In its statement of defence, the city says discussions involving staff were with representatives of Ayerswood Development Corp., the project's ..."
p3
aS'BRT REALTY TRUST  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... Market Exclusive - Dec 14, 2016 BRT Realty Trust  is a real estate investment trust . The Trust owns, operates and develops multi-family properties, and commercial and mixed use real estate assets.'
p4
aS'Equity Research Analysts at Exane BNP Paribas Maintained their Outperform ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 27, 2017 BRT Apartments Corp. is a real estate investment trust . The company has market cap of $115.45 million. The Trust is focused on the ownership, operation and development of multi-family properties.'
p5
aS'All you ever wanted to know about BRT in Hamilton Hamilton Spectator - Feb 3, 2017 If both the A-line bus service and B-line LRT go ahead, Hamilton would offer rapid transit along its most crucial transportation spines.'
p6
aS'Work for BRT terminus at Wagholi to begin soon Times of India - Nov 13, 2016 The Pune Municipal Corporation  has acquired about three acres for the terminus. A proposal to allot land was sanctioned by PMC about six month ago.'
p7
aS'Orange Line BRT receives funding commitment from transit board TwinCities.com-Pioneer Press - Aug 17, 2016 A board that helps fund metro area mass transit on Wednesday committed $37.5 million to the Orange Line, a planned 17-mile bus line that would run along Interstate 35W between downtown Minneapolis and Burnsville.CTIB offers $37.5 million compromise for Orange Line - Finance and Commerce'
p8
aS'BRT REALTY TRUST  Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits Market Exclusive - Feb 6, 2017 BRT Realty Trust  is a real estate investment trust . The Trust owns, operates and develops multi-family properties, and commercial and mixed use real estate assets.'
p9
aS'Connecting Eglinton West LRT and Mississauga BRT at Pearson Airport bridges ... Mississauga - Nov 1, 2016 Mississauga has not agreed to commit any funding to the Eglinton Crosstown West light rail transit project. Mayor Bonnie Crombie issued the statement after the release of a Toronto transit report on Monday that named Mississauga as a potential funding&nbsp;...'
p10
a.