(lp0
S"US, Peabody Energy Agree to $43 Million Environmental Fund; Bankruptcy Plan ... Insurance Journal - Mar 20, 2017 A U.S. judge formally approved Peabody Energy Corp.'s plan to emerge from bankruptcy late Friday after the coal producer struck a settlement with the U.S.Judge approves Peabody's bankruptcy exit plan - St. Louis Business Journal"
p1
aS'Peabody is dead. Long live Peabody. Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 New management: Whilst the presiding CEO and CFO were at the helm when the company went under, at the time they had been in their positions for less than a year.'
p2
aS'Peabody Energy Stipulation Filed Bankrupt Company News   - 15 hours ago The stipulation notes, It is hereby stipulated and agreed by and among the Parties through their undersigned counsel, and the Court ORDERS, as follows: The $255,546.04 Claim of Arshad Sayed against Peabody Energy Corporation  shall&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Peabody Energy's Reorganization Plan To Be Confirmed March 16 Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 The bankruptcy judge will, in my opinion, confirm the bankruptcy reorganization plan of Peabody Energy Corp.  after a hearing on March 16."
p4
aS'Peabody Energy: Shareholders Lose, But Will Anyone Win? Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 There is a titanic struggle going on about the future of Peabody Energy  as it seeks to emerge from bankruptcy.Peabody gets US court approval to pursue reorganization - ReutersPeabody Energy: Secures Approval to Exit Chapter 11 - TCC'
p5
aS"Former Peabody Energy Senior Executive Questions Management's Fiduciary Behavior Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2017 For readers unfamiliar with my work, please see my August 5, 2015, article: My Win-Win Letter To Peabody Energy's Management Team and Board of Directors."
p6
aS'Peabody Energy Files Financial Projections Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2017 Peabody Energy Corp.  finally filled its amended disclosure statement  that included financial projections, but as expected, it did not include a valuation exhibit.'
p7
aS'Peabody Energy Shareholders Are Getting Nothing Under A Reorganization Plan Seeking Alpha - Dec 23, 2016 Peabody Energy Corp.  filed a reorganization plan  late on December 22 that gives no recovery to shareholders and no recovery for convertible bond holders.Peabody Energy reorganization plan lacks mine cleanup coverage details - ReutersPeabody Energy Completes Key Milestone Toward Emergence From Chapter 11; Files ... - PR Newswire '
p8
aS"Peabody Energy And The 'Smash And Grab' Technique Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 The Peabody Energy senior management team had no skin in the game, collectively owning just .06% of company stock. This was a bad sign."
p9
aS'Peabody Energy Is Imploding Seeking Alpha - Jun 27, 2016 Peabody Energy Corp  is imploding. Australian operations could soon go into administration. The equity that the U.S.'
p10
a.