(lp0
S"Bovie Medical Receives 510K Clearance for Its Cool-Coag Generator and Open ... Business Wire  - Mar 27, 2017 Bovie Medical Corporation is also a leader in the manufacture of a range of electrosurgical products and technologies, marketed through both private labels and the Company's own well-respected brands  to distributors&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Bovie Medical Corporation's  CEO Rob Gershon on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Good afternoon and welcome to the Bovie Medical Corporation Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode.Bovie Medical Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS'Bovie Medical Corporation to Present at 29th Annual Roth Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Bovie Medical Corporation  , a maker of medical devices and supplies and the developer of J-Plasma, a patented new surgical product, announced today that Robert L. Gershon, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, will&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Alphatec Holdings Inc versus Bovie Medical Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - 18 hours ago These companies have the same star rating so the head-to-head compare will rely on a deep dive into specific metric comparisons. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p4
aS'Bovie Medical Corporation versus Fonar Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Fonar Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Bovie Medical Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p5
aS"Bovie Medical Announce Sales Channel Partnership with CONMED for PlazXact Business Wire  - Jan 19, 2017 Bovie Medical Corporation is also a leader in the manufacture of a range of electrosurgical products and technologies, marketed through both private labels and the Company's own well-respected brands  to distributors&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Bovie Medical Announces Sales Channel Partnership Agreement with Hologic for J ... Business Wire  - Jul 21, 2016 Bovie Medical Corporation is also a leader in the manufacture of a range of electrosurgical products and technologies, marketed through both private labels and the Company's own well-respected brands  to distributors&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Bovie Medical Provides J-Plasma Update PR Newswire  - Jan 31, 2017 CLEARWATER, Fla., Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bovie Medical Corporation , provided an update on its J-Plasma product.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Bovie Medical Corporation  versus Invacare ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bovie Medical Corporation  versus Invacare Corporation  .Bovie Medical Corporation Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call - Digital Journal'
p9
aS'Bovie Medical tanks after failing to renew J-Plasma deal with Hologic Mass Device - Feb 2, 2017 Bovie Medical shares fell 21.5% in trading on Wednesday after the announcement was made, opening at $3.80 and closing at $2.98.'
p10
a.