(lp0
S"Buffalo Wild Wings hires firm to push ahead on refranchising strategy CNBC - 11 hours ago &quot;We are excited to partner with The Cypress Group, which has a notable breadth of franchise deal experience and an extensive network of valuable relationships,&quot; Sally Smith, CEO of Buffalo Wild Wings, said in a statement. &quot;We anticipate engaging with&nbsp;...Buffalo Wild Wings is taking pages out of activist's playbook - Nation's Restaurant NewsBuffalo Wild Wings hires investment banker that activist shareholder wanted - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p1
aS"How Netflix could be having a chilling effect on Buffalo Wild Wings AOL Small Business - Mar 26, 2017 Could be, as the movie streaming giant continues to add to its subscriber base while sports bars like Buffalo Wild Wings lose customers quarter after quarter.The Key to Jumpstarting Buffalo Wild Wings - Barron's"
p2
aS"BRIEF-Marcato comments on Buffalo Wild Wings' retention of the Cypress Group Reuters - 11 hours ago Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings nabs Marcato nominee for own director slate Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 The San Francisco-based fund is Buffalo Wild Wings' fourth largest shareholder with a 5.6 percent stake. Buffalo Wild Wings said on Monday that James Damian, who had previously served as board chairman, and Michael Johnson will retire from the board at&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"BRIEF-Buffalo Wild Wings says retains Cypress Group to assist in portfolio ... Reuters - 13 hours ago Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"BRIEF-Marcato comments on Buffalo Wild Wings' board changes Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 BRIEF-Marcato comments on Buffalo Wild Wings' board changes. March 27 Marcato Capital Management: * Marcato comments on Buffalo Wild Wings' board changes. * Marcato Capital Management LP on Buffalo Wild Wings' board changes - &quot;In our view&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings nominates two for the board Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Fields is a former president of McDonald's USA, while Rovit is the CEO of CTI Foods and was originally put forth by Marcato Capital as a nominee."
p7
aS"Home brew contest winner's suds on tap at Buffalo Wild Wings Carroll County Times - Mar 25, 2017 In September his Brewthervillle Blonde Bock won him the home brew competition at the 2016 Maryland Microbrewery Festival at the Union Mills Homestead, and now Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants in Maryland are serving his beer on tap. Not only did Kexel's&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings 'hits the button' for March Madness Campaign US - Mar 16, 2017 Thirty-three years ago, a prescient individual walked into a Buffalo Wild Wingsknown to loyalists as &quot;B-Dubs&quot;and asked the bartender to switch the channel from MTV to one airing the local game.Buffalo Wild Wings Launches New March Madness Campaign With Four Commercials - SportsBusiness Daily Buffalo Wild Wings Launches We Do It For You Campaign Tied to NCAA March ... - Yahoo Finance"
p9
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings execs have 'not put their money where their mouth is ... CNBC - Mar 8, 2017 &quot;Since its IPO in 2003, Buffalo Wild Wings' Board and Management team have sold the vast majority of all stock ever owned,&quot; McGuire said in a statement.Investor Turns Up the Heat at Buffalo Wild Wings - Barron's"
p10
a.