(lp0
S"Cameron International Corporation's Earnings Leave Cause for Concern in 2015 Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2015 Falling oil prices didn't impact oil and gas equipment and services provider Cameron International Corporation  last quarter, or so it appears based on the just-released fourth-quarter earnings report.Cameron International Q4 Earnings Top, Revenues Lag - Zacks.com"
p1
aS"Schlumberger to Buy Cameron International for $12.7 Billion Wall Street Journal - Aug 26, 2015 Schlumberger Ltd., the world's largest oil-field service company, said Wednesday it would buy smaller rival Cameron International Corp. for $12.7 billion in cash and stock. Consolidation is expected across the energy sector as companies struggle with ...Schlumberger Announces Merger with Houston-based Cameron International Corp. - Houston PressSchlumberger to Buy Cameron in $14.8 Billion Oil Services Deal - Bloomberg"
p2
aS"Cameron International Is In For A World Of Hurt Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2016 Q4 revenue from Cameron's Subsea segment fell 7% Q/Q. It will likely fall further given the dearth in deep water equipment orders."
p3
aS"Despite Falling Oil Prices, Cameron International Corporation Reports Strong ... Motley Fool - Oct 23, 2014 Cameron's Surface segment grew orders 35% last quarter. Source: Cameron International. Oil and natural gas industry equipment maker Cameron International Corporation's  third-quarter earnings per share of $1.17 -- adjusted for one-time&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Sell Cameron Before Schlumberger Invokes Its MAC-Out Clause Seeking Alpha - Dec 21, 2015 In a shot in the arm to the oilfield services sector, in August Schlumberger  announced it was acquiring Cameron International  for $66 per share -- a 56% premium to its previous share price. The entire oilfield services sector ...'
p5
aS"Cameron: Will 'Industry Crisis' Cause Schlumberger To Walk? Seeking Alpha - Apr 1, 2016 It could give Schlumberger cause to walk away from its acquisition of Cameron International . Cameron's merger agreement likely includes a material adverse change &quot;MAC&quot; clause which allows Schlumberger to terminate the transaction in case&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Cameron sells offshore rig business Houston Business Journal - Aug 31, 2015 Houston-based Cameron International Corp.  has agreed to sell its offshore rig business to the U.S. subsidiary of a Singapore-based company for $100 million.Keppel acquires Cameron International's rig business - Splash 247Keppel O&amp;M to Acquire Cameron's Offshore Rig Business for $100M - Rigzone"
p7
aS"Ingersoll Rand completes purchase of Cameron division Buffalo News - Jan 5, 2015 Cameron International Corp.'s local employees have a new boss. They now work for Ingersoll Rand, after the company completed its $850 million purchase of a Cameron business division.Ingersoll Rand Acquires Assets of Cameron's Centrifugal Compression Division - Business Wire Cameron closes $850 million deal with Ingersoll Rand - OilOnline"
p8
aS"Why Schlumberger's Acquisition of Cameron International Is a Brilliant Move Motley Fool - Sep 25, 2015 When oilfield services giant Schlumberger  announced its intent to acquire a non-competitor -- Cameron International  -- late last month, it left many investors and industry watchers puzzled. Why on earth would the world's largest&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'No. 8 public company: Cameron International Corp. Houston Chronicle - Jun 23, 2013 Cameron International Corp. saw a record number of orders and revenue growth across key segments last year. The surge in business drove a 22 percent jump in sales and a 45 percent rise in earnings per share.'
p10
a.