(lp0
S"TD Securities Reiterates Buy Rating for Cascades Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 4 hours ago Cascades logo Cascades Inc 's stock had its buy rating reiterated by stock analysts at TD Securities in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday."
p1
aS"Cascades Inc upgraded as 'containerboard train' chugs along Financial Post - Aug 29, 2016 Cascades Inc. was upgraded at CIBC World Markets, where analyst Hamir Patel is advising clients not to stand in front of the containerboard train."
p2
aS'Cascades Inc. a trading opportunity ahead of seasonally strong quarters, says ... Financial Post - Jul 11, 2016 After a 27 per cent plunge in share price since January, Cascade Inc. has presented itself as a trading opportunity ahead of seasonally strong quarters for the packaging and tissue paper business, says National Bank Financial analyst Leon Aghazarian.'
p3
aS'Cascades Inc  PT Raised to C$13.50 Chaffey Breeze - Mar 28, 2017 Cascades Inc logo Cascades Inc  had its target price hoisted by National Bank Financial from C$12.50 to C$13.50 in a research note released on Friday morning.Cascades Inc  Given Consensus Recommendation of Buy by Analysts - Community Financial News'
p4
aS"BRIEF-Cascades Inc will build new tissue converting plant in Scappoose, Oregon Reuters - Jun 16, 2016 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Cascades Inc  Given Consensus Rating of Buy by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - Mar 26, 2017 Cascades logo Cascades Inc  has been assigned a consensus recommendation of Buy from the seven brokerages that are presently covering the firm.'
p6
aS'Cascades Inc.  EBITDA Yield &amp; Shareholder Return Update TCT - 6 hours ago Enterprise Value is calculated by taking the market capitalization plus debt, minority interest and preferred shares, minus total cash and cash equivalents.'
p7
aS'Cascades plans $11 million biomass boiler upgrade at Quebec plant Biomass Magazine - Feb 14, 2017 Cascades Inc., a global packaging and tissue products company, is revamping existing biomass boilers at its Cascades Containerboard PackagingCabano plant in Quebec, Canada, with the help of $5.2 million in financial aid from the provincial government,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'RDM to take over Cascades La Rochette board mill EUWID Pulp and Paper - Mar 16, 2016 Recycling board manufacturer Reno de Medici Spa  announced it has signed a memorandum of understanding with Cascades Inc to acquire the entire share capital of Cascades Sas. Cascades Sas runs one virgin fibre board mill in La Rochette,&nbsp;...Reno De Medici to acquire Cascades SAS cartonboard mill in France - Lesprom Network'
p9
aS"Is Cascades Inc's  Balance Sheet A Threat To Its Future? Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 While small-cap stocks, such as Cascades Inc  with its market cap of USD $938 Million, are popular for their explosive growth, investors should also pay heed to their balance sheet to judge whether the company can survive a downturn."
p10
a.