(lp0
S'Cass Information Systems  Buys UK-Based Effective Telecoms Ltd StreetInsider.com - Mar 6, 2017 Cass Information Systems Inc. , a leading provider of integrated information and payment management solutions, has acquired Effective Telecoms Ltd.'
p1
aS"BRIEF-Cass Information Systems acquires UK-based Effective Telecoms Ltd Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Cass Information Systems reports record earnings for 2016 STLtoday.com - Feb 6, 2017 Cass Information Systems Inc. on Monday said it achieved record earnings for 2016, bolstered by a strong performance in the fourth quarter.'
p3
aS'Cass Information Systems Inc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - Mar 22, 2017 Cass Information Systems Inc  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock lost 0.37% to close at $62.62.'
p4
aS"Ralph Clermont Joins Board of Directors of Cass Information Systems, Inc. Business Wire  - Oct 23, 2015 ST. LOUIS----Ralph Clermont has been appointed to the board of directors of Cass Information Systems, Inc. , the nation's leading provider of transportation, energy, telecom and waste invoice payment and information&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Cass Information Systems profits slip STLtoday.com - Apr 20, 2015 ... led to a $1.3 million or 6.1% increase in operating expenses, the company said in a press release. Cass, based in unincorporated west St. Louis County, provides invoice payment and information service for transportation, energy and telecom businesses.'
p6
aS'Basingstoke acquisition for Nasdaq-listed Cass Insider Media - Mar 8, 2017 Nasdaq-listed Cass Information Systems has acquired a telecom expense management business headquartered in Basingstoke. Cass has purchased Effective Telecoms Ltd  for an undisclosed sum as it &quot;continues to executive its global growth strategy&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Cass Information Systems promotes Mark Campbell to a division president STLtoday.com - Feb 20, 2015 Cass Information Systems Inc. promoted Mark Campbell to president of its transportation information systems division. The company provides transportation, utility and telecom invoice payment and information services.'
p8
aS'Cass Information Systems to lease Southside space Jacksonville Daily Record - Nov 15, 2012 Michael Loftin, managing director of leasing for Parkway Realty Services, representative of the property owner Deerwood Office Buildings LLC, said Cass Information Systems signed a lease for about 11,100 square feet of space and will move in by the ...'
p9
aS'Traders Take Note: Cass Information Systems Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Take Note: Cass Information Systems Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.