(lp0
S"Casey's General Stores Inc Continues to Fall Short of Stated Goals Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 For a number of years, Casey's General Stores  investors were rewarded by the small-town convenience chain's decision to become a major vendor of pizza and other prepared foods.Casey's General Stores Profit Slumps on Higher Expenses - Wall Street Journal Casey's General Stores Inc. Bottom Line Declines 40% In Q3 - Nasdaq"
p1
aS"A Favorite Among Institutions: Casey's General Stores, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Casey's General Stores, Inc. 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late.Casey's General Stores Inc  Announces Earnings Results - Chaffey BreezeCasey's General Stores Inc  Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS"Casey's General Stores Inc Admits It Won't Reach Goals, Ramps Up Expansion Motley Fool - Dec 8, 2016 While city dwellers might not be familiar with the name, those who live in rural America -- particularly the Midwest and Great Plains -- know that Casey's General Stores  is much more than just a gas station or convenience store. For ...Casey's Positioned for Future Growth - Convenience Store DecisionsCasey's  CEO Terry Handley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Bear of the Day: Casey's General Stores  Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Casey's General Stores, Inc.  is going through a rough patch as small town America is eating out less. This Zacks Rank #5  has missed four quarters in a row.Nutrisystem, Casey's General Stores, Texas Instruments,Telefonica and Deere ... - Nasdaq"
p4
aS"Why Casey's General Stores Inc. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 That's not to say Casey's General Stores' performance was terrible. The chain did, after all, set a fresh company record for fiscal Q1 earnings.Casey's General Stores Profit Rises, But Results Miss Expectations - Wall Street JournalCasey's General Stores Readies to Enter Ohio - CSNews Online"
p5
aS"Is Now A Good Time For Investors Looking For An Entry Point Into Casey's ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 Casey's General Stores, Inc. has demonstrated strong stock price appreciation over the last several years. The stock has pulled back from a 52-week high of about $136 per share, and is trading around $112 per share as of the writing of this article.3 Things Casey's General Stores Management Wants You to Know - Motley Fool"
p6
aS'Stock Check for Caseys General Stores Inc  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Investors have the ability to employ technical indicators when undertaking stock research. At the time of writing, Caseys General Stores Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of 10.95. Developed by Donald Lambert, the CCI is a versatile&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Gasoline And Pizza Are Casey's General Stores' Secret Weapons Against The ... Benzinga - Jul 25, 2016 Amazon.com, Inc.  has proven itself a tough competitor to retail companies while playing a large part in disappointing retail earnings over the past few quarters."
p8
aS'Caseys General Stores Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 Equities.com - Feb 28, 2017 Caseys General Stores Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 28, as the stock lost 2.72% to close at $114.58. On the day, Caseys General Stores Inc. saw 1.35 million shares trade hands on 12,258 trades. Considering that the stock averages&nbsp;...AQR Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Caseys General Stores, Inc.  - The Cerbat GemRecent Trading Alert: Caseys General Stores, Inc.  - Is stories'
p9
aS"Casey's General Stores Inc. Misses Estimate in Prepared-Foods Segment Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 Casey's General Stores , which operates quick-service gas and food stations in small towns throughout the rural Midwest, released first-quarter earnings Tuesday and Wall Street was not happy."
p10
a.