(lp0
S"A Look at Caterpillar Inc. and the Outlook for Infrastructure Companies Motley Fool - 15 hours ago In this segment from Motley Fool Money, the cast digs into Caterpillar's  growing issues with U.S. law enforcement before looking broadly at where the infrastructure industry may be headed after enjoying a bullish outlook thanks to the Trump&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Caterpillar Inc.  Closes 1.57% Up on the Day for March 28 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Shares of Caterpillar Inc.  ended the trading day Tuesday at $92.95, representing a move of 1.57%, or $1.44 per share, on volume of 3.86 million shares.Vetr Inc. announced Caterpillar Inc. , boosting its stock price ... - Breaking Finance News'
p2
aS'Caterpillar finalizes plan to close plant in Belgium Peoria Journal Star - Mar 27, 2017 PEORIA - A Caterpillar Inc. plant closure in Belgium will proceed as planned, with work for 2,000 employees there gradually phased out by the end of the year.'
p3
aS"Better Buy: Caterpillar Inc. vs. Illinois Tool Works Motley Fool - Mar 24, 2017 The stories behind Illinois Tool Works' and Caterpillar's rise, however, have few similarities, which is what makes both stocks so interesting."
p4
aS"3 Federal Agencies Raid Caterpillar Offices Benzinga - Mar 2, 2017 Agents from the Internal Revenue Services, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and U.S. Department of Commerce carried out a search warrant Thursday of three Caterpillar Inc.  facilities, including corporate headquarters. Caterpillar is&nbsp;...US authorities raid Caterpillar's Illinois facilities - ReutersCaterpillar Goes From White House Kudos to Multi-Agency Raid - Bloomberg"
p5
aS'UAW will wait to release results of Caterpillar contract vote Peoria Journal Star - Mar 26, 2017 PEORIA - Union workers at Caterpillar Inc. factories across the country voted Sunday on a proposed six-year contract, but they will have to wait until Monday to learn whether the agreement was ratified.UAW votes on Caterpillar contract; results not yet released - Herald & ReviewUAW members ratify CAT agreement - WAND'
p6
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for Caterpillar Inc.  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Caterpillar Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS"Optimistic retail sales report boosts Caterpillar stock price Peoria Journal Star - Mar 20, 2017 FILE - In this June 20, 2012, file photo, earth-moving tractors and equipment made by Peoria, Ill.-based Caterpillar Inc. are seen in Clinton, Ill.Caterpillar's stock leads Dow gainers after encouraging machine retail sales data - MarketWatch"
p8
aS"New Caterpillar CEO Asks Former US Attorney General to Assess and Help Address ... PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 PEORIA, Ill., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caterpillar Inc.  today announced it has retained former U.S. Attorney General William P. Barr as outside counsel.Caterpillar hires former US attorney general after raid - The State Journal-RegisterCaterpillar seeks ex-US att'y general's help over govt probe - CNBC"
p9
aS'Why Deere &amp; Company  Is Better Than Caterpillar Inc.  Investorplace.com - Mar 26, 2017 In the sector, two heavyweights that hog the limelight are Caterpillar Inc.  and Deere &amp; Company  with market capitalizations of $54.21 billion and $33.5 billion, respectively.'
p10
a.