(lp0
S'China Biologic Products Inc. Bottom Line Advances 31% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017  - China Biologic Products Inc.  revealed a profit for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.Stock Returns: Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus China ... - CML NewsChina Biologic Reports Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal ... - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: China Biologic Products Inc Implied Price ... CML News - 10 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that China Biologic Products Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p2
aS'China Biologic Products: An Alternative To The US Sector Seeking Alpha - May 17, 2016 China Biologic Products Inc. is a mid cap biotech focused on plasma based technology. The firm manufactures twenty products for use in emergency rooms and in the treatment of immuno-deficiency related illnesses.'
p3
aS"China Biologic Has A Wide Moat And Hedges Geographic Risk Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 China Biologic Products does not face the same political pressure faced by U.S based healthcare firms. It's industry is protected by the government."
p4
aS'Why Could China Biologic Products Inc  Not Be As Efficient As Its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 China Biologic Products Inc , with a ROE of 26.1% over the past twelve months, appeared relatively inefficient compared to the broader industry, which averaged 27.48% ROE.Insider Trading Activity China Biologic Products, Inc.   CEO ... - Market ExclusiveChina Biologic Products Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS"China Biologic Products'  CEO David Gao on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2017 Today you will hear from China Biologics Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. David Gao, who will start off the call with a review of recent Company developments, strategies, and basic operating results; followed by the Company's Senior Vice ..."
p6
aS'China Biologic Products Inc  Short Interest Update Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago China Biologic Products logo China Biologic Products Inc  was the target of a significant increase in short interest during the month of March.Latest Stocks: The Analysts Set $131.67 Target Price for China Biologic ... - Petro Global News 24Analysts Set $131.67 Target Price for China Biologic Products Inc  - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'China Biologic Products Becomes Oversold  Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 In trading on Tuesday, shares of China Biologic Products Inc  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 28.4, after changing hands as low as $100.10 per share.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: China Biologic Products Inc  versus Inovio ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for China Biologic Products Inc  versus Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc  .'
p9
aS'China Biologic Acquires Full Ownership of Guizhou Taibang PR Newswire  - Oct 26, 2016 BEIJING, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China Biologic Products, Inc. , a leading fully integrated plasma-based biopharmaceutical company in China, today announced that Guizhou Taibang Biological&nbsp;...'
p10
a.