(lp0
S'Bridgepoint Education Inc versus Career Education Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Career Education Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Bridgepoint Education Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p1
aS'Career Education Corporation - ROE 49.57%, One-Third Of Pure Cash, And No Debt Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Career Education Corporation has an outstanding balance sheet with no debt and tons of cash and impressive net income generation.'
p2
aS'Career Education Corporation: Multibagger Opportunity In The Near Term Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Arguably, the most burdensome of the rules the Department of Education passed. These rules prohibited companies from providing incentive compensation based around student enrollment.Career Education Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 27 - Equities.comStock Returns: Bridgepoint Education Inc  versus Career Education ... - CML News'
p3
aS'Career Education Corporation versus China Distance Education Holdings Limited ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 China Distance Education Holdings Limited has a higher fundamental rating then Career Education Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p4
aS'Career Education Corporation Reports Results for Third Quarter 2016 Business Wire  - Nov 3, 2016 Career Education Corporation revised its outlook for 2016 and 2017 consolidated adjusted EBITDA and year end cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments, net of borrowings, in order to incorporate recent stronger than expected&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Career Education Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 03 Equities.com - Mar 3, 2017 Career Education Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 03, as the stock gained 1.69% to close at $8.44.Deferred Tax Assets Of Career Education Corporation  At $3.606 ... - RealistInvestor.comToday The Analysts Anticipate Career Education Corp.  to Post ($0.06 ... - DailyQuint'
p6
aS"Kenda Gonzales Joins Career Education Corporation Board of Directors Business Wire  - Oct 26, 2016 SCHAUMBURG, Ill.----Career Education Corporation , a provider of postsecondary education programs, today announced that Kenda B. Gonzales has been appointed to the Company's Board of Directors."
p7
aS'Crunching the Numbers for Career Education Corp  Providence Standard - 8 hours ago Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for Career Education Corp  is resting at 0.27. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may ...'
p8
aS"Form 4 CAREER EDUCATION CORP For: Mar 06 Filed by: Czeszewski David C. StreetInsider.com - Mar 8, 2017 Get access to the best calls on Wall Street with StreetInsider.com's Ratings Insider Elite. Get your Free Trial here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C."
p9
aS'Latest Stocks: The Career Education Corp.  Stake Increased by Federated ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 27, 2017 Federated Investors Inc. PA boosted its position in shares of Career Education Corp.  by 279.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p10
a.