(lp0
S'Cempra: Why This Small-Cap Biotech May Soar Soon Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Cempra, Inc.  is an American, clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing anti-infectives for the acute care and communal diseases sectors.Cempra, Inc.  has Current Market Capitalizaion of $227.96 Million - The Newburgh Press'
p1
aS'Company Update : Cempra Inc Withdraws Solithromycin Marketing ... Smarter Analyst - 17 hours ago Cempra Inc  announced that the company has withdrawn its marketing authorization application  seeking European Medicines Agency  approval of oral capsule and intravenous formulations of solithromycin for the treatment of&nbsp;...Cempra pulls European marketing application for antibiotic - BioPharma DiveCempra withdraws pneumonia drug application from European regulator - Durham Herald Sun'
p2
aS'Cempra Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - 18 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Cempra Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p3
aS"Company Update : Here's Why Cempra Inc Shares Crashing 15% Smarter Analyst - Feb 28, 2017 Cempra Inc  investors are running for the hills after the drug maker disclosed a clinical setback in its financial results today, saying that its Phase 3 clinical trial, SOLITAIRE-U, for the treatment of uncomplicated genitourinary ...Cempra Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.comBlog Coverage Cempra Announced Positive Results from the Phase-III Study for ... - Yahoo Finance"
p4
aS"Another Crash Snuffs Out The Cempra Rally Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Cempra's  mini-rally did not last long. A phase III failure of its lead antibiotic, solithromycin, in gonorrhoea has cancelled out last week's gains from positive results with its second-most advanced asset, Taksta.Featured Stock: Cempra, Inc.  - HugoPressCempra Inc  Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of  Per Share - Chaffey Breeze"
p5
aS'Stock Watch: Examining the Levels on Shares of Cempra, Inc.  The Standard - 15 hours ago Looking at shares of Cempra, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 63982. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p6
aS'Cempra, Inc  shares to see major resistance at $4.53 USA Commerce Daily - 15 hours ago With all other things going on, Cempra, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -26.27 percent in just three months.'
p7
aS'Stock Update : Cempra Inc Retains Morgan Stanley to Lead Review ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 13, 2017 Cempra Inc  announced that the company has retained Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. LLC as financial advisor to the company and to lead its recently announced process to review strategic business options.Cempra Retains Morgan Stanley to Lead Review of Strategic Business Options - GlobeNewswire Stock Showing Surging Activity: Cempra, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p8
aS"Tuesday's Market Insights: Castle Brands Inc , Seadrill Ltd (SDRL ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 28, 2017 Castle Brands Inc  shares skyrocketed over 40% after the premium branded spirits company announced an agreement to supply Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer and Goslings Stormy Diet Ginger Beer to all U.S."
p9
aS'Cempra to Present at 29th Annual ROTH Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 3, 2017 CHAPEL HILL, N.C., March 03, 2017  -- Cempra, Inc. , a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing differentiated anti-infectives for the acute care and community settings to meet critical medical needs&nbsp;...'
p10
a.