(lp0
S"What You Must Know About CF Industries Holdings Inc's  Financial Health Simply Wall St - 10 hours ago Small-caps and large-caps are wildly popular among investors; however, mid-cap stocks, such as CF Industries Holdings Inc  with a market-capitalization of USD $6.82 Billion, rarely draw their attention and few analysts cover them.CF Industries Holdings Inc.  Rises 3.42% for March 28 - Equities.comInstitutions Attracted to This Stock; Holding Majority of Shares: CF ... - Midway Monitor"
p1
aS'Analysts Near-Term outlook: CF Industries Holdings, Inc. , Newfield ... The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago Presently CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 3.00. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.'
p2
aS'The Technical Charts For CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  Say It All Today NY Stock News - 18 hours ago The technicals for CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p3
aS'CF Industries Holdings Inc.  Rises 3.76% for March 20 Equities.com - Mar 20, 2017 Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Monday March 20 was CF Industries Holdings Inc. , popping some 3.76% to a price of $30.39 a share with some 6.27 million shares trading hands.Experts Analysis: CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  - Post Registrar'
p4
aS'CF Industries Holdings Inc Risk Points versus Materials CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for CF Industries Holdings Inc  compared to its own past and the Materials ETF.'
p5
aS'CF Industries  Down 14.4% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? Nasdaq - Mar 23, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for CF Industries Holdings, Inc. CF . Shares have lost about 14.4% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Most Active Volume Stock: CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  - HugoPressCF Industries Holdings, Inc. surged in the Previous Trading Session with the ... - Free Observer'
p6
aS'Sell-side Target Update on CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  Stock Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Using data provided from various analysts, shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  are presently listed with an ABR of 2.83.'
p7
aS'Estimating the intrinsic value of CF Industries Holdings Inc  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 In this article I am going to calculate the intrinsic value of CF Industries Holdings  by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p8
aS"Why Investors remained confident on CF Industries Holdings, Inc. , Oasis ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 20, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -1.41 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p9
aS"Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of CF Industries Holdings, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -1.41 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p10
a.