(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy on Colfax Corp  Market Exclusive - Mar 25, 2017 Today, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated its Buy rating on Colfax Corp  with a price target of $43.00. There are 1 sell rating, 4 hold ratings, 6 buy ratings on the stock.Colfax Corp  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research - BNB Daily Colfax Corp  Receives $37.61 Consensus Target Price from Analysts - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS"Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for Colfax Corp  Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Colfax Corp logo Colfax Corp 's stock had its buy rating reiterated by equities research analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a research report issued on Friday."
p2
aS'Colfax Corp. - Restructuring Efforts To Counter Downturn In Top Line Performance Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2015 Colfax Corp , the industrial manufacturing and engineering company reported an adjusted EPS of $0.24, which is significantly below our expectations for the third quarter.'
p3
aS'Latest Stocks: The Colfax Corp  Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Petro Global News 24 - Mar 27, 2017 Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Colfax Corp  in a research report report published on Friday.'
p4
aS'Shares of Colfax Corporation Plunge 10% Despite Topping Estimates Motley Fool - May 3, 2016 What: Shares of Colfax Corporation , a leading global manufacturer of gas and fluid handling and fabrication products and services, are dropping 10% after the company announced its first-quarter financial results.'
p5
aS'CFO Moves: Colfax Corp., Nektar Therapeutics, Western Refining Logistics Wall Street Journal  - Jun 2, 2016 Colfax Corp., a manufacturing and engineering company based in Annapolis Junction, Md., named Christopher Hix finance chief, following the filing of its second-quarter report.'
p6
aS"Colfax Corp.'s New CFO Has a Winning Record TheStreet.com - Jun 3, 2016 There are a few people out there that we just admire, and one of them I do is Christopher Hix, whom Colfax Corp.  named yesterday as its chief financial officer."
p7
aS"Adding value to a company  and community Charlotte Business Journal - Feb 24, 2017 Kevin Chapman's career took several twists and turns before he landed at Colfax Corp. as North America legal counsel. After he graduated from UNC Chapel Hill with a bachelor's degree in business administration, Chapman was a finance associate at what&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Colfax to acquire business unit from Siemens AG for $205 million Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 8, 2017 Colfax Corp. is continuing its growth after agreeing to a $205 million deal to acquire a business unit from German conglomerate Siemens AG.Colfax Announces Acquisition of Siemens Turbomachinery Equipment GmbH - GlobeNewswire '
p9
aS'Colfax Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call GlobeNewswire  - Jan 24, 2017 Annapolis Junction, MD, Jan. 24, 2017  -- Colfax Corporation  , a leading global manufacturer of gas- and fluid-handling and fabrication technology products and services, today announced that it will issue a press&nbsp;...'
p10
a.