(lp0
S"Chesapeake Energy+3% after bullish view from Wunderlich analyst Seeking Alpha - 11 hours ago CHK's early results from its Powder River Basin and Mid-Continent plays are &quot;positive developments as the company ramps activity in the areas with a focus on driving oil growth going forward,&quot; Wrangler writes.Taking a Fresh Look at Chesapeake Energy Corporation  - StockNewsJournalIgnore the Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Death Cross  For Now - Investorplace.com"
p1
aS'Form 8-K CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORP For: Mar 28 StreetInsider.com - 19 hours ago The management of Chesapeake Energy Corporation  will present at the Scotia Howard Weil Energy Conference 2017 on Tuesday, March 28, 2017.'
p2
aS"Chesapeake Energy: Liquidity Matters Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Chesapeake's high financial leverage and high operational leverage are the obvious culprits of the most recent underperformance."
p3
aS"Chesapeake Energy: Considerable Progress Is Not An Investment Thesis Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Negative cash flow means that company has no value until there is adequate cash flow from operations. Asset values are hurt by continuing impairment charges and charges to gain release from contracts.Active Volume Stock: Chesapeake Energy Corporation  - HugoPressChesapeake Energy Corporation : Reviewing Company's Shares - Post Registrar"
p4
aS"Chesapeake Energy: Be Patient Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 The stock price will remain under pressure in the short-term as Chesapeake Energy's stock price has always been highly correlated to the commodity prices.Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Stock Is an Absolute Steal Right Now - Investorplace.comChesapeake Energy's stock could double in a year, analyst says - MarketWatch"
p5
aS"Most Active Volume Stock: Chesapeake Energy Corporation  HugoPress - 17 hours ago Stifel Nicolaus Initiates Coverage On Chesapeake Energy Corporation 's stock to Buy with no specific Price Target."
p6
aS"Insider Trading Alert: Chesapeake Energy Insiders Are Loading Up The Truck Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 A case in point is oil and natural gas company Chesapeake Energy Corp. which has made two filings with the U.S. Securities And Exchange Commission in March regarding insider dealings.Chesapeake Energy: Why CHK Won't Bottom Soon - Investorplace.comChesapeake Energy Corporation : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS'Insider Buying In Chesapeake Energy Signals BUY Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Chesapeake Energy Corp  filed a Form 4 this morning showing that Ryan Thomas, a director and 10% owner of the company bought 50,000 shares in multiple trades from $5.38 to $5.42s on capitulation in the share price.'
p8
aS"Chesapeake Energy: It's Going To Be Daunting Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Chesapeake Energy lost $0.05 per share last year, but its bottom-line is showing some signs of life and it has also managed to improve its financial health.3 Big Stock Charts for Wednesday: Chesapeake Energy Corporation , Nvidia ... - Investorplace.comChesapeake Energy Corporation  Dips 3.77% for March 02 - Equities.com"
p9
aS"Chesapeake Energy Corporation : Essential Chart Information NY Stock News - 11 hours ago Chesapeake Energy Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.