(lp0
S'Cherokee Inc., A Small Core Stock Making Big Moves Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2017 Cherokee Inc.  has worked hard to diversify and grow its revenues through acquisition, including its most recent, Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings.'
p1
aS'Cherokee Inc  Stake Increased by Two Sigma Investments LP Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Cherokee logo Two Sigma Investments LP increased its stake in Cherokee Inc  by 62.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Wall Street Stories: Cherokee Inc. , Determine, Inc. (NASDAQ:DTRM ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p2
aS"Cherokee Inc versus Kingold Jewelry Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago These companies have the same star rating so the head-to-head compare will rely on a deep dive into specific metric comparisons. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p3
aS'Cherokee Inc. Announces Entry into Hi-Tec Acquisition Documents and Pricing of ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 29, 2016 Cherokee Inc.  , a global marketer and manager of a portfolio of fashion and lifestyle brands, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all issued and outstanding share capital ...Cherokee to Acquire Hi-Tec Shoemaker for $96 Million - San Fernando Valley Business JournalCherokee to buy Hi-Tec Sports in $95M share purchase deal - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS"Cherokee's Fiscal Q2 Didn't Help The Bull Case Seeking Alpha - Oct 10, 2016 With the Target deal expiring, and the Tony Hawk agreement with Kohl's still questionable, CHKE's value going forward depends on its ability to leverage the brand with new agreements."
p5
aS'PT Review for Cherokee Inc.  Shares Aiken Advocate - 19 hours ago Zacks research also gives calculated recommendations from sell-side analysts that cover company shares. These recommendations land on a simplified scale provided by Zacks Research.'
p6
aS'Cherokee Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 6, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Cherokee Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.'
p7
aS'Option Market Alert: Cherokee Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Amplified Level CML News - Mar 24, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Cherokee Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p8
aS'CHEROKEE INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... Market Exclusive - Nov 29, 2016 On November 29, 2016, Cherokee Inc.  entered into an underwriting agreement  with Roth Capital Partners, LLC , relating to the firm commitment public offering of 3,685,000 shares of the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Cherokee Inc.  Fiscal Standard - Mar 28, 2017 Stock market analysts and brokers have recently amended their target prices on shares of Cherokee Inc. . According to the latest research reports released, 0 analysts have issued a rating of buy, 2 analysts outperform, 1 analysts hold ...Cherokee Inc.  EPS Projection At $0.27 - RealistInvestor.comNew Analyst Ratings On Cherokee Inc.  - NewsDen'
p10
a.