(lp0
S'Brokerage Analyst Weighing in on Chemtura Corp.  Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago Zacks research also gives calculated recommendations from sell-side analysts that cover company shares. These recommendations land on a simplified scale provided by Zacks Research.'
p1
aS"Why Chemtura Corp.'s Shares Popped 16% Today Motley Fool - Sep 26, 2016 Shares of specialty chemical company Chemtura Corp.  jumped as much as 16.1% in trading Monday after agreeing to a buyout offer.Lanxess to Buy Chemtura for $2.1 Billion in Additives Push - Bloomberg"
p2
aS'Chemtura Corp  Shares Bought by Comerica Bank The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Chemtura Corp logo Comerica Bank increased its position in shares of Chemtura Corp  by 6.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Chemtura Corp.  - Fiscal StandardChemtura Corporation  will increase prices globally for Petroleum ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p3
aS'Chemtura Corporation Files Form 10-K Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 Chemtura Corporation makes available free of charge on its web site, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, reports filed pursuant to Section 16 of the U.S.Chemtura Corporation: Chemtura Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 ... - The Wall Street TranscriptChemtura  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Lanxess AG and Chemtura Corp: Upcoming/New CFIUS Filing The National Law Review - Oct 13, 2016 On September 25, 2016, Chemtura Corp., a U.S. based global manufacturer and marketer of specialty chemicals, announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement whereby Chemtura would be acquired by Lanxess AG, a global specialty chemicals&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Watch: Focusing in on Chemtura Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 9 hours ago Many investors may have to work through multiple trading strategies to find one that works for them. Some individuals may be looking to monitor stock price momentum by looking at different historical data.'
p6
aS'Chemtura Announces Stockholder Approval of Merger Agreement With LANXESS GlobeNewswire  - Feb 1, 2017 PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 01, 2017  -- Chemtura Corporation   today announced that at a special meeting of stockholders held today, Chemtura stockholders voted to approve and adopt the previously&nbsp;...Chemtura approves Lanxess deal - RubberNews.com'
p7
aS'Global Thermoplastic Polyolefin Market Analysis 2016 Forecast to 2022 with ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 This report analyzes the global markets for &quot;Thermoplastic Polyolefin&quot;. The market assessment is performed through standard and the tailored research methodology approach.'
p8
aS'Street Analyst Thoughts on Shares of Chemtura Corp.  Melville Review - 17 hours ago Covering sell-side analysts currently have a consensus stock rating of 2.71 on shares of Chemtura Corp. . Covering analysts will frequently provide Sell, Hold, or Buy recommendations based on their research.'
p9
aS'Chemtura Corp  Shares Bought by Guggenheim Capital LLC The Cerbat Gem - Mar 24, 2017 Chemtura Corp logo Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its stake in Chemtura Corp  by 22.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Chemtura Increases Prices for Petroleum Additives Products - Business Wire '
p10
a.