(lp0
S'Cinedigm Corp.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 Cinedigm Corp.  has entered into a term sheet with a third party lender with respect to an asset-based loan facility to be secured on a first lien basis.'
p1
aS'Cinedigm Registration To Put More Downward Pressure On Stock Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Cinedigm  has registered 1.1 million shares of its common stock for sale by certain selling stockholders. The company has a pile of debt, weakening top line revenues, and belated expense rationalization.'
p2
aS"Cinedigm's Focus On OTT Is The Future Seeking Alpha - Nov 30, 2016 The subscription business for niche audiences demands low customer acquisition costs, fresh content and high retention rates. 2017 will be an important year for management to prove itself as it executes in this competitive space with a large market&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Cinedigm Reaches Agreement With Activist Shareholders  Variety - Jul 31, 2015 Cinedigm Corp. will appoint four new directors to its board after reaching a settlement agreement this week that ends a protracted standoff with a group of activist investors.Struggling Cinedigm Adds Activist Investor Reps To Board - Deadline'
p4
aS"Cinedigm Corp  Making A Comeback Insider Financial - May 5, 2016 Many investors had written Cinedigm Corp  off after the company made new 52 week lows earlier this year. However, the company surprised many after announcing that, in aggregate, Cinedigm's over-the-top streaming channels - Dove&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Cinedigm Corp.: Cinedigm Acquires All North American Rights to Two Feature ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 3, 2017 LOS ANGELES---- Cinedigm Corp.  announced today that the Company has closed an agreement to acquire all North American rights to two feature films produced by James Franco, Jennifer Howell and Vince Jolivette's&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Expanding The Footprint: Cord-Cutters are now Finding Cinedigm  Equities.com - Jan 12, 2017 Headquartered in New York City, Cinedigm Corp.  provides digital media assets, namely film and television properties, within North America and abroad.'
p7
aS"Cinedigm Corp  Director Zvi Michael Rhine Purchases 20000 Shares Chaffey Breeze - Mar 28, 2017 Cinedigm Corp logo Cinedigm Corp  Director Zvi Michael Rhine bought 20,000 shares of the business's stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th.Cinedigm Corp third-quarter loss narrows on a YOY basis - Myiris.comCinedigm Corp  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard"
p8
aS"The Cinedigm Content Library - Powering Netflix, iTunes, Amazon And YouTube Seeking Alpha - Oct 23, 2013 With this move, Cinedigm has conclusively changed their mix of business to be dominated by content. In the past investors didn't like the theater servicing business as much so CIDM shares were penalized for hit."
p9
aS'Value Score in View for Cinedigm Corp.  SKV News - 8 hours ago Taking a look at shares of Cinedigm Corp. , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 64. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or&nbsp;...'
p10
a.