(lp0
S"Chimera Investment Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 29, 2017 Nasdaq - 19 hours ago Chimera Investment Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 29, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.5 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 28, 2017.Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Southwestern Energy Company ... - The USA CommerceFeatured Stock Overview: Chimera Investment Corporation  - HugoPress"
p1
aS"Chimera Investment Corp.: Best-In-Class Mortgage REIT Yields 11% Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 Chimera Investment Corp.  keeps on hitting the ball out of the park. Chimera Investment Corp. had another quarter of strong core earnings, which continued to improve the mortgage REIT's already great dividend coverage stats.Chimera Investment Corp. Q4 Income Advances 21% - NasdaqChimera Investment Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 15 - Equities.com"
p2
aS'Chimera Investment: 8% With A Twist Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Chimera Investment Corp.  tapped the preferred market for the second time in under six months, raising nearly $300 million.'
p3
aS"Chimera Investment Corp.: Why I Am Selling  Seeking Alpha - Dec 5, 2016 Chimera Investment Corp.  has been one of the best performing income investments for me this year. So far, Chimera Investment's shares have risen 23.3 percent in 2016, which is a superb return for any high-yield income vehicle where one&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Chimera Investment Corp.: A View From The Perspective Of A Preferred Investor Seeking Alpha - Oct 24, 2016 When considering the acquisition of Chimera Investment Corporations'  preferred shares, CIM-A, it's necessary that we view that company through a different set of eyes than we would were we interested in acquiring its common shares."
p5
aS"Why I Have Ditched This High-Flying 10% Yielder Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Mortgage real estate investment trust Chimera Investment Corp.'s  shares have been flying higher and higher this year on the back of soaring investor optimism in high yield income vehicles.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF ... - The USA CommerceIntraday Movers: Chimera Investment Corporation  , Globe Specialty ... - NYSE Journal "
p6
aS'Why to Keeping Eye on Chimera Investment Corporation , Ameren Corporation ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Hot Stock Update: Chimera Investment Corporation  - HugoPressWhat Chimera Investment Corporation  Is Telling Investors Via Its ... - NY Stock News'
p7
aS'Near-Term Price Target Update on Chimera Investment Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago Covering equity analysts have a near-term target price of $16.5 on shares of Chimera Investment Corporation . This consensus estimate is compiled by Zacks Research using 3 contributing analysts.'
p8
aS'Traders Secrets on Chimera Investment Corporation , Lumentum Holdings Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.News Recap: Chimera Investment Corporation  , Cimarex Energy Co ... - NYSE Journal '
p9
aS"Can We Learn Anything From The Technical Chart of Chimera Investment ... NY Stock News - Mar 27, 2017 Chimera Investment Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.