(lp0
S"Digging Up the Facts on Colgate-Palmolive Company  StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Personal Products. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $73.67, down from yesterday's close by -0.34%.Colgate-Palmolive Co. declined in the Previous Trading Session with the Change ... - Free ObserverColgate-Palmolive Company  Shares Bought by United Capital Financial ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'The Technicals For Colgate-Palmolive Company  Tell An Interesting Tale NY Stock News - 18 hours ago The technicals for Colgate-Palmolive Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p2
aS'Still A Value Trap?  Dollar Tree, Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Company  USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago Shares of Dollar Tree, Inc.  observed rebound of 4.93% since bottoming out at $72.55 on Nov. 09, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 2.46% in the past five days, the stock price is now down -1.36% so far on the year - still in weak territory.'
p3
aS"Is It Time to go for Navient Corporation , Colgate-Palmolive Company ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 30.96, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p4
aS"The Charts For Colgate-Palmolive Company  Is Speaking Volumes Today NY Stock News - Mar 27, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p5
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Company  Technicals Are Painting A Bleak Picture USA Commerce Daily - Mar 27, 2017 With all other things going on, Colgate-Palmolive Company  has been on a run - rising 12.18 percent in just three months.'
p6
aS'Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Hold on Colgate-Palmolive ... Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 Today, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated its Hold rating on Colgate-Palmolive Company  with a price target of $74.00.Colgate-Palmolive Dividend Stock Analysis For 2017 - Seeking AlphaHow Does Colgate-Palmolive Company  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournal'
p7
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Expands Global Efforts to Make Every Drop of Water Count ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 With one in 10 people worldwide lacking access to clean water, raising awareness of the importance of conservation is more important than ever.CDP A-List: Why It Matters - Lexology '
p8
aS"Why Colgate-Palmolive Company's Shares Popped 13% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Not coincidentally, Colgate-Palmolive shares started rising just as any deal between Kraft and Unilever fell apart. Traders were certainly thinking the two companies would work well together, driving shares higher short-term. But this is really ...How Analysts See Colgate-Palmolive Company  Perform Over The Next Year? - Simply Wall StAnalyst's Predictions on Colgate-Palmolive Company , Best Buy Co., Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p9
aS"Colgate-Palmolive  Up 7.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Colgate-Palmolive Company CL. Shares have added about 7.5% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Today's Brokerage Rating: HCP, Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Company  - StockNewsJournalWhat Analysts are Predicting For Colgate-Palmolive Company , Union Pacific ... - The USA Commerce"
p10
a.