(lp0
S"5 Things Core Laboratories NV's Management Wants You to Know About What's ... Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 Core Laboratories  literally has its ear to the ground when it comes to deciphering what's going on in the oil market."
p1
aS'Better Buy: Core Laboratories NV vs. Forum Energy Technologies Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Two beaten-down stocks to consider are reservoir specialist Core Laboratories  and the more diverse Forum Energy Technologies .Core Laboratories NV  Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemThe Michael Straughen Buys 106 Shares of Core Laboratories NV  Stock - DailyQuint'
p2
aS'Core Laboratories NV Earnings Bottom Out Motley Fool - Jul 21, 2016 The second quarter was mixed, both for the oil sector and for Core Laboratories . For the industry, oil prices rebounded sharply, however, oil and gas activities were still bottoming out, evidenced by a 23% sequential decline in the U.S.'
p3
aS'Core Laboratories NV Earnings Flatten Out Motley Fool - Oct 20, 2016 Core Laboratories  thought the third quarter would mark the start of a rebound in its financial results. Driving this view was the expectation that industry activity levels would improve due to seasonality and that a &quot;V-Shaped&quot; oil market ...Core Laboratories NV  CEO David Demshur on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Core Laboratories NV Earnings Hit by the Rig Count Slide Motley Fool - Apr 21, 2016 The global drilling rig count continues to fall, dropping by another 21% last quarter, which cut deeply into spending for oilfield services.'
p5
aS'Core Laboratories NV  Consensus Alert Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Covering equity analysts have a near-term target price of $123.428 on shares of Core Laboratories N.V. . This consensus estimate is compiled by Zacks Research using 7 contributing analysts.'
p6
aS"The Highly Anticipated Earnings Recovery at Core Laboratories NV Finally Takes ... Motley Fool - Jan 26, 2017 Core Laboratories' financial results finally hit bottom and started bouncing back during the fourth quarter. The rebound was even sharper than the company expected, with results rising above the high end of its guidance range.Core Lab Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Results: - PR Newswire "
p7
aS"3 Key Metrics Core Laboratories NV Investors Should Focus On This Week Motley Fool - Jan 23, 2017 Core Labs  expects to report fourth-quarter and full-year results this Wednesday after markets close. That report will provide investors with several important data points that should give them a clearer picture of the company's ability to ..."
p8
aS'Checking the Charts on Shares of Core Laboratories NV  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago At the time of writing, Core Laboratories NV  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of 43.56. Originally developed by Donald Lambert, the CCI was created to identify long-term changes in trends, but it has been used by traders for different ...'
p9
aS'Analyst Activity  Tudor Pickering Initiates Coverage On Core Laboratories ... Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 Core Laboratories N.V. provides reservoir description, production enhancement and reservoir management services to the oil and gas industry.Core Laboratories  Given a $133.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts - The Cerbat GemScotiabank Analysts Give Core Laboratories  a $133.00 Price Target - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.