(lp0
S'Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. Ends Q4 With Plenty of Cash and Several Key Studies ... Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 Celldex Therapeutics CEO Anthony Marucci focused on where his company is headed: &quot;Celldex made important progress across our pipeline in the fourth quarter, including successfully completing the integration of Kolltan Pharmaceuticals and its novel RTK&nbsp;...Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Lowers Its Price Target On Celldex ... - Market ExclusiveCelldex Therapeutics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com'
p1
aS"Better Buy: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. vs. Juno Therapeutics Inc Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  and Juno Therapeutics Inc  are two of last year's worst-performing biotech stocks.Hot Stock Overview: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  - HugoPressHot Stocks Among Investors: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. , Pier 1 Imports ... - Post Analyst"
p2
aS"Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. Is Feeling Some Pressure Today -- Here's Why Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  a clinical-stage biotech developing targeted cancer therapies, were down about 10% as of 2:45 p.m.Celldex Therapeutics  Q4 Earnings: What's in Store? - Yahoo FinanceIs Celldex Therapeutics  The Next TG Therapeutics Inc   "
p3
aS'Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. Celldex Therapeutics Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Agenus Inc  and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  bear an uncanny resemblance to each other. Both clinical-stage biotechs are focused on developing novel cancer therapies and reported clinical-trial failures with vaccine&nbsp;...Sizling Stock Update: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p4
aS'Celldex: Where Does This Small Biotech Stock Go From Here? Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Celldex Therapeutics is a small biopharmaceutical company based just outside of New York City and is headquartered in New Jersey.Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  shows monthly volitility of 5.65% - The Newburgh PressTrading Sheet: Watching the Numbers for Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  - The Standard'
p5
aS'Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  Stock Technicals are in the neutral area USA Commerce Daily - 15 hours ago With all other things going on, Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -6.93 percent in just three months.'
p6
aS"Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - Mar 22, 2017 Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Biotechnology. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $3.17, down from yesterday's close by -5.93%.Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  Receives $7.63 Consensus Target Price from ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p7
aS"Technicals in Focus for Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 22, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS'Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  Quarterly EPS Projection At $-0.28 Stock Observer - 13 hours ago The estimates are stated by Zacks, and so, they can move from the likely predictions of FactSet. It can be documented to the basic side that both entities get stocks perspective from different groups.'
p9
aS"Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $3.33 while ends ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 27, 2017 Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  stock price ended its day with gain 1.83% and finalized at the value of $3.33. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 1.28 million shares."
p10
a.