(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Clearfield Inc  versus ClearOne Inc  CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clearfield Inc  versus ClearOne Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Top Sales Projection Of Clearfield, Inc.  At $97 - Investor Newswire'
p1
aS'Clearfield, Inc. Pairs Zhone Technologies Access Hardware with Clearview ... PR Newswire  - Oct 6, 2015 Clearfield, Inc. designs, manufactures and distributes fiber optic management products, helping service providers reduce the high costs associated with deploying, managing, protecting and scaling a fiber optic network to deliver mobile, residential and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Investor Chatter: Looking at Shares of Clearfield, Inc.  The Standard - 15 hours ago Tracking shares of Clearfield, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 206198. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.'
p3
aS'CommScope sues Clearfield for patent infringement LightWave Online - Feb 2, 2017 CommScope, whose cabling products portfolio includes several FTTx products, has sued fellow fiber-optic cabling product vendor Clearfield, Inc. for what CommScope asserts is infringement of 13 of its patents. The complaint alleges that such Clearfield&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Clearfield Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A ... CML News - Mar 24, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Clearfield Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p5
aS'CLEARFIELD, INC.  Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of ... Market Exclusive - Feb 24, 2017 Clearfield, Inc. manufactures, markets and sells fiber management and enclosure platform that consolidates, distributes and protects fiber as it moves from the inside plant to the outside plant and all the way to the home, business and cell site.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Calix Inc  versus Clearfield Inc  CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Calix Inc  versus Clearfield Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Clearfield Inc  CML News - Jan 14, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Clearfield Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Digi International Inc  is Beating Clearfield Inc ... CML News - Mar 2, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clearfield Inc  versus Digi International Inc  .'
p9
aS"Pulling the Curtain Back on Clearfield, Inc.  Earnings &amp; Predictions Melville Review - Mar 24, 2017 Wall Street is predicting that Clearfield, Inc. 's earnings per share  will be $0.1 when the firm is expected to announce earnings around 2017-04-27."
p10
a.