(lp0
S"Clean Energy: Not So Bright Future Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 After Clean Energy Fuels  reported Q4 results, my quick analysis highlighted some flaws in the numbers. A lot of comments claimed my analysis wasn't forward looking enough and didn't factor in a positive future from the deal with BP&nbsp;...Analysts Near-Term outlook: Clean Energy Fuels Corp. , Mattel, Inc.  - The USA CommerceClean Energy Fuels Corp.  Plunges 5.79% on March 14 - Equities.com"
p1
aS'Biggest Investor Takeaways From Clean Energy Fuels Corp. Earnings Bloomington Pantagraph - Mar 9, 2017 Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  announced fourth-quarter and fiscal 2016 results on March 7 and reported continued growth in natural gas sold, a strong year of station construction, and lower expenses and capital spending for the third&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Here's Why Clean Energy Fuels Corp. Stock is Up 17% Today Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2017 Shares in Clean Energy Fuels Corp. , a leader in natural gas for transportation, are skyrocketing on news that it has reached a deal to sell its RNG  production facilities at a number of Republic Services &nbsp;...BP, Clean Energy Fuels to Partner in Renewable NatGas Market - Natural Gas IntelligenceBP , Clean Energy Fuels  Enter Pact to Expand US Renewable Natural ... - StreetInsider.com"
p3
aS"Clean Energy: Never As Good As The Headlines Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 The company still doesn't generate the growth to support a turnaround in the basis. Clean Energy Fuels  reported Q4 earnings after the close."
p4
aS"Freightliner Custom Chassis, Clean Energy Fuels, Green Alternative Systems ... Fleet Equipment Magazine - 17 hours ago Freightliner Custom Chassis , Clean Energy Fuels Corp. and Green Alternative Systems  have partnered to provide an OEM CNG fueling system on FCCC's CNG MT-45/55 chassis."
p5
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Clean Energy Fuels Corp., 42.9% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p6
aS'Clean Energy Fuels Corp  Reports Results for Fourth Quarter and Year ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 7, 2017 Clean Energy Fuels Corp  announced operating results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016. The Company delivered 84.1 million gallons in the fourth quarter of 2016, a 7.4% increase from 78.3 million gallons in the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Clean Energy Fuels reports 4Q loss Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.  _ Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  on Tuesday reported a loss of $3.9 million in its fourth quarter.'
p8
aS'Clean Energy Fuels Corp. Risk Points versus Energy CML News - Mar 23, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.'
p9
aS"Recent Trading Alert: Clean Energy Fuels Corp.'s  Is stories - 18 hours ago Clean Energy Fuels Corp.'s  witnessed a gain of 3.31% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 2.50. The company's last traded volume of 1.05 million shares was more it's an average volume of 1.73 million shares.Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  Technical Resistance and Key Price Levels to Watch - USA Commerce DailyAnalysts Actions to Focus: Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  - StandardOracle"
p10
a.