(lp0
S'Why Chinese Stocks Leave US Investors Vulnerable U.S. News & World Report - Nov 13, 2014 China Marine Food Group Ltd., a Chinese company then on the New York Stock Exchange, spent $27 million in January 2010 to acquire a firm whose main asset was &quot;algae-based drink know-how.'
p1
aS"China Slinging Salmon on the Internet Lures Norway Seafood Fund Bloomberg - Mar 26, 2017 One such example is Marine Harvest ASA's cooperation with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., China's biggest e-commerce company, to sell salmon on the Internet, a collaboration that could develop quickly, according to the 55-year-old."
p2
aS"China's Marine Park Boom Is Driving the Capture of Whales and Dolphins TakePart - Jun 14, 2016 Even as SeaWorld moves to end breeding of killer whales and activists hope to resettle captive orcas in sea pens, the ocean's top predator is being hunted in Russia to supply marine parks in China willing to pay $3 million to $5 million or more for an ..."
p3
aS'Taiwan launches $1.9bn bailout for big shipping groups Financial Times - Nov 17, 2016 China urged its largest shipbuilders 18 months ago to merge amid industry chaos, as several smaller shipping groups and yards either declared bankruptcy or had their assets frozen.'
p4
aS'China and Indonesia in maritime clash Financial Times - Jun 20, 2016 This is the first time in a long time that China is openly declaring that there are overlapping maritime claims, said Evan Laksmana, a foreign policy researcher at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies, an influential think-tank in ...The Fight Inside China Over the South China Sea - Foreign Policy Beijing indicates it may exit UN sea convention if South China Sea ruling ... - The Japan Times'
p5
aS'Hanjin Shipping bankruptcy causes turmoil in global sea freight The Guardian - Sep 2, 2016 The Korea International Trade Association said on Thursday that about 10 Hanjin vessels in China have been either seized or were expected to seized by charterers, port authorities or other parties.'
p6
aS"China seizes US Navy underwater drone in international waters of South China Sea The Independent - Dec 16, 2016 The UUV was lawfully conducting a military survey in the waters of the South China Sea, the official said. It's a sovereign immune vessel, clearly marked in English not to be removed from the water - that it was US property.Images show 'significant' Chinese weapons systems in South China Sea - The GuardianChina returns seized submarine drone to US - Financial Times"
p7
aS"Marine Le Pen uses environmental issue to broaden appeal Financial Times - Jan 26, 2017 More from the FT Group. Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes.  THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Pingtan Marine Enterprise Announces to Enter Consumer Food Market PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 FUZHOU, China, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd.  , a global fishing company based in the People's Republic of China , today announced that Global Deep Ocean Fishing (Pingtan ..."
p9
aS"Could your rice be made out of PLASTIC? Shocking footage of 'an underground ... Daily Mail - Nov 9, 2016 A video of workers feeding plastic into a machine to produce white, rice-like granules has sparked fears on Chinese social media. Many people said the factory, thought to be located in China, was producing toxic rice out of sheets of plastic. Other ..."
p10
a.