(lp0
S'Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Menu Now Features No Preservatives Investorplace.com - 8 hours ago Chipotle Meixcan Grill, Inc.  The burrito chain recently announced that it is launching a brand-new menu that is more health conscious.Chipotle purges preservatives in bid to renew foodie image - Chron.comChipotle Becomes Only National Restaurant Brand to Use No Added Colors ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS'Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. - Outlook Is Still Debated, Will Customers Ever ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Unit level economics, even with all the trouble, are still adequate, if not at the top of their peer group. Balance sheet is still strong, with no debt, and company continues to buy back stock.Recent Price Move of Shares: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  - Is storiesStock Alert: Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Realized Volatility Hits A Tumbling Low - CML News'
p2
aS"Better Buy: Starbucks Corp. vs. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Longtime shareholders of Chipotle Mexican Grill  look cheerfully upon the years leading up to 2015. That was before the company's battles with food-borne illnesses, and the pesky overhang from them that continues to dog it.Chipotle: Don't Be Fooled By Positive Comps - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc.  Rises 2.72% for March 28 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Tuesday March 28 was Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. , popping some 2.72% to a price of $426.23 a share with some 937,082 shares trading hands.Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. - Chaffey BreezeStill Time To Get In On Chipotle - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Chipotle Mexican Grill Reaches Analyst Target Price Nasdaq - Mar 23, 2017 In recent trading, shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $412.08, changing hands for $416.31/share.'
p5
aS'Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Returns to Growth: Key Earnings Takeaways Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2017 After taking multiple stumbles backwards over the past year-and-change, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  looks like it may have taken a tentative step forward.Chipotle Mexican Grill: No Reason To Get Excited - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"What to Watch When Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 29, 2017 Management will be tempted to call the latest growth gains a rebound, and the comparisons stay easy over the next year given that Chipotle suffered 20% or worse comps declines in each month of 2016. However, investors should be focused on when, if ever&nbsp;...Analysts Disagree on Chipotle's Recovery  - Investopedia"
p7
aS"Is Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.'s Sales Recovery on Track? Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2017 After a year of posting horrendous sales declines, Chipotle Mexican Grill  has finally pulled out of its dive. On Tuesday, the fast-casual chain reported that comparable restaurant sales returned to growth in December.Wedbush Cautiously Optimistic On Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Following ... - Smarter AnalystChipotle Mexican Grill: 70% Upside In The Next 2 Years - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS"Free Range Profits From Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 In Feb I wrote about how to get free money from Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. . The trade yielded $1.70 per contract in pure profit.Chipotle says one-third of directors will not run again - NasdaqWhat You Must Know About Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc's  1.3% ROE? - Simply Wall St"
p9
aS"Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Suffers From Huge Investor Mistrust Motley Fool - Oct 31, 2016 Last week, Chipotle Mexican Grill  laid out its preliminary guidance for 2017, and explained the initiatives it is taking to recover from the massive sales declines triggered by last year's E. coli outbreak.Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Braces For a Potential Ackman Assault - Schaeffers Research Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock: 3-Year Lows, And Going Lower! - Investorplace.com"
p10
a.