(lp0
S"BRIEF-China Yida Holding Co and China Yida Holding Acquisition Co enter ... Reuters - Apr 13, 2016 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'UPDATE: China Yida Holding  Announces Entry into Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com - Mar 10, 2016 China Yida Holding  disclosed the following on Thursday: Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On March 8, 2016, China Yida Holding, Co.  entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'China Yida Warns Shareholders on Scam Inquiries PR Newswire  - Mar 19, 2012 FUZHOU, China, March 19, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia-FirstCall/ -- China Yida Holding Company  , a leading tourism and media enterprise in China, today warned investors as to inquiries from certain entities.'
p3
aS"Don't Get Blindsided by These Chinese Companies! Motley Fool - Nov 17, 2010 In a previous article, I took a look at the standard holding structure for U.S.-listed Chinese companies, and noted the benefit of having multiple layers of intermediary shell companies located in tax havens such as the Cayman Islands and Hong Kong."
p4
aS'What You Need to Know About Chinese Stocks: Part 1 Motley Fool - Nov 8, 2010 The &quot;U.S. Holding Co.&quot; is a shell company with no actual operations. This is the entity that has its shares listed on a U.S.'
p5
aS"Getting Money Out of China, One Swipe at a Time Bloomberg - Apr 7, 2016 There are always ways around new restrictions, says Ng, who spoke on the condition his company's name not be used."
p6
aS'China Minsheng Investment eyes Southeast Asia with $1.5 billion Reuters - Jan 30, 2015 BEIJING Jan 30 State-backed China Minsheng Investment Co Ltd  plans to open a unit in Singapore with capital of $1.5 billion, and offices in London and North America with a similar sum, in line with a government push for companies to do more&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"China Minsheng Investment to open S'pore unit with $2 billion AsiaOne - Jan 31, 2015 CMI's shareholders are 59 large Chinese private enterprises, and include business park operator Yida Group Co, financial conglomerate China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co Ltd, retailer Suning Commerce Group Co Ltd, and the investment arm of Giant&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Business Deals Signed During PM Modi's China Visit NDTV - May 16, 2015 Wipro BPS's pact with Dalian Municipal People's Government and Yida China Holding was for an offshore delivery centre in Dalian."
p9
aS'Shenzhen Yida Announces To Supply Acrylic Displays with Customized Designs ... Digital Journal - 18 hours ago As one of the biggest factories for manufacturing acrylic displays in China, Shenzhen Yida Acrylic Product Manufacture Co., Ltd can supply acrylic cosmetic displays, acrylic makeup stands, acrylic sign holders and other related products at cheap prices ...'
p10
a.