(lp0
S"Cover-All Technologies , Majesco Enter Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com  - Dec 15, 2014 Cover-All Technologies Inc.  and Majesco , based in New York, NY, today announced that the companies have entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Cover-All's stockholders and the&nbsp;...Majesco to merge with Cover-All Technologies; stocks up 20% - Moneycontrol.comMastek rallies on merger of Majesco with Cover-All Technologies - Livemint"
p1
aS'Cover-All Technologies and Majesco Close their Merger Business Wire  - Jun 26, 2015 NEW YORK &amp; MORRISTOWN, N.J.----Majesco, a global provider of core insurance software, consulting and services for insurance business transformation, and Cover-All Technologies Inc., a leading provider of innovative and modern P/C&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Cover-All's Shareholders Approve Merger with Majesco Business Wire  - Jun 22, 2015 MORRISTOWN, N.J.----Cover-All Technologies Inc. , a leading provider of innovative and modern P/C insurance technology solutions, announced today that its shareholders have approved Cover-All's adoption of the&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Cover-All Technologies Inc. Acquires BlueWave Technology ClaimsJournal.com - Jan 3, 2012 Cover-All Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, announced the acquisition of the assets of BlueWave Technology, including its insurance claims software, PipelineClaims, in a cash transaction effective December 30, 2011.'
p4
aS"Mastek to list US subsidiary Majesco on NYSE Livemint - Feb 20, 2015 Majesco USA has filed an application with the US' Securities and Exchange Commission to merge Cover-All Technologies Inc. with itself and list Majesco USA in New York, the local firm said in its statement. On 15 December, Mastek had announced that&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"The Must-Know Technicals As They Stand For Superconductor Technologies Inc.  NY Stock News - 14 hours ago Superconductor Technologies Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've ... Other indicators often come into play when a trading professional is looking to cover all bases. Short-term movement ..."
p6
aS'Majesco Announces Financial Results for its Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year ... Business Wire  - Jun 18, 2015 The regulatory and financial work relating to listing Majesco on the NYSE-MKT post completion of the CoverAll Technologies merger with Majesco is largely completed.'
p7
aS"Coverall North America, Inc. Welcomes New Vice President of Marketing PR Newswire  - Sep 19, 2016 DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla., Sept. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Coverall North America, Inc., one of the leading franchisors of commercial cleaning businesses has hired Nicole Ivey as Vice President of Marketing to support the company's strategic growth plans in&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Majesco closes 5% higher from listing price of Rs316; Mastek falls 4.7% Livemint - Aug 19, 2015 In December, Majesco Inc. entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cover-All Technologies Inc. in a 100% stock-for-stock transaction.Majesco shares list at Rs 316, lower than street forecast - Moneycontrol.com'
p9
aS"Market Simplified Bags 'Deloitte Technology Fast 500' Award Yahoo Finance - Mar 24, 2017 The Deloitte Technology Fast 500 Awards are given by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. They recognize the 500 fastest-growing technology companies in regions around the world. Winners cover all areas of technology - large, small, public, and private&nbsp;..."
p10
a.