(lp0
S'New Cepheid TB Assay Expected to Benefit Patients With Hard-to-Detect Illness GenomeWeb - 7 hours ago NEW YORK  - A Mycoplasma tuberculosis assay launched by Cepheid last week is likely to increase the number of pediatric, extrapulmonary, and HIV co-infected TB cases detected.'
p1
aS'Danaher to buy Cepheid for about $4 billion, including debt CNBC - Sep 6, 2016 Danaher will pay Cepheid $53 per share in cash, a premium of 54 percent to its Friday close of $34.42, and the transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter.Danaher Buys Cepheid for $4 Billion in First Deal Since Spinoff - BloombergResearch Company Danaher Is Buying Cepheid for $4 Billion - Fortune'
p2
aS"Cepheid Wins FDA Approval for Xpress Flu, Flu/RSV Tests GenomeWeb - Feb 15, 2017 NEW YORK  - Cepheid's Xpert Xpress Flu and Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV tests have received clearance from the US Food and Drug Administration, the firm announced today.Cepheid Announces FDA Clearance Of Xpert Xpress Flu And Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV - PR Newswire "
p3
aS'Cepheid Announces Appointment of President and Chief Operating Officer and ... PR Newswire  - Feb 10, 2016 SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cepheid  today announced that Warren Kocmond, formerly Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, has been promoted to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer.'
p4
aS'Cepheid  Announces Final Regulatory Hurdles Cleared to Close Danaher ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 24, 2016 Cepheid  announced that antitrust clearances have been received or the requisite waiting periods have expired, as applicable, in the United States, Germany, Austria and South Africa, which comprise all of the governmental approvals&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Cepheid Receives FDA Clearance for MRSA MDx GenomeWeb - Dec 19, 2016 NEW YORK  - Cepheid announced today that it has received clearance from the US Food and Drug Administration for its Xpert MRSA NxG, a test for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus  infection.Cepheid Announces FDA Clearance of Next-Generation Test for MRSA Colonization - PR Newswire '
p6
aS'Danaher Completes Acquisition Of Cepheid PR Newswire  - Nov 4, 2016 In the merger, each outstanding share of Cepheid common stock was cancelled and  converted into the right to receive $53.00 per share in cash, without interest.'
p7
aS'Cepheid Targets Development of a Point of Care HIV Viral Load Test From a Few ... PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 SUNNYVALE, Calif., Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Millions of patients, including newborns, in primary health care settings could gain access to a potentially life-changing test for HIV viral load monitoring thanks to a new development effort from ...'
p8
aS'Cepheid Delays Launch of Omni Point-of-Care MDx System GenomeWeb - Apr 29, 2016 NEW YORK  - Cepheid said yesterday that it will delay the international market launch of its point-of-care platform, the Omni, by one year to the third quarter of 2017.'
p9
aS'Cepheid Rapid Flu/RSV Test Receives CE Mark GenomeWeb - Oct 27, 2016 NEW YORK  - Cepheid has received CE marking on a rapid test for influenza and respiratory syncytial virus, the firm announced today, and the new test is available immediately in all countries recognizing the CE mark.'
p10
a.