(lp0
S'140000 Shares in Capstone Turbine Corp.  Acquired by Ardsley Advisory ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 Ardsley Advisory Partners purchased a new position in Capstone Turbine Corp.  during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Capstone Turbine  At $0.76 Forms Bottom; Hermes Investment Management ... - Wolcott Daily'
p1
aS'Capstone Turbine Puts A Positive Spin On Bad News Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 Capstone Turbine  pre-reported some of its Q3 results Monday, and the stock has responded favorably the past few days on above-average volume.'
p2
aS"Capstone Turbine Corporation Stock Plunges 53% in Six Months: Is It Game Over? Motley Fool - Sep 24, 2014 Capstone Turbine  has probably gathered more skeptics this year than it ever had. The stock has plunged 53%, as of this writing, over just the past six months, leaving investors wondering whether the company's future has any promise left."
p3
aS'Capstone Turbine Serves A Double Whammy To Investors Seeking Alpha - Oct 19, 2016 Company is forced to raise fresh capital once again with the stock close to all-time lows. Pre-announces abysmal Q2 FY17 numbers in the offering prospectus.'
p4
aS'Capstone Turbine - Primed For A Comeback? Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2016 CPST has seen a massive drop in its financials as weak oil spending has hurt its business, but it is changing its business model for the better.'
p5
aS"CAPSTONE TURBINE CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 On March 10, 2017 the United States District Court for the Central District of California issued an order granting Capstone Turbine Corporation's, a Delaware corporation , motion to dismiss the putative securities class action complaint ...Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Capstone Turbine Corporation  - Fiscal StandardCapstone Turbine Corporation's , a stock from Industrial Goods sector ... - Street Updates"
p6
aS'Capstone Turbine: Buy The Drop Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 CPST shares have dropped in the past month despite posting a stronger-than-expected bottom line, but this is an opportunity to buy the stock.'
p7
aS"Capstone Turbine Corporation Earnings: Will the Red Ink Finally End? Motley Fool - Jun 10, 2014 On Thursday, Capstone Turbine  will release its quarterly report, and investors have gone through a real roller-coaster ride with their microturbine-maker's share price over the past few months. Even as fuel-cell companies Plug Power&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Capstone Turbine: Even The Smart Money Can Get Burned Seeking Alpha - May 23, 2016 I met with their CFO yesterday, who's their corporate level CFO in charge of all their businesses, and I'm very comfortable with that receivable and its collectibility going forward, and don't expect any change in behavior or in the way they pay their ..."
p9
aS"Who Says Capstone Turbine Corporation's Products Have Limited Applications? Motley Fool - Apr 7, 2014 Capstone Turbine  investors were caught on the wrong foot as March drew to a close. There was no negative news from the company or the industry, but the stock tumbled 13% in just the last week of the month."
p10
a.