(lp0
S"Dextera Surgical Inc.  Is Climbing On Study Results RTT News - Mar 6, 2017 Dextera Surgical Inc.  announced Monday morning that data has demonstrated that use of the MicroCutter 5/80 surgical stapler in Microlobectomy procedures has reduced the median hospital stay by at least two days when compared to traditional&nbsp;...Dextera Surgical's MicroCutter 5/80 Enables Shorter Hospital Stays Through ... - Yahoo FinanceDextera Surgical Inc.  Shares React to Scandinavian Presentation - StockNewsUnion"
p1
aS"Here's What's Driving Dextera Surgical Inc  Right Now Insider Financial - Mar 7, 2017 Mid January, we took a look at a tiny biotech play called Dextera Surgical Inc . The company had run up on the back of a business update put out by management a day or so ahead of the run, and looked as though it might be one to keep an&nbsp;...Stocks to Track Dextera Surgical Inc , Broadcom Ltd  - Daily News Journal Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , Dextera Surgical Inc.  - Seneca Globe"
p2
aS"Dextera Surgical Inc 's Target Numbers Suggest Growth Insider Financial - Jan 12, 2017 Dextera Surgical Inc  is up more than 120% so far this week, on a corporate update put out by management to address the fiscal 2017 sales of its lead asset."
p3
aS'Dextera Surgical Provides Corporate Update Business Wire  - Jan 5, 2017 REDWOOD CITY, Calif.----Dextera Surgical Inc. , manufacturer of the smallest-profile and most maneuverable articulating surgical stapling platform on the market for minimally invasive surgery, today provided a corporate&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Dextera Surgical: Innovation In Surgical Stapling Puts It On Path Towards ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Dextera Surgical  is a very small  medical device manufacturer with a very interesting product roll-out that has the potential to radically alter the company's attractiveness to investors. Prior to August 2016, Dextera ..."
p5
aS'Dextera Surgical Appoints Mark Soberman MD, Leader in Thoracic Surgery, as ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 29, 2016 REDWOOD CITY, Calif., June 29, 2016  -- Dextera Surgical Inc.  today announced the appointment of Mark Soberman, M.D.'
p6
aS'Dextera and Intuitive Surgical Initiate Joint Development Program on New ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Aug. 01, 2016  -- Dextera Surgical Inc.  today announced that the company has entered into a joint development program with Intuitive Surgical, Inc. , the global leader in&nbsp;...Intuitive partners with Dextera on robotic surgery stapler - Mass Device'
p7
aS"Dextera Surgical's MicroCutter 5/80 Featured in Preclinical Laparoscopic ... Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2017 REDWOOD CITY, Calif.----Dextera Surgical Inc. , manufacturer of the smallest-profile and most maneuverable articulating surgical stapling platform on the market for minimally invasive surgery, today announced that leading&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Dextera Surgical and B. Braun Surgical SA Hold Video-Assisted Thoracic Surgery ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Dextera Surgical Inc. , manufacturer of the smallest-profile and most maneuverable articulating surgical stapling platform on the market for minimally invasive surgery, and B. Braun Surgical S.A.'
p9
aS'Dextera Surgical Inc. : How technical indicators have come out? Post Analyst - 21 hours ago Dextera Surgical Inc.  traded at an unexpectedly low level on 03/27/2017 when the stock experienced a 4.76 gain to a closing price of $1.1.Active Runner in Focus: Dextera Surgical Inc  - Buckeye Business Review'
p10
a.