(lp0
S'Ambarella Inc versus Cree Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Ambarella Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Cree Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p1
aS'Cree, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 8 hours ago Cree, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday.Zacks Investment Research downgraded Cree, Inc.  to Hold in a ... - Breaking Finance News'
p2
aS'Shares in Focus: Cree, Inc.  Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Cree, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.172096. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p3
aS'Cree, Inc.  Stake Maintained by Teachers Retirement System of The State ... Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Cree logo Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky held its position in Cree, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Latest Stocks: The Guggenheim Capital LLC Buys 77439 Shares of Cree, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24Cree, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'3 Big Stock Charts for Friday: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , Cree, Inc ... Investorplace.com - Mar 24, 2017 The market is still trying to digest the uncertainty surrounding the politics that are ramping up in Washington, but the technical charts are seeing through all the noise to identify some changing trends.'
p5
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Cree, Inc. , VeriFone Systems, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Cree, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -0.57 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 1.34 and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"What's Fueling Investor Confidence?  Cree, Inc. , Etsy, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - Mar 27, 2017 Shares of Cree, Inc.  are on a recovery track as they have regained 30.75% since bottoming out at $20.75 on Nov. 04, 2016."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Tower Semiconductor Ltd.  is Beating Cree Inc ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Cree Inc  versus Tower Semiconductor Ltd.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Inphi Corporation  is Beating Cree Inc  CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Cree Inc  versus Inphi Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Cree Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 24, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Cree Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p10
a.