(lp0
S'CARBO Ceramics: A Race Against Time Seeking Alpha - May 5, 2016 CARBO Ceramics,  had a rough first quarter as forecasted by management. Sales decreased more than 50%. Cash flow from operations was an outflow of $8.3 million.'
p1
aS'Does Carbo Ceramics Have Enough Cash? Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 The company has enough cash to pay all of its debt and have cash left over. The proppant market continues its collapse as operators report production improvements from well designs that far exceed any improvements from ceramic proppant. New products&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Carbo Ceramics: Developing A Recovery Scenario Seeking Alpha - Nov 29, 2016 The bearish thesis - a permanent partial replacement of ceramic with sand - has been confirmed, with qualifications. The stock is heavily shorted, and sank dramatically after Q3 2016 earnings were reported.'
p3
aS"CARBO Ceramics Inc.'s Stock Gets Crushed After Reporting Atrocious Earnings Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 With producers like Whiting Petroleum bypassing ceramics for more sand, it clouds CARBO Ceramic's future. It could be quite some time before producers switch back to higher-cost ceramics, and given the success of higher sand volumes, they might never&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Cratering Earnings Cause CARBO Ceramics Inc.'s Stock to Slip Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2016 Now what: Times are rough for CARBO Ceramics right now. Its primary goal is to stop the bleeding by reducing costs and preserving cash so it can make it through these tough times and position itself for the next upcycle."
p5
aS'Carbo Ceramics Finally Reports A Sales Increase Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 Carbo Ceramics  reported a sequential sales increase of 44% from the third quarter. While that is well short of the previous year sales, it represents the first step in a very long and speculative road to recovery.'
p6
aS"CARBO Ceramics: Is The Final Nail In The Coffin? Seeking Alpha - Oct 18, 2016 In our 7/29/15 note, Ceramic Proppant Is Going to Zero, we argued that the decline in CARBO Ceramics Inc.'s  sales volume was secular rather than cyclical."
p7
aS'CARBO Ceramics Is A Mixed Bag Investment Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 Revenues have collapsed in the last trailing twelve months. Investment Thesis. In spite of CARBO Ceramics  trading below a conservatively-adjusted book value and having steady financials, my research into this company highlights a warning flag in ...'
p8
aS'Carbo Ceramics: Getting Back To Book Value? Seeking Alpha - Nov 17, 2016 Carbo trades at a P/B of 0.3, and would be very profitable to own if the share price ever gets back to book. The situation is complex and involves fracking, a rapidly evolving technology.'
p9
aS'Looking at the Levels for CARBO Ceramics Inc.  The Standard - 13 hours ago Looking at shares of CARBO Ceramics Inc. , the company has an EV  of 310341. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.Latest Stocks: The Scotiabank Analysts Give CARBO Ceramics Inc.  a $14.00 ... - Petro Global News 24CARBO Ceramics Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p10
a.