(lp0
S'Queensland cyclone: Emergency services backed by ADF Courier Mail - Mar 26, 2017 Peter Michael, The Courier-Mail. March 26, 2017 4:51am. The Australian Defence Force will today deploy a taskforce to save human life and alleviate human suffering in support of disaster crews across North Queensland ahead of Tropical Cyclone ...'
p1
aS"Public television chief says Trump budget would hit options The Daily Courier  - 12 hours ago WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump's proposal to eliminate funds for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting would most dramatically affect rural and minority communities, eventually forcing some local television and radio stations to close, the&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Glenlyon church auction postponed. Ballarat Courier - Mar 28, 2017 Dja Dja Wurrung Corporation chief executive Rodney Carter said the group and the church had been working constructively along with the state government and that his main priority was ensuring the rights of local Aboriginal people were recognised.'
p3
aS'Australian troops move closer to the frontline fight against Islamic State in Iraq Courier Mail - Feb 28, 2017 News Corp Australia was given exclusive access to a busy air base where ADF has now deployed mobile training teams from Task Group Taji to help re-skill Iraqis coming on and off the Mosul frontline.'
p4
aS'QIC eyes investment in Adani Carmichael megamine infrastructure Courier Mail - Mar 27, 2017 GOVERNMENT-owned fund manager QIC says it would consider investing in multibillion-dollar infrastructure to support the controversial Adani mega-mine.'
p5
aS'Secret Service and the Trumps  Hypocrisy and hubris New Pittsburgh Courier - Mar 27, 2017 ... eliminating some that provide important services, including the African Development Foundation, the Corporation for National and Community Service, the Inter-American Foundation, the US Trade and Development Agency, the Legal Services Corporation,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Australian Defence Force women who are leading the war against Islamic State ... Courier Mail - Mar 4, 2017 THERE are cultural challenges if you are a woman living in the Middle East, more so if you are from the West and when that particular nation or region is at war.'
p7
aS"International Day of Forests  National Parks and Forestry Corporation talk Bellingen Courier Sun - Mar 20, 2017 Forestry Corporation of NSW's CEO Nick Roberts said International Day of Forests, 21 March, celebrated the vital role productive State forests continue to play in local communities."
p8
aS'Chinese firm to help operate South West Trains franchise The Courier - Mar 27, 2017 Jeremy Long, chief executive of European Business at MTR Corporation, said: MTR is known across the world for the excellent quality of its rail services, and we look forward to working with FirstGroup to provide a best-in-class travel experience for&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Acme-McCrary sale promises 133 new jobs, $20M investment Asheboro Courier Tribune - Mar 21, 2017 By Chip Womick cwomick@courier-tribune.com Twitter: @ChipWomickCT. ASHEBORO - A Sri Lanka-based apparel and textile manufacturing company plans to acquire the manufacturing assets of the Acme-McCrary Corp. in Asheboro. MAS Capital plans&nbsp;...'
p10
a.