(lp0
S'Corporate Resource files for Ch. 11 after refinancing falls apart Reuters - Jul 27, 2015 Staffing company Corporate Resource Services Inc has filed for bankruptcy after discovering an affiliated business had not paid an estimated $80 million in taxes, which derailed refinancing negotiations.Corporate Resource Services, Inc. and Seven Affiliates File Chapter 11 ... - JD Supra '
p1
aS'Corporate Resource Services weighs possible sale after PEO files for bankruptcy Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 4, 2015 Leadership at staffing provider Corporate Resource Services Inc.  is weighing a possible sale of some or all of the company, according to a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p2
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Joseph P. Ciavarella as Chief Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 12, 2015 NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2015  -- Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, energy and consulting services firm, today announced that Joseph P. Ciavarella&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Corporate Resource Services Completes Acquisition of TS Staffing Services, Inc. Business Wire  - Nov 29, 2011 NEW YORK----Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , a national provider of temporary and permanent staffing services , announced that on November 21, 2011 it acquired, through a share exchange, TS&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Corporate Resource Services Completes Acquisition of Tri-Diamond Staffing Inc. Business Wire  - Jan 31, 2011 NEW YORK----Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , a national provider of temporary and permanent staffing services , completed its previously announced acquisition of Tri-Diamond Staffing Inc. from an&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Sy Holzer to Board of Directors Business Wire  - Sep 29, 2014 NEW YORK----Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, and consulting services firm, today announced that Sy Holzer will be joining the CRS Board of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Corporate Resource Services sells subsidiary, sends termination notices Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 27, 2015 Corporate Resources Services sold a subsidiary, and separately announced it sent termination notices to approximately 800 customers primarily in California.Noor Staffing Group Acquires Corporate Resource Development - PR Newswire '
p7
aS"Corporate Resource Services Inc. Appoints James Altucher to the Company's ... PR Newswire  - Sep 20, 2012 Corporate Resource Services Inc. is a high-growth national staffing company headquartered in New York City with 189 staffing and recruiting offices nationwide, 79 of which are on-site offices at its clients' facilities."
p8
aS'Corporate Resource Services Executives Appear with Hall of Fame Quarterback ... Business Wire  - Nov 25, 2014 NEW YORK----Executives from Corporate Resource Services  , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, and consulting services firm, recently appeared with Hall of Fame quarterback Dan&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Corporate Resource Services Awarded Global Managed Service Provider Agreement ... Business Wire  - Mar 27, 2014 NEW YORK----Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting and consulting services firm, today announced that it has been awarded a three year Managed Service Provider/Vendor&nbsp;...'
p10
a.