(lp0
S"Chiesi USA, Inc. Earns Triangle Business Journal's Corporate Philanthropy Award Marketwired  - Mar 24, 2017 CARY, NC-- - Chiesi USA, a Cary-based specialty pharmaceutical company, was recognized this week by the Triangle Business Journal for its corporate philanthropy efforts."
p1
aS'Cornerstone Therapeutics Inc. Announces Name Change to Chiesi USA, Inc. Marketwired  - Apr 28, 2014 CARY, NC-- - Cornerstone Therapeutics Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on commercializing products for the U.S.'
p2
aS'Chiesi USA, Inc. Certified As a 2017 Top Employer in the US Yahoo Finance - Feb 13, 2017 CARY, NC-- - Chiesi USA, Inc. announced today that, for the second consecutive year, the company has been named a Top Employer in the United States.'
p3
aS"Cary's Chiesi USA could pay up to $742M for cardiovascular products Triangle Business Journal - Jun 22, 2016 Chiesi USA, Inc., the Cary-based subsidiary of Italian pharmaceutical company Chiesi Farmaceutici, closed on its acquisition of cardiovascular products from The Medicines Company .The Medicines Company Completes Divestiture of its Non-Core Cardiovascular ... - Business Wire "
p4
aS"Chiesi Completes the Acquisition of Three Hospital Products -- Kengreal ... Marketwired  - Jun 22, 2016 PARMA, ITALY-- - Chiesi USA, Inc. and Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A., Chiesi USA's parent company, announced today that the companies have finalized the acquisition of multinational rights to Kengreal  for injection&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Chiesi USA Presents: Pioneering Innovative Research and Philanthropy in the ... Marketwired  - Feb 20, 2015 ORLANDO, FL-- - Chiesi USA, dedicated to assisting with the advancement of neonatal research, hosted a complimentary seminar to provide a glimpse of the latest developments from the company's innovative neonatology&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Chiesi agrees to acquire cardiovascular medications from The Medicines Company Cardiovascular Business - May 11, 2016 Chiesi USA, Inc. agreed to acquire three cardiovascular medications from The Medicines Company on May 9 for up to $792 million.'
p7
aS"Patients With COPD May Soon Benefit From the Chiesi Farmaceutici's ... Marketwired  - Jun 7, 2016 Its R&amp;D centres in Parma , Paris , Cary , Chippenham  and the R&amp;D team of the acquired Danish company Zymenex, integrate their efforts to advance Chiesi's pre-clinical, clinical and registration programs. Chiesi employs over 4 ..."
p8
aS'Neos Therapeutics Acquires all Commercialization and Profit Rights to Generic ... Business Wire  - Sep 8, 2014 This transaction is in alignment with our strategy to focus our growth of the company in the hospital and related specialty markets, said Ken McBean, President of Chiesi USA. We are pleased that Neos, our manufacturing partner for the product, will ...'
p9
aS'Chiesi completes acquisition of cardiovascular medications from The Medicines ... Cardiovascular Business - Jun 30, 2016 The Medicines Company completed its divestiture of three cardiovascular medications to Chiesi USA Inc. on June 21, one month after the companies agreed to the deal.'
p10
a.