(lp0
S"FormFactor  to Acquire Cascade Microtech  in $352M Deal StreetInsider.com - Feb 4, 2016 FormFactor, Inc.  and Cascade Microtech, Inc.  announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which FormFactor will acquire all outstanding Cascade shares in a cash and stock transaction.Andy Giegerich Digital Managing Editor Portland Business Journal - Portland Business Journal Oregon's selling spree resumes: Cascade Microtech acquired for $352 million - OregonLive.com"
p1
aS'Street Analyst Thoughts on Shares of Cascade Microtech, Inc.  Melville Review - 15 hours ago Covering sell-side analysts currently have a consensus stock rating of N/A on shares of Cascade Microtech, Inc. .'
p2
aS'CASCADE MICROTECH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT - Andrews &amp; Springer LLC Is ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 8, 2016 ... on representing shareholders nationwide, is investigating potential breach of fiduciary duty claims against the Board of Directors of Cascade Microtech, Inc.  relating to the sale of the Company to FormFactor, Inc ...FormFactor to acquire Cascade Microtech for $352m - Semiconductor Today'
p3
aS'Cascade Microtech: A Long-Term Buying Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2014 I find Cascade Microtech Inc.  stock to be a good combination of value and growth tech stock. Although the stock price has risen 71.6% since the beginning of 2013, it is still an excellent buy right now.'
p4
aS'Cascade Microtech, Inc.  Receives $15.61 Average PT from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - Feb 20, 2017 Cascade Microtech logo Cascade Microtech, Inc.  has received a consensus rating of Buy from the eight research firms that are presently covering the firm.'
p5
aS'Cascade Microtech, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Buy from ... The Cerbat Gem - Feb 22, 2017 Cascade Microtech logo Cascade Microtech, Inc.  has earned a consensus rating of Buy from the eight brokerages that are presently covering the company.'
p6
aS'Cascade Microtech, Inc.  Receives $15.61 Average Target Price from ... Sports Perspectives - Feb 20, 2017 Cascade Microtech logo Cascade Microtech, Inc.  has earned an average recommendation of Buy from the eight ratings firms that are currently covering the firm.'
p7
aS"Cascade Microtech acquisition completed Portland Business Journal  - Jun 24, 2016 By completing the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, FormFactor transforms into a broader test and measurement market leader with significant scale and increased diversification, said Mike Slessor, FormFactor's president and CEO in a written statement."
p8
aS"TD Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Cascade Microtech, Inc.  Petro Global News 24 - Dec 9, 2016 Cascade Microtech, Inc. 's stock had its buy rating reissued by equities researchers at TD Securities in a report issued on Friday."
p9
aS'The Cascade Microtech, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Buy ... DailyQuint - Mar 6, 2017 Shares of Cascade Microtech, Inc.  have received an average recommendation of Buy from the eight research firms that are currently covering the firm.'
p10
a.