(lp0
S'Cisco to sell network software without hardware - The Information Seeking Alpha - 13 hours ago Under pressure from large corporate customers, Cisco  is getting ready to disrupt one of its biggest businesses, writes Kevin McLaughlin - planning to sell operating system software for networking devices without requiring the purchase of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Cisco Systems Inc.  Closes 0.09% Up on the Day for March 28 Equities.com - 10 hours ago Shares of Cisco Systems Inc.  ended the trading day Tuesday at $34.02, representing a move of 0.09%, or $0.03 per share, on volume of 21.05 million shares.Cisco Systems, Inc. Posted losses of -0.26% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverWhy to Keeping Eye on Cisco Systems, Inc. , Snap Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS'Cisco Systems, Inc.  to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell GlobeNewswire  - Mar 22, 2017 Cisco Systems, Inc. , the worldwide technology leader that has been making the Internet work since 1984, will visit the Nasdaq MarketSite in Times Square, in celebration of its recent acquisition of AppDynamics.'
p3
aS"6 Things You Didn't Know About Cisco Systems, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Cisco Systems , one of the biggest networking companies in the world, is generally known as a slow-growth company which sells switches, routers, and other networking products.Cisco Systems, Inc. Adds Allergan CEO to Board  - Market ExclusiveHow to Short Cisco Systems, Inc.  Stock for Free - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for Cisco Systems, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Cisco Systems, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS'EOD Risers: American Express Company, Chevron Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc. DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 27, 2017 The stock price for Cisco Systems, Inc. with ticker code:  a company that designs and sells a range of products, provides services and delivers integrated solutions to develop and connect networks around the world, climbed 0.35% or 0.12&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Cisco Systems, Inc.  Acquires AppDynamics for Over $3 Billion Market Exclusive - Mar 22, 2017 Businesses need insight into the health of every application and every transaction in order to keep up with the pace of change, Cisco said in a statement.Apple Inc. , Cisco Systems, Inc.  And Others File ... - Journal TranscriptCisco Systems Dividend Stock Analysis - Seeking Alpha'
p7
aS"Cisco Systems, Inc. : The Technicals As Seen Today NY Stock News - 13 hours ago Cisco Systems, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p8
aS"Deal Between Ericsson and Cisco Systems, Inc.  Expected To ... Journal Transcript - Mar 14, 2017 Back in January, Cisco Systems, Inc.  and Ericsson partnered in a deal to virtualize the network of VHA - Vodafone Hutchison Australia with a view to modernizing the wireless carrier's network."
p9
aS'How Cisco Systems, Inc. Gained 11% in February Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 The big surge fell near the middle of the month, when Cisco reported solid second-quarter results with a side of optimistic forward guidance targets.'
p10
a.