(lp0
S'Community Shores Bank Corporation  Files An 8-K Termination of a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 22, 2017 On March 16, 2017, the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago publicly announced the termination of its Written Agreement with Community Shores Bank Corporation. The Written Agreement was entered into in December of 2010. A copy of the Written Agreement&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Community Shores Bank seeks $6.4 million in stock offering MiBiz - Jun 28, 2015 Community Shores Bank Corp. will seek to raise $6.4 million in needed capital in a stock offering to existing shareholders that would go to pay off debt, maintain operations and improve its capital position.'
p2
aS"Are The Charts Indicating a Buy Opportunity For Community Shores Bank Corp ? Pearson Press - 6 hours ago Community Shores Bank Corp  stock has been identified as a Buy through TrendSpotter's algorithm-driving system which takes into account a stock's momentum, volatility and wave theory to arrive at a Buy, Sell or Hold signal."
p3
aS"Muskegon's Community Shores Bank provides details of its Fifth Third loan default Michigan Business Review - MLive.com - Apr 2, 2011 Community Shores bank is in default on a $5 million loan to Fifth Third Bank and is unable to pay either the principal amount or $155,000 in unpaid interest, bank officers publicly report."
p4
aS'Value From Financial Sector Uncertain GuruFocus.com - Jan 12, 2017 Publicly traded banks such as Community Shores Bank , Northwest Bancorporation Inc. and Great American Bancorp Inc.  all trade at price-tangible book ratios of less than 0.7 although their small sizes may put many investors off.'
p5
aS'$500000 loan from city sought for six-story downtown building MLive.com - Mar 14, 2017 Other financing for the project includes $1.5 million committed by the Community Foundation for Muskegon County, $2.72 million from Community Shores Bank and a $1.5 million state grant the developers have applied for, according to information the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Gunster Guides Bank Deal as Share Value Climbs Daily Business Review  - 14 hours ago In addition to Insignia, Gunster has handled a handful of Stonegate's acquisitions over the last five years, including Florida Shores Bancorp Inc., Community Bank of Broward and Regent Bancorp Inc. Bader and Schmidt took Stonegate public in 2014. In ..."
p7
aS"Norton Shores bank robbed Monday afternoon, police seek public's help MLive.com - May 23, 2016 NORTON SHORES, MI -- A bank robber is at large after getting an undisclosed amount of cash from the First Merit Bank on Norton Avenue Monday afternoon. The robber implied he had a gun when he entered the bank at 917 W. Norton Ave. and demanded&nbsp;...Robbery reported at First Merit Bank in Norton Shores - WZZM13.com"
p8
aS'Bank branch robbed in Miami Shores on the weekend -- again Miami Herald - Sep 5, 2016 A masked armed duo hit the TD Bank Branch in Miami Shores Sunday for what the FBI believes might be the second time in 22 days.'
p9
aS"'We want to preserve what we've got here&quot;: Chilliwack community out in force ... Vancouver Sun - Mar 19, 2017 CHILLIWACK - Ross Aikenhead's pickup truck rumbles up the river bank and stops in front of a huge garbage bin. As rain falls in sheets from a grey sky that's almost indistinguishable from the Fraser River a few metres away, he lowers his tailgate to ..."
p10
a.