(lp0
S'CSX Has A Long-Term Commitment Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 After some quick pressure by activist investor Mantle Ridge, railroad operator CSX  caved and installed a &quot;turnaround expert&quot; and gave up board seats to the hedge fund.'
p1
aS'What CSX Corporation  Is Telling Investors Via Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 15 hours ago CSX Corporation  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p2
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for CSX Corporation  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on CSX Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p3
aS'CSX Corporation Announces Dates For First-Quarter Earnings Release and ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 23, 2017 CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction ...'
p4
aS'Why Investors remained confident on FireEye, Inc. , CSX Corporation ? StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago CSX Corporation , at its latest closing price of $46.21, it has a price-to-book ratio of 3.68, compared to an industry average at 2.07.Most Active Volume Stock: CSX Corp.  - HugoPressAnalyst Research and Ratings: CSX Corporation , HCP, Inc.  - TWN'
p5
aS'Hunter Harrison Plans Major Overhaul Of CSX Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 The important question is what will Hunter Harrison do at CSX? This article takes a hard look at Hunter Harrison and his track record and precision railroading model.'
p6
aS'CSX: Caves To Activist, Too Quickly? Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Activist investor Mantle Ridge has been battling CSX  for a few months, hoping to install the railroad turnaround expert Hunter Harrison as CEO.Hunter Harrison joins CSX Corp. as CEO - The Globe and MailCSX Corp Reaches Deal with Hedge Fund, Appoints New CEO - Nasdaq'
p7
aS"CSX Corporation : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 CSX Corporation  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Railroads. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $46.32, up from yesterday's close by 0.46%."
p8
aS'Harrison Named CSX CEO; Will A Bloodbath Ensue? Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 CSX Corporation today announced the Company has named E. Hunter Harrison, a proven railroad executive with a well-regarded track record of producing market-leading operating results, as chief executive officer, effective immediately ... The Company&nbsp;...CSX Corporation  Settles For Renowned Railroad Executive As The ... - WallStreetPRWhat Does The Recent Top Management Shake-Up Mean For CSX? - Trefis'
p9
aS"Is CSX's Current Market Valuation Sustainable? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 CSX is up a full 48% since the US election, while peers such as Canadian Pacific and Canadian National Railway fall well short of such lofty market heights."
p10
a.