(lp0
S'Cutera, Inc.  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Jan 27, 2017 Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Cutera, Inc.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday morning.'
p1
aS"Cutera Still Looks Cheap - But Still Has Questions Seeking Alpha - Sep 8, 2016 CUTR still hasn't received much credit from the market for its turnaround despite impressive revenue growth. But there were some concerns in Q2 relative to margins and international sales, and this still is a laggard in the space."
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Cutera Inc  is Beating EDAP TMS SA  CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Cutera Inc  versus EDAP TMS S.A.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p3
aS'Voce Capital is Buying Cutera Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 23, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Cutera, Inc. is a medical device company. The Company is engaged in the design, development, manufacture, marketing and servicing of laser and other energy-based aesthetics systems for practitioners across the&nbsp;...Cutera, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of  by Brokerages - Chaffey BreezeThe Cutera, Inc.  Stake Maintained by Voce Capital Management LLC - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Cutera Announces Management Changes GlobeNewswire  - Aug 18, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif., Aug. 18, 2016  -- Cutera, Inc.  , a leading provider of laser and energy-based aesthetic systems for practitioners worldwide, today announced the resignation of Kevin&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Cutera's Story Continues To Get Better - And Still Has More Upside Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 CUTR's shares have doubled since May off the back of strong earnings and M&amp;A in the aesthetics space. I don't think the run is done; Cutera isn't that expensive as a standalone, and it's the next logical domino in terms of consolidation. Price and size ...Cutera, Inc.  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News"
p6
aS'Share Watch: Examining the Levels for Cutera, Inc.  The Standard - 16 hours ago Cutera, Inc.  has an EV  of 249724. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.'
p7
aS"Cutera Remains A 'Show Me' Story Seeking Alpha - Feb 12, 2016 Cutera has done a nice job growing revenue of late, and in Q4, posted its first profitable quarter in three years. 2016 guidance implies a profitable year, as CUTR looks to have gotten over the hump."
p8
aS'Cutera: Is This Time Different? Seeking Alpha - Jan 20, 2016 There are basically two charts that sum up the bull/bear argument relative to aesthetic device manufacturer Cutera .'
p9
aS'Cutera Elects J. Daniel Plants as Chairman of the Board GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif., Nov. 03, 2016  -- Cutera, Inc.  , a leading provider of laser and energy-based aesthetic systems for practitioners worldwide, today announced that effective October 28, 2016,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.