(lp0
S'Covenant Transportation Group Inc.  Soars 5.3% on March 28 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Covenant Transportation Group Inc.  had a good day on the market for Tuesday March 28 as shares jumped 5.3% to close at $18.86.Narrowing in on the Numbers for Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.  - The Standard'
p1
aS'Covenant Transportation Group Announces Fourth Quarter Financial and Operating ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 25, 2017 Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. is the holding company for several transportation providers that offer premium transportation services for customers throughout the United States.Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.  Posts Earnings Results, Hits ... - Sports Perspectives'
p2
aS'An Ugly Quarter At Covenant Transport Seeking Alpha - Oct 20, 2016 The culprit was a combination of continued soft demand in trucking coupled with a decrease in the value of their used truck inventory.'
p3
aS'Covenant Transportation Group Updates Expectations Concerning Second Quarter ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 21, 2016 Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. is the holding company for several transportation providers that offer premium transportation services for customers throughout the United States.'
p4
aS'Covenant Transportation Group Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Mar 16, 2017 Covenant Transportation Group Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 16, as the stock gained 3.02% to close at $19.80.Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The ... - Fiscal Standard'
p5
aS'Covenant Transportation Group Announces Executive Team Changes GlobeNewswire  - Feb 18, 2016 CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Feb. 18, 2016  -- Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.   today announced the appointment of Joey B. Hogan as President of CTG.Joey Hogan succeeds David Parker as president of Covenant Transport - Chattanooga Times Free Press'
p6
aS"COVENANT TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Feb 24, 2017 On February 20, 2017, the Compensation Committee  of the Board of Directors of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation , approved performance-based bonus opportunities for the Company's senior&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Covenant Transport joins PIT Group Fleet Owner - Mar 27, 2017 PIT Group, a research and engineering group supporting the North American transportation industry, announced that Covenant Transport, Inc. has joined its growing list of U.S. motor carrier member companies. Once the PIT Group opened its U.S. operation&nbsp;...Covenant Transportation Group Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSBrokerages Set Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.  Price Target at $21.00 - Community Financial News'
p8
aS'Joey Hogan Succeeds David Parker as President of Covenant Transportation Group Transport Topics Online - Feb 22, 2016 David Parker, the high-energy founder, chairman and CEO of Covenant Transportation Group, said Feb. 19 that some upper-level executive movement at the Chattanooga, Tennessee-based trucking company is the opposite of him slowing down. In fact, he&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Covenant Transport Group Names Paul Newbourne COO of Logistics Unit Transport Topics Online - Sep 19, 2016 Covenant Transportation Group named Paul Newbourne chief operating officer at its Covenant Transport Solutions logistical unit, effective immediately.'
p10
a.