(lp0
S'Connecticut Water Service Inc versus California Water Service Group Head to ... CML News - 17 hours ago Connecticut Water Service Inc has a higher fundamental rating than California Water Service Group which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.Latest Stocks: The California Water Service Group  Shares Bought by New ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'Watching the Levels for California Water Service Group  Rives Journal - 10 hours ago California Water Service Group  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.118712. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p2
aS'Dividend Kings In Focus: California Water Service Group Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 Water is one of the basic necessities of human life. This simple fact provides for just about the most secure business model one can find - water utilities. Even in the direst of economic climates, people simply cannot live without water. This is why ...'
p3
aS'California Water Service Group Holding  Brokerage Firm Stock Target ... Aiken Advocate - 11 hours ago Using data provided from various analysts, shares of California Water Service Group Holding  are presently listed with an ABR of 3.25.'
p4
aS'California Water Service Group  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 01 Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 California Water Service Group  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 01, as the stock gained 0.68% to close at $37.00.California Water Service Group Holding  PEG Ratio At 3.87 - Equities Focus'
p5
aS'California Water Service Group  Dividend Growth in Spotlight Business Review - Mar 27, 2017 California Water Service Group  currently has a 10 year dividend growth rate of 1.86%. This number is calculated using the geometric average which provides the typical value of dividend growth over the specified period using the product of ...'
p6
aS'California Water Service Group  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 California Water Service Group  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 15, as the stock gained 1.31% to close at $34.90.Latest Stocks: The California Water Service Group  Given Consensus ... - Petro Global News 24California Water Service Group  Stake Decreased by Guggenheim Capital LLC - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'California Water Service Group: California Water Service Partners With ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 24, 2017 OROVILLE, CA-- - When recent storms and increased outflow from the Oroville Dam spillway raised the turbidity of the water at the Feather River Fish Hatchery, the Department of Fish and Wildlife  needed immediate&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Settlement reached in California Water Service's 2015 general rate case WaterWorld - Sep 6, 2016 SAN JOSE, CA, SEPTEMBER 6, 2016 -- California Water Service , the largest subsidiary of California Water Service Group, announced that it formally filed a settlement agreement among Cal Water, the California Public Utilities Commission's&nbsp;...California Water Service's Approved to Increase Rates, Invest Millions - And Now U Know"
p9
aS'Street Analyst Thoughts on Shares of California Water Service Group Holding ... Melville Review - 19 hours ago Covering sell-side analysts currently have a consensus stock rating of 3.25 on shares of California Water Service Group Holding .'
p10
a.