(lp0
S'Cyberonics Announces CE Mark Approval of the VITARIA System for Treatment of ... PR Newswire  - Feb 25, 2015 25, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Cyberonics, Inc.  today announced it received CE  Mark of the VITARIA System for delivering autonomic regulation therapy  for patients who have moderate to severe heart failure&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Why Cyberonics, Inc. Vaulted Higher Today Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2015 What: Shares of the neuromodulation medical device maker Cyberonics  jumped by more than 25% earlier today after the company announced better than expected fiscal third quarter sales and earnings and reported that it would merge with&nbsp;...Medical-Device Makers Sorin, Cyberonics Agree to Merger - Bloomberg'
p2
aS'Cyberonics Reports Fiscal 2016 First Quarter Results PR Newswire  - Aug 20, 2015 Cyberonics, Inc. is a medical device company with core expertise in neuromodulation. The company developed and markets the VNS Therapy System, which is FDA-approved for the treatment of medically refractory epilepsy and treatment-resistant&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Merged Houston company begins trading under new name Houston Business Journal - Oct 19, 2015 Houston-based Cyberonics Inc.  has completed its $2.7 billion merger with Italy-based Sorin SpA. The merged medical technology companies created a new entity, called LivaNova PLC, which is domiciled in the U.K.'
p4
aS"Daniel Moore encourages communication to drive culture and growth at ... Smart Business Network - Jul 1, 2011 When Daniel Moore became president and CEO of Cyberonics Inc., a medical device company focused on epilepsy and other debilitating neurological disorders, in 2007, he faced a company that wasn't growing and had several issues in need of fixing."
p5
aS'Cyberonics Stockholders Overwhelmingly Approve Merger With Sorin PR Newswire  - Sep 22, 2015 HOUSTON, Sept. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Cyberonics, Inc.  today announced that its stockholders voted to adopt the merger agreement providing for the business combination of Cyberonics and Sorin S.p.Cyberonics Investors Okay Sorin Deal; LivaNova Coming Up - Nasdaq'
p6
aS'Shock Factor: Cyberonics Link To Death, Injury Reports Seeking Alpha - Apr 16, 2014 But life changed radically after Ms. Bowling had a &quot;VNS&quot;  device by Houston, Texas-based Cyberonics  implanted inches above her heart to try to control her epileptic seizures with tiny electric shocks transmitted ...'
p7
aS'Blowing The Whistle On Cyberonics Seeking Alpha - Jan 23, 2013 In this report, we present the culmination of nearly two months of research into Cyberonics, Inc. which resulted in our belief that the Company will never grow into its current $1.5 billion valuation in the Bull case and may decline by 80% in the Bear ...'
p8
aS"Cyberonics Names Rohan Hoare, Ph.D. Chief Operating Officer And O'Neill D'Cruz ... PR Newswire  - Apr 28, 2014 HOUSTON, April 28, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Cyberonics, Inc.  today announced the promotion of Rohan Hoare, Ph."
p9
aS'Cyberonics Reports Quarter And Annual Results PR Newswire  - Jun 4, 2015 Cyberonics, Inc. is a medical device company with core expertise in neuromodulation. The company developed and markets the VNS Therapy System, which is FDA-approved for the treatment of medically refractory epilepsy and treatment-resistant&nbsp;...'
p10
a.