(lp0
S'Implied Volatility Surging for Community Health Systems  Stock Options Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for Community Health Systems shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company?Implied Volatility Surging for Community Health Systems  Stock Options ... - Zacks.com'
p1
aS"Today's charts: Community Health Systems, HCA Holdings, Tenet Healthcare gain ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 Community Health Systems , HCA Holdings , Tenet Healthcare  and Universal Health Services  are in positive territory, gaining back some of the losses suffered earlier this week."
p2
aS'Analyst Activity  Mizuho Lowers Its Price Target On Community Health Systems ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Today, Mizuho lowered its price target on Community Health Systems  to $7.50 per share. There are 6 sell ratings, 10 hold ratings, 2 buy ratings on the stock.What Analysts are Predicting For Community Health Systems, Inc. (CYH ... - The USA Commerce'
p3
aS'Community Health Systems Announces Definitive Agreement to Divest Four ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Community Health Systems, Inc.  announced today that subsidiaries of the Company have signed a definitive agreement to sell four Pennsylvania hospitals and their associated assets to subsidiaries of PinnacleHealth System.CHS  Community Health Systems Inc.: Community Health Systems Announces ... - The Wall Street Transcript'
p4
aS"BRIEF-Community Health Systems to divest four Pennsylvania hospitals Reuters - Mar 14, 2017 ... * Toyota, electric machinery makers offer smaller base pay raise * Unions made same demands as one year ago * Big firms offer far less than union demands * Hikes 'far from enough' to boost growth - economist  By Tetsushi Kajimoto TOKYO ..."
p5
aS'Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Completion of Offering of $2.2 ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Community Health Systems, Inc.   today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. , had completed its offering  of $2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of its 6 ...Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Early Tender Offer Results for 5.125 ... - Business Wire '
p6
aS"How These Healthcare Stocks are Faring? -- BioScrip, Community Health Systems ... PR Newswire  - Mar 24, 2017 Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com directs investors' attention to the following Healthcare stock: BioScrip Inc. , Community Health Systems Inc. , Perrigo Co. PLC , and Health Insurance Innovations Inc. &nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Community Health Systems  To Sell Four Pennsylvania Hospitals Journal Transcript - Mar 17, 2017 Subsidiaries of Community Health Systems  have reached a deal to sell four hospitals in Pennsylvania as well as their assets to subsidiaries owned by PinnacleHealth System.'
p8
aS'Community Health Systems to Participate in Barclays Global Healthcare ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Community Health Systems, Inc.  today announced that management will participate in the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference 2017 to be held March 14-16, 2017, at the Loews Miami Beach Hotel in Miami Beach, Florida.Community Health prices upsized $2.2B debt offering - Seeking Alpha'
p9
aS'Activist hedge fund bails on Community Health Systems Axios - Mar 5, 2017 Why this matters: This is the second big investor to give up on Community Health Systems in a year. In early 2016, Larry Robbins of Glenview Capital Management ditched the company, which has posted heavy losses over the past two years.'
p10
a.