(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation  versus Fidelity ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation  versus Fidelity Southern Corporation  .'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation  versus Pacific ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation  versus Pacific Mercantile Bancorp  .'
p2
aS'Decision Time: Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation  Stock Technicals ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Decision Time: Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p3
aS'Merck &amp; Co., Inc.  Shares Sold by Citizens &amp; Northern Corp Sports Perspectives - Mar 26, 2017 Merck &amp; Co. logo Citizens &amp; Northern Corp lowered its position in Merck &amp; Co., Inc.  by 4.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p4
aS'Latest Stocks: The Citizens &amp; Northern Corp Cuts Stake in Intel Co.  Petro Global News 24 - Mar 27, 2017 Citizens &amp; Northern Corp cut its position in Intel Co.  by 2.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Citizens &amp; Northern Corp Cuts Stake in Intel Co.  - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: BancFirst Corporation  is Beating Citizens ... CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for BancFirst Corporation  versus Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Oracle Co.  Shares Sold by Citizens &amp; Northern Corp Chaffey Breeze - Mar 17, 2017 Oracle logo Citizens &amp; Northern Corp cut its position in Oracle Co.  by 1.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Heritage Financial Corporation  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation  versus Heritage Financial Corporation  .'
p8
aS'Alphabet Inc  Stake Raised by Citizens &amp; Northern Corp Chaffey Breeze - Mar 24, 2017 Alphabet logo Citizens &amp; Northern Corp boosted its stake in Alphabet Inc  by 0.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p9
aS'Cisco Systems, Inc.  Position Reduced by Citizens &amp; Northern Corp BNB Daily  - Mar 27, 2017 Cisco Systems logo Citizens &amp; Northern Corp decreased its stake in Cisco Systems, Inc.  by 0.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Cisco Systems, Inc.  Position Lowered by Baldwin Investment Management LLC - ClickLancashireCisco Systems, Inc.  Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC - Normangee Star'
p10
a.