(lp0
S"Caesars Entertainment Corp's Odds of Survival Just Plummeted Motley Fool - Aug 29, 2016 The day of reckoning may finally be here for Caesars Entertainment  after a judge ruled the company will have to face $11 billion in bondholder lawsuits.US judge denies Caesars Entertainment extension of shield from lawsuits - Las Vegas Review-JournalCaesars Entertainment Corp : The Shell Game Is Over - Investorplace.com"
p1
aS"Why Caesars Entertainment Corp.'s Shares Popped 34% Today Motley Fool - Sep 22, 2016 Shares of gaming company Caesars Entertainment Corp.  jumped as much as 33.8% today after management announced an offer to reorganize bankrupt subsidiary Caesars Entertainment Operating Company .Caesars Entertainment Corporation  Proposes Enhanced Contributions ... - Scibility MediaCaesars Bankruptcy Brawl With Creditors May Be Near Finale - Bloomberg"
p2
aS"Why Caesars Entertainment Corp.'s Shares Dropped 18% Today Motley Fool - Sep 27, 2016 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp.  plunged as much as 17.5% on Tuesday after a preliminary agreement was reached on restructuring bankrupt subsidiary Caesars Entertainment Operating Company .Caesars Entertainment, Caesars Entertainment Operating Co. Announce Key ... - PR Newswire Caesars Entertainment to Emerge From Chapter 11 Bankruptcy - New York Times"
p3
aS'Caesars Entertainment Corporation to Participate in the JP Morgan Gaming ... PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2017 LAS VEGAS, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation  today announced it will participate in the J.P.Caesars Entertainment Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... - Equities.comCaesars Entertainment Corporation  Insider Ownership stands at 2 - The Newburgh Press'
p4
aS"What's Going on With Caesars Entertainment Corp? Motley Fool - Jul 11, 2016 To the outside world, it may seem like owning a casino is the next best thing to printing money, but as the number of casino failures over the years shows, that's not the case.Caesars Entertainment, Caesars Acquisition amend merger deal - Reuters"
p5
aS'Proposed Merger of Caesars Entertainment and Caesars Acquisition Approved by ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 LAS VEGAS, March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   today announced that the Maryland Lottery and Gaming Control Commission has approved its proposed merger with Caesars&nbsp;...Process allowing Caesars Ent. Corp. to emerge from bankruptcy moves forward - GamingTodaySlotsTodayOption Market Alert: Caesars Entertainment Corporation Implied Price Swing ... - CML News'
p6
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: Internap Corporation , Caesars ... StockNewsJournal - 14 hours ago Caesars Entertainment Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -85.51, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Analyst's Proposition on Caesars Entertainment Corporation , Halliburton ... - The USA CommerceThe Caesars Entertainment Corp  Short Interest Up 19.8% in March - Petro Global News 24"
p7
aS"Ruben Sigala Appointed Chief Marketing Officer of Caesars Entertainment PR Newswire  - Dec 21, 2016 LAS VEGAS, Dec. 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   today announced that Ruben Sigala has been appointed Chief Marketing Officer , effective&nbsp;...Caesars Names Sigala CMO - O'Dwyer's PR News"
p8
aS'Caesars Entertainment Corporation and Caesars Acquisition Company Announce ... PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 LAS VEGAS, Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   and Caesars Acquisition Company   today announced that they have amended the terms of&nbsp;...Caesars Entertainment Corporation  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... - Market ExclusiveCaesars Entertainment Operating Company Enters into Committed Financing Agreements - Yahoo Finance'
p9
aS'Caesars Entertainment to launch paid parking initiative Las Vegas Review-Journal - Nov 30, 2016 Caesars Entertainment Corp. said late Tuesday that it will launch a paid valet and self-parking initiative beginning late next month.Caesars Entertainment Announces Parking Program for Las Vegas Properties - PR Newswire Like MGM, Caesars Entertainment to start charging for parking - Las Vegas Sun'
p10
a.