(lp0
S'Dominion Resources, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Dominion Resources, Inc.  is a holding company. The Company is a producer and transporter of energy. The Company is a provider of electricity, natural gas and related services to customers in the eastern region of the United States.Dominion Resources, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Dominion Resources, Inc.  ? The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Dominion Resources, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p2
aS'The Dust Has Cleared And Now Dominion Resources, Inc.  And Its Technicals ... NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Dominion Resources, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p3
aS'Dominion Resources, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 01, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 Dominion Resources, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 01, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.755 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 20, 2017.Glenview Trust Co Purchases New Stake in Dominion Resources, Inc.  - The Cerbat GemThe Comerica Bank Reduces Stake in Dominion Resources, Inc.  - DailyQuint'
p4
aS'Dominion Resources to build two SC solar-generating facilities Richmond.com - Mar 21, 2017 The renewable energy credits produced by the facility will be purchased by Solvay, an international chemicals and advanced manufacturing company with South Carolina sites. South Carolina has a renewable energy portfolio standard, which requires ...Movers Stock Analysis- Glu Mobile Inc. , Dominion Resources, Inc ... - Wall Street Times Dominion to build 81 MW of solar plants in S Carolina - Renewables Now '
p5
aS'Dominion Resources, Inc. subtracted -0.43% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... Free Observer - 19 hours ago Dominion Resources, Inc.  belongs to the Utilities sector with an industry focus on Electric Utilities, with Mr. Thomas F. Farrell II as Exec.Latest Stocks: The Dominion Resources, Inc.  Shares Sold by Allianz Asset ... - Petro Global News 24Dominion Resources, Inc.  Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS'Sales Growth Analysis: Dominion Resources, Inc. , NetApp, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago Shares of Dominion Resources, Inc.  observed rebound of 17.81% since bottoming out at $68.71 on May. 19, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 1.42% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 2.74% so far on the year - still in weak territory.'
p7
aS'Dominion Resources Inc Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - Mar 23, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Dominion Resources Inc  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF.'
p8
aS'Dominion Resources Inc  is a real Dividend Rock Star  here is why Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 If you are an income investor then Dominion Resources Inc  should be on your radar. Dominion Resources, Inc produces and transports energy in the United States and has a market cap of $48.27 Billion.'
p9
aS'Agree To Buy Dominion Resources At $65, Earn 4.8% Using Options Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Dominion Resources Inc  stock, but cautious about paying the going market price of $78.77/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p10
a.