(lp0
S"Deckers Outdoor Corp.  Is Rising As Activist Investor Urges Sale Nasdaq - 18 hours ago  - Red Mountain Capital Partners sent a letter to the Board of Directors of Deckers Outdoor Corp.  Monday urging them to explore a sale of the company.Deckers Outdoor Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 28 - Equities.comTime To Buy These Stocks? Analyst's Take on Deckers Outdoor Corporation (NYSE ... - Sherwood Daily"
p1
aS"Here's Why Deckers Outdoor Corp's Time Is Up  Investorplace.com - Mar 24, 2017 If you're like the typical American, you've probably got a closet full of stuff you simply don't wear anymore. And if you're female, statistics show you may have a few more unwearables than men."
p2
aS'Red Mountain Calls on Board of Deckers Outdoor Corporation to Explore Sale of ... PR Newswire  - Mar 27, 2017 LOS ANGELES, CA, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Red Mountain Capital Partners LLC , an investment management firm owning approximately 3.3% of the outstanding shares of Deckers Outdoor Corporation  ,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Why Deckers Outdoor Corp. Stock Tumbled Today Motley Fool - Feb 3, 2017 The holiday-season quarter is the most important one for Deckers as its sheepskin boots are popular in winter, but its results came up short.Deckers Outdoor, Hanesbrands, Macy's Stocks Moving Today - Schaeffers Research Canaccord Genuity Just Issued Buy Rating on Deckers Outdoor Corp  - Highland Mirror"
p4
aS'UPDATE 1-Marcato takes stake in UGGs maker Deckers Outdoor Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 Feb 8 Activist hedge fund Marcato Capital Management LP reported a 6 percent stake in Deckers Outdoor Corp , saying it intends to discuss strategy and options for the struggling maker of UGG boots and apparel.Deckers Outdoor shares jump after Marcato Capital discloses 6% stake - MarketWatchActivist hedge fund Marcato takes 6 pct stake in Deckers Outdoor - Nasdaq'
p5
aS'Deckers Outdoor Corporation , Carrizo Oil &amp; Gas, Inc.  Stock Eyes ... The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago Presently Deckers Outdoor Corporation  stock have an ABR of 2.29. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.'
p6
aS"Deckers Outdoor Corp.: &quot;Less Bad&quot; is Actually Good in Year of Transition Motley Fool - Aug 5, 2016 Image source; Deckers Outdoor. It's not very often that a company can report an 18% decline in sales and a loss of $1.84 per share, and then see its stock price go up."
p7
aS"Deckers Outdoor Corporation: Ready To Yield 20%+ In 2017 Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2017 The stock of the Deckers Outdoor Corporation  is best positioned to return over 22% to its shareholders in the short-term investment horizon, although long-term prospects are much brighter based on the improving company's business&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Deckers Outdoor  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 28, 2016 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brand Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call.Deckers Squeezes Into Profit Gains Despite Falling Sales - Motley Fool'
p9
aS'Stock in Focus: Deckers Outdoor Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Many investors may be looking to track stock price momentum by looking at different historical information. Deckers Outdoor Corporation  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.92746. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing&nbsp;...'
p10
a.