(lp0
S'DuPont Fabros: A Blooming Flower In A Winter Garden Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Wholesale data center company DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc.  has demonstrated a great ability to grow rapidly in an industry that is itself growing quickly.The Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 54890 Shares of DuPont Fabros ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS"DuPont Fabros Technology Inc. Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 27, 2017 WASHINGTON, Feb. 27, 2017  -- DuPont Fabros Technology Inc. , a leading owner, developer, operator and manager of enterprise-class, carrier-neutral, large scale multi-tenant wholesale data centers, today announced that&nbsp;...Dupont Fabros Technology Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 27 - Equities.comAnalyst's Indicator Review for Avnet, Inc. , DuPont Fabros Technology ... - The USA Commerce"
p2
aS'DuPont Fabros Technology  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.'
p3
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Raymond James Financial, CubeSmart and DuPont Fabros ... Nasdaq - 18 hours ago Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/30/17, Raymond James Financial Incorporated , CubeSmart , and DuPont Fabros Technology  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective ...Smart Money Still Has Faith in DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc.  - Midway MonitorMastercard Incorporated , DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc.  Stock Eyes ... - The USA Commerce'
p4
aS'DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. Announces At-the-Market Offering Program GlobeNewswire  - Feb 23, 2017 WASHINGTON, Feb. 23, 2017  -- DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc.   today announced that it had established an at-the-market program through which it may issue and sell, from time to time, up to an&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Sell-side Target Update on Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 12 hours ago Sell-side analysts that cover the company currently have a consensus target price of $53.888 on shares. The target includes estimates from 9 analysts that were polled by Zacks Research.'
p6
aS'DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. Announces Purchase of Shell Building in the ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 27, 2016 WASHINGTON, Oct. 27, 2016  -- DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. , a leading owner, developer, operator and manager of enterprise-class, carrier-neutral, large multi-tenant wholesale data centers announced today that it has&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Traders Take Note: DuPont Fabros Technology Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - 20 hours ago Take Note: DuPont Fabros Technology Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Looking at the Tea Leaves for DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 23, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. Announces Successful Achievement of Its Sales ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 3, 2016 WASHINGTON, Oct. 03, 2016  -- DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. , a leading, owner, developer, operator and manager of enterprise-class, carrier-neutral, large multi-tenant wholesale data centers, today announced that the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.