(lp0
S'Dollar General Corporation Announces Pricing of $600.0 Million of Senior Notes Business Wire  - 11 hours ago GOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn.----Dollar General Corporation   today announced the pricing of an offering  of $600.0 million of its 3.875% Senior Notes due 2027 .Dollar General Corp.  Downgraded by Credit Suisse Group AG - BNB Daily Dollar General Corp.  PT Set at $69.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS"Dollar General Corp's  CEO Todd Vasos on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Good morning. My name is Kayla and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Dollar General Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Today is Thursday, March 16, 2017. [Operator Instructions]. This call ...Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is an All-Weather Buy - Investorplace.comDollar General Corp. stock turns bullish - FX Daily Report"
p2
aS"Why Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is Only Good When Things Are Bad Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 Dollar General Corp. , the store for people who can't get to a Wal-Mart Stores Inc  regularly, has gone nowhere in the three months since it last reported earnings.Dollar General Earnings Preview - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Credit Suisse negative on Dollar General Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 &quot;DG's long-term growth algorithm looks unachievable, as increasing competition and rising cost pressures should weigh on earnings for some time,&quot; writes analyst Edward Kelly.Dollar General Corporation announces the retirement of its EVP and CMO James ... - EPR Retail News Analyst Downgrades  Dollar General Corp.  Stock Gets Downgraded By ... - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS"Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is the Ripest of the Bargain Bunch Investorplace.com - Mar 3, 2017 There is a lot of concern in the discount retailer space as TGT and other retailers continue to post uninspiring numbers. There was also some concern that merger of DLTR with Family Dollar would push DG to the side. But that hasn't happened. As a ..."
p5
aS'Dollar General closes after inspectors report live rodents, insects found in store WLWT Cincinnati - Mar 20, 2017 The serious sanitation problems that shuttered a store in North Bend on Sunday are being addressed, according to a spokeswoman for Dollar General Corporation. Crystal Ghassemi, of Corporate Communications, indicated the effort will go beyond&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Dollar General Corporation , Welltower ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Dollar General Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.66 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p7
aS'Dollar General Corporation versus Dollar Tree Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago On a fundamental basis, we are looking at two exceptionally strong companies with star ratings near the top, so the head-to-head comparison will rely on a deep dive into specific metric comparisons.'
p8
aS'Dollar General Corporation  And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling ... NY Stock News - Mar 27, 2017 Dollar General Corporation  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p9
aS'Still A Value Trap?  Dollar General Corporation , Analog Devices, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago Shares of Dollar General Corporation  observed rebound of 4.05% since bottoming out at $66.5 on Oct. 05, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -3.67% in the past five days, the stock price is now down&nbsp;...'
p10
a.