(lp0
S'Digital Ally, Inc. Announces 2016 Operating Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial applications, today announced its&nbsp;...Digital Ally, Inc.  FY2016 Total Revenue Declined By 17% - StockNewsUnionDIGITAL ALLY, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Rises Over 150 Points; Digital Ally Shares Plunge Benzinga - 11 hours ago CryoPort Inc  shares dropped 43 percent to $2.02. Cryoport reported a proposed public offering of common stock. Shares of Digital Ally, Inc.  were down around 10 percent to $4.16 after reporting downbeat quarterly results.Mid-Day Market Update: Exeter Gains On Acquisition News; CryoPort Shares Slide - Nasdaq'
p2
aS'Digital Ally, Inc. to Discuss Fourth Quarter 2016 and Year End Operating ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced digital technology products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial security applications, today&nbsp;...Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Digital Ally, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p3
aS'Decision Time: Digital Ally Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection ... CML News - 19 hours ago Decision Time: Digital Ally Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p4
aS'Digital Ally, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Operating Results Marketwired  - Nov 9, 2016 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial applications, today announced its&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Has Digital Ally Inc  Got Enough Cash To Cover Its Short-Term Obligations? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 Digital Ally Inc , which has zero-debt on its balance sheet, can maximize capital returns by increasing debt. The debt will reduce the cost of capital for the company.'
p6
aS'Digital Ally And 3 Law Enforcement Stocks You May Have Never Heard Of Are Surging Benzinga - Jul 8, 2016 Shares of Digital Ally, Inc. , a producer of digital video image and storage products for use in law enforcement, surged higher by more than 50 percent to $6.27 on Friday following the deadly shooting in Dallas in which five police offers ...Digital Ally  Stock: Skyrocketing After Shootings - CNA Finance '
p7
aS'American Medical Response Awards Digital Ally the Largest Commercial Order in ... Marketwired  - Jan 30, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc.  , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial&nbsp;...Digital Ally Surrenders Some Early Gains After Being Awarded Huge Contact - Benzinga'
p8
aS"Digital Ally Will Remain Unprofitable Until 2017, Says Roth Benzinga - May 9, 2016 Digital Ally, Inc.  is scheduled to report its 1Q16 results after market close on May 10. ROTH Capital's William Gibson maintains a Neutral rating on the company, with a price target of $6."
p9
aS"Digital Ally Announces Plans to Enter the Non-Lethal Weapons Market Marketwired  - Dec 6, 2016 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc.  , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial applications, today&nbsp;...Digital Ally To Expand Taser Rivalry With Wireless Stun Gun - Investor's Business Daily"
p10
a.