(lp0
S'As Seen On TV, Inc. and eDiets.com, Inc. Announce Closing of Merger PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2013 CLEARWATER, Fla., March 1, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- As Seen On TV, Inc. , a direct response marketing company, and eDiets.com, Inc., a provider of convenient at-home diet, fitness and healthy lifestyle solutions, today announced the closing&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'As Seen On TV, Inc. Executes Letter of Intent to Acquire eDiets.com, Inc. PR Newswire  - Aug 10, 2012 10, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- As Seen On TV, Inc. , a direct response marketing company and owner of the website &quot;AsSeenOnTV.'
p2
aS'eDiets Expands Technology Platform With Launch of New Diet Plans Marketwired  - Dec 31, 2013 CLEARWATER, FL-- - eDiets.com, a brand of As Seen On TV, Inc.  and the leading digital destination for nutritional products and information, today announced the expansion of its online dieting platform.'
p3
aS'Q+A: Holly Madison talks marriage, motherhood, eDiets.com and returning to the ... Las Vegas Sun - Oct 29, 2013 Nutrition has just become a huge interest of mine, and I love talking about it with my friends and helping other people to be healthy, so working on my diet with the As Seen On TV eDiets.com brand has become a really good fit. Forgive me for being ...'
p4
aS'Weight Management Market Analysis By Diet, By Equipment, By Services and ... Medgadget  - Mar 27, 2017 The Global Weight Management Market is expected to reach USD 442.3 billion by 2025, according to a new research report. Rising number of overweight and obese population coupled with rising popularity of various commercially available solutions is&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"'The Biggest Loser' Trainer Promotes Health and Fitness Through New Diet ... BuddyTV - May 21, 2008 This time, she teamed up with eDiets.com Inc., a leading provider of online weight loss services, information and products based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, according to their website."
p6
aS'Diet industry: Nestle to buy Jenny Craig, Medifast CEO dumps stock CalorieLab Calorie Counter News - Jun 19, 2006 The acquisition in June of last year by Weight Watchers International of the affiliate company that operates the weightwatchers.'
p7
aS'Global Weight Management Market Analysis and Forecast 2025 by Equipment ... Medgadget  - Mar 20, 2017 The global weight management market is expected to reach USD 442.3 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Rising number of overweight and obese population coupled with rising popularity of various commercially&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Drugstore.com set to acquire Salu Inc. DM News - Dec 30, 2009 Online beauty and pharmacy retailer drugstore.com has agreed to acquire Salu Inc., parent company of SkinStore.com and spalook.'
p9
aS"Medical Guardian Expands Leadership Team; Hires Vice President of Sales Business Wire  - Feb 3, 2016 Robert has also previously served as senior vice president of sales and member services at eDiets.com, as well as vice president of sales at Lifeshield, a home security company. Robert is an RCCSP Certified Call Center Manager. He's also completed the&nbsp;..."
p10
a.