(lp0
S'Ultra-Low Dropout 150mA Regulator from Diodes Incorporated Supports Wide Input ... Business Wire  - 22 hours ago PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Reading the Numbers on Shares of Diodes Incorporated  Rives Journal - 5 hours ago Diodes Incorporated  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.18869. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.Highlighting Shares of Diodes Incorporated  - Aiken AdvocateDiodes Incorporated  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p2
aS'2.0A, 2.5A and 3.0A Power Switches from Diodes Incorporated Designed for USB ... Business Wire  - Mar 21, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...Latest Stocks: The New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2457000 ... - Petro Global News 24Diodes Incorporated  Top Sales Projection At $1066.2 - Investor Newswire'
p3
aS"Diodes Incorporated Announces Production Delay at Lee's Summit Wafer Fab Business Wire  - Dec 6, 2016 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...DIODES INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS'Market Check: Narrowing in on Shares of Diodes Incorporated  Baldwin Journal - 9 hours ago Diodes Incorporated  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.13910. The six month price index is easily measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p5
aS'Industry-First 1800W Auto-Compliant Transient Voltage Suppressor Launched by ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the D28V0H1U2P5Q at&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Ultra-Low-Current LDO from Diodes Incorporated Handles Loads up to 150mA with ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the AP7350.'
p7
aS'Diodes Incorporated to Present at the ROTH Conference on March 14 Business Wire  - Feb 23, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application-specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog, and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...Diodes Incorporated  Sales Estimates At $1050.154 - Investor Newswire'
p8
aS"Diodes Incorporated's Power Switcher with HV Transistor Improves Efficiency of ... Business Wire  - Feb 21, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...Diodes Incorporated  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 20 - Equities.comDiodes Incorporated  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - BNB Daily "
p9
aS'Diodes Incorporated to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial ... Business Wire  - Jan 19, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application-specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog, and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, will&nbsp;...'
p10
a.