(lp0
S'Earnings Clues on Discovery Communications, Inc. , Kellogg Company (K ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Discovery Communications, Inc. closed with a change of 0.33% in the Previous ... - Free ObserverA Favorite Among Institutions: Discovery Communications, Inc.  - Midway Monitor'
p1
aS'Discovery Communications Announces the Early Results of its Cash Tender Offer ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 SILVER SPRING, Md., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   today announced that, pursuant to the previously-announced cash tender offer  by its wholly-owned&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Discovery Communications Announces Pricing of Senior Notes PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   announced today that Discovery Communications, LLC  has priced an offering of $450 million aggregate principal amount of a new series of&nbsp;...Successful Earnings Option Trading: Discovery Communications Inc  - CML NewsZacks Investment Research Upgrades Discovery Communications, Inc.  to Hold - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'Discovery Communications Announces Cash Tender Offer for Up to $600 Million ... PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 SILVER SPRING, Md., Feb. 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   today announced the commencement of a cash tender offer  by its wholly-owned subsidiary,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Earnings Growth Research: Discovery Communications, Inc. , Hormel Foods ... USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago Shares of Discovery Communications, Inc.  observed rebound of 16.78% since bottoming out at $23.66 on Jun. 28, 2016.'
p5
aS"Discovery Communications, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Discovery Communications, Inc.,  is a global media company. The Company provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-television , free-to-air and broadcast television, Websites, digital distribution ...What are Analyst's Indicators for Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCK ... - The USA CommerceDigging Up the Facts on Discovery Communications, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Discovery Communications Inc Implied ... CML News - 10 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Discovery Communications Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p7
aS"Why Discovery Communications Inc. Stock  Is Great Value Investors Investorplace.com - Mar 8, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...Is Discovery Communications  a Great Stock for Value Investors? March ... - Zacks.com"
p8
aS'Discovery Communications Announces the Pricing Terms of its Cash Tender Offer ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 SILVER SPRING, Md., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   today announced the pricing terms of the previously-announced cash tender offer  by its&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'What Analysts are Predicting For Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCK ... The USA Commerce - Mar 22, 2017 Discovery Communications, Inc.  share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $29.07.'
p10
a.