(lp0
S"Trade of the Day: Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Investorplace.com - Mar 27, 2017 Dicks Sporting Goods Inc , the Pennsylvania-based retailer of athletic, hunting and golf equipment and apparel, is a close competitor of Finish Line Inc , which had a disastrous earnings report on Friday.Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  PT Set at $58.00 by Robert W. Baird - Chaffey BreezeBuy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. (DKS ... - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods Inc -- Best in Class but in a Shrinking Industry Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 If you ran a public company, and you put up the kind of quarters that Dick's Sporting Goods just did, and you came out and said, &quot;Look, we're going to be straight with you, here's what our guidance is,&quot; and people said, &quot;Ugh, fine, we're out of here ...Dick's Sporting Goods expands its brands in QC - Quad City Times"
p2
aS"What The Gander Mountain Bankruptcy Means For Dicks Sporting Goods, Sportsman ... Benzinga - Mar 13, 2017 Credit Suisse said Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc  will be a better beneficiary from the bankruptcy of Gander Mountain Company  versus Dicks Sporting Goods Inc . DKS may not benefit as much as hoped,&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods And The Competition Dichotomy Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 On Wednesday, the company reported solid results as revenues grew over 10% YOY with a 5% same-store sale improvement. Non-GAAP ... After Sports Authority and Vestis Retail Group filed for bankruptcy protection in 2016 (both chains combined accounted ...Dick's Sporting Goods dumping 20% of vendors to focus on private brands - MarketWatchDICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Three New Stores - PR Newswire "
p4
aS"What a Catch: Dick's Sporting Goods Is Set to Break Out of Its Stock Slump Wall Street Journal  - Mar 6, 2017 Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. is feeling the broader struggles of the retail industry, but the market is unfairly pricing in a blowout defeat in Tuesday's earnings report.Dick's Sporting Goods Looks Compelling Here - Seeking AlphaDICK'S Sporting Goods Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p5
aS"Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Dick's Sporting Goods Inc Implied Price ... CML News - 11 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Dick's Sporting Goods Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now."
p6
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of New Store in Encinitas, CA PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2017 The new location is the eighth former Sports Authority location that that Company has converted and reopened as a DICK'S Sporting Goods this year. This store will feature athletic and outdoor apparel and the latest gear for athletes of all ages in the ...Post Earnings Coverage as DICK'S Sporting Goods Quarterly Sales Increased 10.9% - Yahoo Finance"
p7
aS"No More Ambiguity, Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.  And Its Chart Is Now ... NY Stock News - 14 hours ago The technicals for Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear."
p8
aS"Here's Why DICK'S Sporting is Poised for Strategic Growth Zacks.com - Mar 24, 2017 DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc.  looks good backed by its growth initiatives, merchandising and store growth strategies, as well as impressive earnings history."
p9
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of New Store in Atlanta, GA PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 The new location is the seventh former Sports Authority location that that Company has converted and reopened as a DICK'S Sporting Goods this year. This store will feature athletic and outdoor apparel and the latest gear for team sports, fitness ...Dick's Sporting Goods Is Not in the Strike Zone - TheStreet.com"
p10
a.