(lp0
S'Dolby Laboratories and BlueJeans Network Innovate to Power Superior Meeting ... Yahoo Finance - 15 hours ago Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  and Blue Jeans Network, Inc., a leading video meetings platform, today announced the companies are collaborating to create an entirely new meeting experience.BlueJeans Network Elevates Meeting Experiences with New Partnerships and ... - GlobeNewswire '
p1
aS'Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - 13 hours ago Dolby Laboratories logo Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued on Tuesday.A Favorite Among Institutions: Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  - Midway MonitorDolby Laboratories, Inc.  Charts Indicating Positive Momentum - Melville Review'
p2
aS'Dolby Announces Innovative Audio and Imaging Products for the Cinema Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO----Dolby Laboratories, Inc. , today announced a full spectrum of integrated solutions that will save exhibitors of all sizes both time and money while delivering audiences an experience they can trust from&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Stock in Focus: Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.404173.'
p4
aS"Dolby Laboratories: An Impressive Q1, But Price And Dilution Remain Concerns Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 DLB's Q1 came in well ahead of both guidance and consensus, though there was some help in terms of timing and recoveries. Guidance for the rest of the year still implies relatively slow growth, and Dolby remains heavily reliant on new, unproven ...Dolby Laboratories  Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0 ... - Highland Mirror"
p5
aS'Why Dolby Laboratories, Inc. Stock Rose 14% Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2016 So what: Dolby Laboratories, a company specializing in audio, imaging, and voice technologies, reported revenue and non-GAAP EPS of $274 million and $0.82, respectively.'
p6
aS'Dolby Laboratories  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 27, 2016 Welcome to the Dolby Laboratories Conference Call discussing Fiscal Fourth Quarter Results. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode.'
p7
aS'Dolby: An Overlooked Growth Story With Catalysts Seeking Alpha - Jan 5, 2017 Dolby Laboratories  is a compelling growth story. The stock is currently hovering around $46, but new growth drivers can send it above $60 this year.'
p8
aS'Dolby Laboratories and LG Electronics Announce First Smartphone to Support ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 26, 2017 Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  and LG Electronics , today announced that the LG G6 smartphone will be the first mobile phone to support Dolby Vision high dynamic range  technology.'
p9
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Intel, Apple, and Dolby Laboratories Forbes - Nov 1, 2016 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 11/3/16, Intel Corp , Apple Inc , and Dolby Laboratories Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends. Intel Corp will pay ...'
p10
a.