(lp0
S"DLH Holdings  Secures US Navy's Clinical Preceptorship Program StreetInsider.com - 19 hours ago DLH Holdings Corp.  is pleased to announce winning the U.S. Navy's Clinical Preceptorship Program  contract."
p1
aS'Noble Capital Markets Initiates Research Coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Capital Markets announced today that it has initiated research coverage on DLH Holdings Corp. . The report was issued by Senior Research Analyst, Mark Jordan, CFA. DLH Holdings Corp. is a pure play government&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Danya International Acquired by DLH Holdings Corporation WashingtonExec - May 13, 2016 Provider of technology-enabled program management, consulting, and digital communications solutions Danya International has recently been acquired by Atlanta, Ga.'
p3
aS'Analyst Activity  Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Today, Canaccord Genuity initiated coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  with a Buy with a price target of $6.00. There are 2 buy ratings on the stock.Canaccord Genuity disclosed DLH Holdings Corp. , hiking its price ... - Breaking Finance News'
p4
aS'Decision Time: DLH Holdings Corp.  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Decision Time: DLH Holdings Corp.  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p5
aS"Contract watch: DLH secures $6.5 million Navy contract Staffing Industry Analysts - 12 hours ago DLH Holdings Corp. , a provider of healthcare and logistics staffing and solutions to the US government, secured a US Navy's Clinical Preceptorship Program contract from the US Navy."
p6
aS"With An ROE Of 13.7%, Has DLH Holdings Corp's  Management Done A Good Job? Simply Wall St - Mar 5, 2017 With a ROE of 13.7%, DLH Holdings Corp  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged a ROE of 23.9%.Noble Financial Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp. to Buy with Price ... - Money Flow Index & Trends"
p7
aS'DLH Holdings Corp. versus Gee Group Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 DLH Holdings Corp. has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Gee Group Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p8
aS'DLH Holdings Corp.  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for DLH Holdings Corp.  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p9
aS'DLH Holdings Corp.  Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Chaffey Breeze - Mar 15, 2017 DLH Holdings Corp. logo Canaccord Genuity began coverage on shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  in a research note published on Tuesday.'
p10
a.