(lp0
S'Market View: Looking at the Technicals for Leaf Group Ltd.  The Standard - 13 hours ago Leaf Group Ltd.  has an EV  of 123421. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.The Zacks: Brokerages Set $9.30 Target Price for Leaf Group Ltd  - Petro Global News 24Leaf Group Ltd  Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Leaf Group Ltd. Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Q4 marks our second consecutive quarter of revenue growth - up a solid 9% year-over-year on a pro forma basis, said Sean Moriarty, CEO of Leaf Group. With continued growth in our Marketplaces business, strong growth for Livestrong.com and renewed&nbsp;...Leaf Group Ltd.  CEO Sean Moriarty On Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaLeaf Group Ltd  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Demand Media announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd Reuters - Nov 9, 2016 BRIEF-Demand Media announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd. Nov 9  -. * Demand Media Inc announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd. * Demand Media Inc says also begins trading its common stock on Nov. 9 on New York&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Leaf Group Celebrates Corporate Transformation by Ringing The Opening Bell at ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Executives and guests of Leaf Group Ltd.  visit the New York Stock Exchange  to celebrate its recent corporate transformation.'
p4
aS"Demand Media Announces Intent to Change Name to Leaf Group Business Wire  - Oct 28, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--Demand Media, Inc. , a diversified internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced it has received board approval to change the company's name to Leaf Group Ltd. The company&nbsp;...Demand Media changing names, to Leaf Group - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"Leaf Group to Participate At The 29th Annual ROTH Conference Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----Leaf Group Ltd. , a diversified Internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, announced that the company's Chief Executive Officer, Sean Moriarty, and Chief Financial&nbsp;...Leaf Group Ltd  Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemSean P. Moriarty Sells 8780 Shares of Leaf Group Ltd  Stock - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS'Demand Media Highlights Company Transformation Through New Corporate Name ... Business Wire  - Nov 9, 2016 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----In recognition of its business transformation, Demand Media, Inc., a diversified internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced its new corporate name - Leaf Group Ltd.Demand Media Emerges As Leaf Group - socalTech.com'
p7
aS"BRIEF-Demand Media announces intent to change name to Leaf Group Reuters - Oct 28, 2016 BRASILIA/BEIJING, March 25 China lifted a ban on imports of meat from Brazil on Saturday after Brazilian authorities clarified details of a police investigation into alleged bribery of health inspectors, in a victory for President Michel Temer's ..."
p8
aS"BRIEF-Leaf Group files for mixed shelf of up to $100 million Reuters - Feb 24, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Osmium Partners, LLC Buys Leaf Group, DAVIDsTEA, Liquidity Service, Sells CRA ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 2, 2017 Greenbrae, CA, based Investment company Osmium Partners, LLC buys Leaf Group, DAVIDsTEA, Liquidity Service, sells CRA International, Travelzoo during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.