(lp0
S'Why Diamond Foods, Inc. Stock Jumped 10% in June Motley Fool - Jul 9, 2015 Now what: For years, Diamond Foods has been a radioactive stock, following an accounting scandal that led to the resignation of its CEO and CFO, several financial restatements, and the collapse of its deal to buy Pringles from Procter &amp; Gamble.'
p1
aS"Snyder's-Lance Completes Acquisition of Diamond Foods, Inc. PR Newswire  - Feb 29, 2016 CHARLOTTE, N.C., Feb. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  announced today the completion of its acquisition of Diamond Foods, Inc.  . Per terms of the deal, Snyder's-Lance&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance completes Diamond Foods purchase - The Evening SunSnyder's-Lance looks to boost healthy-snack lineup with acquisition - Charlotte Observer"
p2
aS"Snyder's-Lance to Buy Diamond Foods in $1.27 Billion Deal Wall Street Journal - Oct 28, 2015 Snacks maker Snyder's-Lance Inc. agreed to buy the maker of Emerald almonds and Kettle potato chips in a $1.27 billion deal that highlights how big food makers are racing to add simpler, less-processed foods to their portfolios. Snyder's, known for its&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance, Inc. Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Diamond Foods, Inc. - PR Newswire Snyder's-Lance Investors Balk at Purchase of Diamond Foods - Bloomberg"
p3
aS"Diamond Foods, Inc. Earnings: Is the Snack-Maker Back in Business? Motley Fool - Jun 4, 2014 Diamond Foods' fiscal second-quarter results showed just how impressive a turnaround the snack-food company has made."
p4
aS'Diamond Foods seeks to sell company in pieces MarketWatch - Oct 1, 2015 Diamond Foods, after failing to find a buyer for the entire company, will now look to sell the $1 billion snack foods company in pieces, The Post has learned. The maker US:DMND of Kettle chips, Pop Secret popcorn and Emerald Snacks has switched gears&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Time To Go Nuts With Diamond Foods Seeking Alpha - May 8, 2012 Diamond Foods is a packaged food company with brands that include Emerald snack nuts, Kettle chips, Pop Secret popcorn, and Diamond of California nuts.Diamond Foods Appoints Brian J. Driscoll President and Chief Executive Officer - GlobeNewsWire '
p6
aS'Diamond Foods restatement wipes out $56.5 million in profit Reuters - Nov 15, 2012 Diamond Foods Inc DMND.O on Wednesday restated financial results for fiscal years 2010 and 2011, erasing $56.5 million in profit, and reported sharply lower earnings for the first three quarters of 2012, after an accounting scandal hurt its ability to ...Diamond Foods Announces Changes to Its Board of Directors - GlobeNewswire Diamond restates financials - Baking Business '
p7
aS"A timeline of Diamond Foods' accounting woes Reuters - Feb 9, 2012 Feb 8 Diamond Foods Inc, maker of Emerald nuts and Pop Secret popcorn, said on Wednesday it was changing its top management after an internal audit found it needed to restate results due to improper accounting for payments to walnut growers.The 75% Free Fall In Diamond Foods' Stock Price Is Not Enough - Seeking AlphaNuts! Diamond Foods boots CEO. Stock plunges. - CNN"
p8
aS'Diamond Foods touts Salem food innovation center Statesman Journal - Jul 16, 2015 These are the kinds of questions that a small but ambitious team at the new Diamond Foods Inc. innovation center in Salem will seek to answer.Diamond Foods opens innovation center in Oregon - Baking Business Diamond Foods opens State-of-the-Art Innovation Center - PotatoPro'
p9
aS'Diamond Foods Pays $5M To End SEC Walnut Fraud Case Law360  - Jan 9, 2014 Law360, New York  -- The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has cracked a case of alleged accounting fraud, reaching a $5 million settlement Thursday with Diamond Foods Inc. over claims the snack food company&nbsp;...SEC charges Diamond Foods over nutty accounting - CNNDiamond Foods to Pay $5 Million to Settle SEC Fraud Charges - Wall Street Journal'
p10
a.