(lp0
S"Dow Chemical, DuPont merger gets European Commission approval MLive.com - 17 hours ago MIDLAND, MI -- Dow Chemical Co. and DuPont's $130 billion merger took an important step forward this week with the European Commission granting conditional approval of the deal.European regulators clear Dow Chemical-DuPont merger - The Detroit NewsEU clears Dow-DuPont merger - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'CNBC Transcript: Andrew N. Liveris, CEO, Dow Chemical Company CNBC - Mar 20, 2017 Following is the transcript of a CNBC interview with Andrew N. Liveris, CEO, Dow Chemical Company. The interview was broadcast on CNBC on 20 March 2017.'
p2
aS"Dow Chemical-DuPont merger may impact competition: CCI Economic Times - Mar 22, 2017 Under the DuPont-Dow Chemicals transaction, both would be combined in an all-stock merger. For the deal -- which is expected to create the world's biggest chemical and material firm -- the parties had entered into a definitive agreement in December 2015.The Dow Chemical Co  Position Cut by Kovitz Investment Group Partners LLC - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS'Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy on Dow Chemical Co ... Market Exclusive - 4 hours ago Today, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated its Buy rating on Dow Chemical Co  with a price target of $74.00. There are 1 hold rating, 9 buy ratings on the stock.The Dow Chemical Company performed Very Well with a change of 1.49% in the ... - Free Observer'
p4
aS'Is Dow Chemical  a Good Value Pick? Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago Though Dow Chemical might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p5
aS"Dow Chemical's Andrew Liveris: Education Feeds Manufacturing Growth U.S. News & World Report - 11 hours ago Under his leadership, Dow has evolved from a cyclical chemicals manufacturing company into an enterprise focused on polymers, materials, chemicals and biological sciences. In December 2015, Dow announced a planned merger with agricultural giant&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Chemical co. approaches completion on Freeport plant Houston Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 Midland, Michigan-based Dow Chemical Co.  is nearly done with construction on a massive ethylene plant south of Houston in Freeport, a company executive said.Finish line in sight for Dow's Freeport expansion - Houston ChronicleDow Chemical nears completion of Freeport expansion - FuelFix "
p7
aS'What The Dow Chemical Company  Is Telling Investors Via Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The Dow Chemical Company  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p8
aS"Chemical cos. near regulatory approval for massive merger Houston Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 The Dow Chemical Co. , based in Michigan, and Delaware-based DuPont  are nearing the end of the regulatory approval process for their upcoming merger into DowDuPont, and the companies are now targeting a second-quarter&nbsp;...Dow Chemical Company Foundation provides grant to People's Hospice - The Exponent Telegram  "
p9
aS'Andreas Halvorsen Buys Dow Chemical Co, Deere, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Sells ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 20, 2017 Greenwich, CT, based Investment company Andreas Halvorsen buys Dow Chemical Co, Deere, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Microsoft, Netflix, UnitedHealth Group, Twenty-First Century Fox, Visa, Charles Schwab, JD.'
p10
a.