(lp0
S'Will Duke Energy Continue To Rally? Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 Duke Energy  continues to present itself as an attractive investment opportunity in light of bountiful political uncertainty in both the U.S.Duke Energy  Up 3.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'Agree To Purchase Duke Energy Corp At $70, Earn 5.6% Using Options Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 Investors eyeing a purchase of Duke Energy Corp  stock, but tentative about paying the going market price of $82.83/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p2
aS'Better Dividend Achiever Utilities: Duke Energy Or Xcel Energy? Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Utilities are extremely stable. Electricity and gas are defensive industries. They see continuous demand, even during recessions. This allows them to be consistent dividend payers over long periods of time.'
p3
aS"Is It Time to go for Duke Energy Corporation , Phillips 66 ? StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Duke Energy Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.23 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;...Duke Energy Corporation Posted losses of -0.24% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverDuke Energy Corp  Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS'Duke Energy President Named ESN Board Chair Inside INdiana Business - Mar 20, 2017 Indianapolis-based Energy Systems Network has named Doug Esamann board chairman. He currently serves as executive vice president of energy solutions and president of the Midwest and Florida regions for North Carolina-based Duke Energy Corp. and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Need 5%+ Income For Life? Consider This Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 This can create opportunity if you've got additional cash you can invest but for those that are looking for a less gut-wrenching way to get a 5% yield, there are certainly alternatives."
p6
aS'Trading Update on Shares of Duke Energy Corp  Baxter Review - 7 hours ago The 14-day ADX for Duke Energy Corp  is currently 19.97. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p7
aS'3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Duke Energy Corp , Consolidated Edison ... Investorplace.com - Mar 6, 2017 The utility sector has remained strong of late, as it appears that traders and investors are looking for interest rate alternatives to bonds in the upcoming rising rate environment.'
p8
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Duke Energy Corporation  The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Duke Energy Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'Downstream from Duke Energy plant, Madison and Eden continue costly search for ... Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 19, 2017 Their years-long struggle is directly linked to the Belews Creek Steam Station, the massive coal-fired power plant owned by Duke Energy Corp. in Stokes County. According to conservationists, the presence of trihalomethanes in the public drinking water&nbsp;...'
p10
a.