(lp0
S'Erickson Inc., inches closer to emerging from bankruptcy KTVL - Mar 23, 2017 MEDFORD, Ore.  -- A struggling Portland aviation company is one step closer to emerging from bankruptcy. The Mail Tribune reports that a U.S.'
p1
aS"Mystery silence at Erickson Inc. ends with bankruptcy filing OregonLive.com - Nov 9, 2016 Company officials said the value of Erickson's existing stock depends on the reorganization plan approved by the court.Erickson Inc. files for bankruptcy - KOIN.comHelicopter Operator Erickson Files for Bankruptcy - Wall Street Journal"
p2
aS"Judge approves Erickson Inc.'s bankruptcy plan Statesman Journal - Mar 23, 2017 MEDFORD, Ore.  - A struggling Portland aviation company is one step closer to emerging from bankruptcy. The Mail Tribune reports that a U.S.Bankruptcy court signs off on Erickson's reorganization plan - OregonLive.com"
p3
aS'Erickson Inc. plan of reorganization confirmed by bankruptcy court Skies Magazine  - Mar 22, 2017 Erickson Incorporated completed another important step toward its emergence from bankruptcy when its Chapter 11 plan of reorganization was confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas.Court approves Erickson bankruptcy plan - Mail Tribune'
p4
aS'Erickson Inc. lays off 150 as it rolls out reorganization OregonLive.com - Feb 6, 2015 Portland-based Erickson Inc. laid off roughly 15 percent of its workforce, the aviation company announced Thursday. Executives said a company-wide reorganization prompted the decision to lay off 150 employees.Erickson lays off 150, reorganizes aviation services - Portland Business Journal '
p5
aS"Erickson Inc - The Fall And New Potential Seeking Alpha - Oct 9, 2015 Erickson's eighty-four unit fleet consists of fifteen types/capabilities of rotor and fixed-wing aircraft. What began as a logging business in 1971, expanded into construction and firefighting."
p6
aS'Struggling aviation services firm Erickson Inc. hires investment banker Portland Business Journal  - Jun 9, 2016 Erickson Inc. on Thursday said it has hired investment bank Imperial Capital LLC to explore strategic alternatives, a phrase that can mean a company is for sale.Erickson Engages Imperial Capital - GlobeNewswire '
p7
aS'Erickson Inc. opens DIP purchase option to Second Priority Note Holders GlobeNewswire  - Dec 8, 2016 PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 08, 2016  -- Erickson Incorporated  , a leading global provider of aviation services, today announced the commencement of a process to syndicate participation in a&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Cash-poor Erickson admits debt default a possibility OregonLive.com - Aug 17, 2016 After another disappointing quarter of declining sales and big losses, Portland helicopter company Erickson Inc. doesn't have enough money to pay its bills."
p9
aS"Erickson Inc. Receives Final Court Approval of DIP Financing Facility GlobeNewswire  - Dec 1, 2016 PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 01, 2016  -- Erickson Incorporated  , a leading global provider of aviation services, today announced that on December 1, 2016, less than thirty days after granting Erickson's&nbsp;..."
p10
a.