(lp0
S"Brinker International: Good Value At This Price Seeking Alpha - Mar 28, 2017 It's with that in mind that I'd like to talk about Brinker International . The company has had some operational challenges, and as a result the shares are down about 7% over the past year.Analyst's Indicator Review for Big Lots, Inc. , Brinker International ... - The USA CommerceBrinker International, Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Brinker International: Will Support At $42 Hold? Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 Brinker International  has been struggling for some time now to maintain its revenue base. Weak traffic across the industry has put many restaurant chains in a similar spot but Brinker seems to be suffering a bit more than others.'
p2
aS"Brinker International Has More Downside Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 I've been loudly and aggressively bearish on U.S. brick-and-mortar retail  the last few years, for a number of reasons.Brinker International, Inc.  Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings - Sports PerspectivesChili's president discusses company restructuring - Nation's Restaurant News"
p3
aS'Levels in Review for Brinker International, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 9 hours ago Many investors may be looking to track stock price momentum by looking at different historical information. Brinker International, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.84961. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing ...'
p4
aS"It's done: Brinker International inks deal for headquarters move to Cypress Waters Dallas Business Journal - Feb 27, 2017 Dallas-based Brinker International Inc.  has finalized plans to move its headquarters to Cypress Waters, with plans to set up its corporate operations in a new facility within The Sound along North Lake.Brinker International Moving HQ to Cypress Waters Development - D Magazine"
p5
aS"Brinker International Names Steve Provost Chief Marketing And Innovation ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 DALLAS, March 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brinker International, Inc. , today announced Steve Provost has been named executive vice president and chief marketing and innovation officer of Chili's Grill &amp; Bar.BRINKER INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveMorgan Stanley Downgrades the shares of Brinker International, Inc.  to ... - HugoPress"
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Restaurant Brands International Inc  is Beating ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Brinker International Inc  versus Restaurant Brands International Inc  .'
p7
aS'Brinker International, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 08, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Brinker International, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.34 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 30, 2017.151 institutional investors are raising stakes in Brinker International, Inc ... - Post AnalystBrinker International, Inc.  Director Sells $136604.10 in Stock - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'Brinker International: Serving Up A Plate Of Free Cash Flow Seeking Alpha - Jan 19, 2017 The opposite occurs as well, with companies going through a weak period being punished, and sentiment remaining negative until a company can give investors a reason to be optimistic.Brinker International Inc.  Cut to Underweight at Morgan Stanley - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS"Brinker International Reports Second Quarter Results PR Newswire  - Jan 25, 2017 CHILI'S second quarter company sales decreased 2.9 percent to $632.1 million from $651.0 million in the prior year primarily due to a decline in comparable restaurant sales.Chili's parent Brinker International shares sink after earnings miss, guidance cut - MarketWatchStock on Analyst Radar: Brinker International, Inc.  - Post Registrar"
p10
a.