(lp0
S'Eagle Bancorp Montana Revises First Quarter 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Jul 27, 2016 HELENA, Mont., July 27, 2016  -- Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. , , the holding company of Opportunity Bank of Montana, today reported that its Board of Directors determined that the Company&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Feb 23, 2017 On February 23, 2017, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.  entered into indemnification agreements , on behalf of itself and the Company's principal banking subsidiary, Opportunity Bank Montana ,&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Hancock Holding, Bank of America, Eagle ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Hancock Holding Company , Bank of America Corporation , Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. , Peoples Bancorp Inc.'
p3
aS'Larry Williams Joins Eagle Bancorp Montana as Senior Vice President/Chief ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 17, 2014 HELENA, Mont., Nov. 17, 2014  -- Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. , the holding company for Opportunity Bank of Montana, today announced that Larry Williams will join its senior management team as SVP/Chief Lending&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Unusual Volume Spotted in Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.  Stock Melville Review - 13 hours ago Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.  stock is experiencing unusual volume during today's trading. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $20.00.Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.  Releases Quarterly Earnings Results - Petro Global News 24"
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Bay Bancorp Inc  is Beating Eagle Bancorp Montana ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bay Bancorp Inc  versus Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  .'
p6
aS'Traders Take Note: Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Take Note: Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  is Beating First United ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  versus First United Corporation  .Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  Receives Average Recommendation of Strong ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  versus Porter Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  .Shares Offering Growth At A Reasonable Price: CommerceHub, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHUBA ... - The Finance Registrar'
p9
aS'Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Feb 28, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p10
a.