(lp0
S'Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. and The Empire District Electric Company ... PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 OAKVILLE, ON and JOPLIN, MO, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ - Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp.   and The Empire District Electric Company   announced today updates with respect to the required regulatory&nbsp;...Missouri regulators approve Empire merger; deal expected to close in first ... - Joplin Globe'
p1
aS'Algonquin Power to Buy Empire District for $1.49 Billion Bloomberg - Feb 9, 2016 Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. agreed to acquire The Empire District Electric Co. for $1.49 billion, in the second purchase of a U.S.Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. to Acquire The Empire District Electric ... - Business Wire Empire District Electric agrees to be acquired by Canadian company for $2.4 ... - Springfield News-Leader'
p2
aS'Midwestern Utility Empire District Electric Said to Explore Sale Bloomberg - Dec 11, 2015 Empire District Electric Co., a utility that supplies energy across the Midwestern U.S., is exploring a sale, according to people familiar with the matter.'
p3
aS'Liberty Utilities completes acquisition of The Empire District Electric Co. Bolivar Herald-Free Press  - Jan 5, 2017 Based in Joplin, Empire is an investor-owned, regulated utility providing electric, natural gas  and water service, with around 218,000 customers in Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Arkansas.Empire Gas acquired by Liberty Utilities - Maryville Daily ForumWhy This Utility Is Attractive Today for Growth and Income - The Motley Fool Canada'
p4
aS'Acquisition and merger of Empire District Electric Company complete Four States Homepage - Jan 3, 2017 JOPLIN, Mo. - Liberty Utilities, a subsidiary of Algonquin Power and Utilities based in Canada, has completed the acquisition and merger of Empire District Electric Company. The $2.4 billion sale was announced in February and received approval from ...'
p5
aS'Empire District Electric Company announces retirement of Marsha Wallace Springfield News-Leader - Oct 23, 2016 Marsha Wallace retired from the Empire District Electric Company on Sept. 30 following 36 years of service. Wallace joined the company in 1980 as a systems administrator.'
p6
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Declares Pro-Rated Dividend Business Wire  - Dec 22, 2016 JOPLIN, Mo.---- The board of directors of The Empire District Electric Company  today declared a special pro-rated dividend in preparation for the expected closing of the merger of the Company with Liberty Sub&nbsp;...Merger of The Empire District Electric Co. gets final OK - KY3'
p7
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Files Unanimous Settlement Agreement in ... Business Wire  - Oct 6, 2016 JOPLIN, Mo.----The Empire District Electric Company  announced today a filing with the Kansas Corporation Commission  of a Unanimous Settlement Agreement with respect to the joint application for approval of an&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Merger Agreement Sends Empire District Electric Co's Stock Soaring Motley Fool - Feb 10, 2016 So what: Empire District Electric has agreed to be acquired in an all-cash deal for $34 per share, valuing the company at $2.4 billion. That purchase price represents a 21% premium to the company's closing price on Monday and is 50% above its closing ..."
p9
aS'Is There A Merger Arbitrage Opportunity In Empire District Electric? Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2016 This article discusses the potential merger-arbitrage opportunity in Empire District Electric . On Feb. 9, 2016, Empire ... Empire is currently priced at a forward P/E of 21.55, a full valuation for a company with a burgeoning debt load. In ...'
p10
a.