(lp0
S'Ephraim Fields Comments on Board Changes at Edgewater Technology, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 &quot;We have always known that heedless self interest was bad morals, we now know that it is bad economics.&quot; - Franklin D. Roosevelt.Stock Returns: NCI Inc  is Beating Edgewater Technology Inc ... - CML NewsEdgewater Technology, Inc.  Analyst Coverage - NewsDen'
p1
aS'Guess Who Picked Up Edgewater Technology Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 8, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Edgewater Technology Inc.  reported that Ancora Advisors, Llc.Insider Trading Activity Edgewater Technology Inc.   Director ... - Market ExclusiveStock Returns: Edgewater Technology Inc  is Beating PFSweb Inc ... - CML News'
p2
aS'The Edgewater Technologies Acquisition Affair Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2015 Presently, AMRH is basically an ERP  consulting company focused on SAP solutions. Edgewater Technologies, for its part, if basically an ERP consulting company based on Microsoft Dynamics. There is a level of commonality&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Edgewater Technology: Cash Cow For Cheap Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2015 Although the company's reputation was temporarily hurt by the Wakefield Massacre, it has remained an esteemed name in the IT consulting space."
p4
aS'Edgewater Technology Inc.  Cut to D+ at TheStreet Chaffey Breeze - Mar 28, 2017 Edgewater Technology Inc.  was downgraded by investment analysts at TheStreet from a c rating to a d+ rating in a note issued to investors on Thursday.Edgewater Technology, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p5
aS'A Look At Edgewater Technology Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2015 Edgewater Technology , headquartered in Wakefield, Massachusetts, is an IT consulting firm with over 400 employees.'
p6
aS"Edgewater Technology Inc versus NCI Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 24, 2017 NCI Inc has a higher fundamental rating then Edgewater Technology Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p7
aS'Ancora Advisors Is Buying Edgewater Technology Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Dec 12, 2016 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Edgewater Technology Inc.  reported that Ancora Advisors, Llc has picked up 7,407,865 of common stock as of 2016-12-07.'
p8
aS"Edgewater Technology  Names Jeffrey Rutherford as Interim CEO StreetInsider.com - Mar 9, 2017 Edgewater Technology, Inc.  announced that the Company's Board of Directors has named Jeffrey L. Rutherford, a member of the Company's Board, as Chairman and interim President and CEO, replacing Shirley Singleton.Kurt James Wolf Acquires 20000 Shares of Edgewater Technology Inc.  Stock - Chaffey BreezeEdgewater Technology Inc.  Director Frederick D. Disanto Purchases ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p9
aS'Investing With An Edge: Edgewater Seeking Alpha - Oct 29, 2015 Edgewater is a consulting firm focused on combining classic management consulting with &quot;product-based consulting&quot; mainly through enterprise performance management and resource planning using Microsoft and Oracle products.'
p10
a.