(lp0
S"BRIEF-Ecology and Environment says board is sending a letter to shareholders ... Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Ecology and Environment, Inc. Sends Letter to Shareholders Marketwired  - Mar 27, 2017 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.   today announced that the Company's Board of Directors  is sending a letter to shareholders in connection with the&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Ecology and Environment, Inc. Urges Shareholders to Elect Its Highly Qualified ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.   today announced it has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  its definitive proxy materials in connection with the&nbsp;...Ecology and Environment, Inc. Reports Higher Net Income for First Half of ... - Marketwired '
p3
aS'Ecology and Environment, Inc. Reports Higher First Quarter Net Income Marketwired  - Dec 14, 2016 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.,   reported net income of $0.21 per share for the quarter ended October 29, 2016, up from $0.15 per share reported for the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Ecology &amp; Environment Inc versus Quest Resource Holding Corporation Head to ... CML News - 18 hours ago Ecology &amp; Environment Inc has a higher fundamental rating than Quest Resource Holding Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p5
aS"Troubled Environment Found Inside State Ecology Workers' Cafe Centralia Chronicle - 14 hours ago About 900 workers file into the state Department of Ecology's building in Lacey each day with a mission to - according to the agency's website - protect, preserve and enhance Washington's land, air and water for current and future generations."
p6
aS'Decision Time: Ecology &amp; Environment Inc  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Decision Time: Ecology &amp; Environment Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p7
aS'Form SC 13D/A ECOLOGY &amp; ENVIRONMENT Filed by: Mill Road Capital II, LP StreetInsider.com - Mar 9, 2017 3 to the joint statement on Schedule 13D with respect to the Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value, of Ecology and Environment, Inc., a New York corporation filed by the undersigned on July 23, 2015, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed on October 28,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Mill Road Capital II, LP Issues Open Letter to Class a Shareholders of Ecology ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 As you may be aware, Thursday, April 20, 2017 is the date of the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Ecology and Environment, Inc. . You likely have received the company's proxy materials asking you to elect two directors nominated by EEI as&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Ecology &amp; Environment National Accord - Mar 4, 2017 Published by The Accord Newspapers Limited, Abuja, Nigeria, NATIONAL ACCORD is a national e-Newspaper founded on the best practices of the journalism profession.'
p10
a.