(lp0
S'Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks ... The Cerbat Gem - 8 hours ago Electronics For Imaging logo Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Tuesday.Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment ... - Sports PerspectivesLooking at the Levels for Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  - Searcy News'
p1
aS"GlassHouse: Electronics For Imaging's Balance Sheet 'Littered With ... Benzinga - Oct 13, 2016 GlassHouse Research has published a new damning report on Electronics for Imaging, Inc. . According to the report, Electronics for Imaging has been using every accounting gimmick in the book to tweak its earnings numbers."
p2
aS"Electronics for Imaging Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Electronics for Imaging Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment ... - Chaffey BreezeThe William Blair Comments on Electronics For Imaging, Inc.'s Q2 2017 Earnings ... - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS'ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INVESTOR REMINDER: Hagens Berman Reminds Investors in ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2016 ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INVESTOR REMINDER: Hagens Berman Reminds Investors in Electronics for Imaging, Inc. of Investigation into Possible Accounting Fraud and Securities Law Violations&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'EFI Acquires Optitex to Extend Its Leadership in the Digital Transformation of ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 17, 2016 FREMONT, Calif., June 16, 2016  -- Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  announced today the acquisition of Optitex Ltd.'
p5
aS'Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  stock moves up, Buy rating reiterated ... The Ledger Gazette - Feb 14, 2017 Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  shares rose on Monday February 13 on lower trade volume than normal after a number of analysts weighed in on the investing value of the stock and reiterated thier respective ratings.Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  Receives Buy Rating from Needham ... - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS'EFI to Present at the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference GlobeNewswire  - Feb 23, 2017 FREMONT, Calif., Feb. 23, 2017  -- Electronics For Imaging, Inc. , a world leader in customer-focused digital printing innovation, today announced that Marc Olin, Chief Financial Officer of EFI, will present at the Morgan&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Earnings According to Analysts for Electronics for Imaging, Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - Mar 24, 2017 Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  has a current consensus EPS estimate for the quarter of $0.05 based on Street analyst predictions.'
p8
aS'William Blair Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Electronics For ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 Electronics For Imaging logo Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  - Research analysts at William Blair lifted their FY2018 earnings per share estimates for Electronics For Imaging in a report issued on Monday.Latest Stocks: The Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Position Raised by Fmr LLC - Petro Global News 24State Street Corp Raises Stake in Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'The Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 23, 2017 Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report issued on Wednesday morning.Electronics For Imaging Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Electronics For Imaging, Inc. Cut by William Blair ... - Community Financial News'
p10
a.