(lp0
S"Bottomline Technologies Set to Power Real-time Credit Transfers for European Banks GlobeNewswire  - Feb 8, 2017 LONDON, Feb. 08, 2017  -- Bottomline Technologies , a leading provider of technology solutions to help businesses pay and get paid, has been named as a Front Runner Provider by EBA Clearing for the pan-European&nbsp;...Bottomline secures 'front runner' status for EBA instant payment scheme - FinextraNCR, Bottomline collaborate on Faster Payments platform for smaller UK banks - ATM Marketplace "
p1
aS"Bottomline Technologies Faces Significant Competition, Overvalued Stock Price Forbes - Jan 27, 2017 There's no denying that the future of technology rests in the cloud. However, red flags appear when a firm sacrifices profitability to join the cloud and transitions to a business model with negative margins."
p2
aS'Bottomline Technologies Reaches Analyst Target Price Forbes - Feb 3, 2017 In recent trading, shares of Bottomline Technologies Inc  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $26.33, changing hands for $26.57/share.'
p3
aS'Bottomline Technologies to Announce Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 20, 2016 Who: Bottomline Technologies  helps businesses pay and get paid. Businesses and banks rely on Bottomline for domestic and international payments, effective cash management tools, automated workflows for payment processing and bill&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"NCR and Bottomline joins forces for Faster Payments Finextra - Feb 3, 2017 NCR Corporation , a global leader in omni-channel solutions, today announced that Bottomline Technologies  has integrated Authentic, NCR's intelligent transaction processing platform into its Direct Faster Payment Service  solution.Bottomline Technologies'  CEO Rob Eberle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaBottomline Technologies, Inc.  Upgraded to C at TheStreet - Sports Perspectives"
p5
aS'Ffrees, Wirecard, GPS and Bottomline Technologies team up for U Account Banking Technology - Nov 8, 2016 The account is supported by Wirecard, Global Processing Services  and payments software vendor Bottomline Technologies. For Wirecard and GPS, this is the first foray into agency banking, whereby cardholders can make use of additional payment&nbsp;...Wirecard and Bottomline to support U account launch - Finextra'
p6
aS"Bottomline Technologies   Non-GAAP Metrics Mask Economic Reality ValueWalk - Jan 17, 2017 Since 2011, Bottomline Technologies' after-tax profit  has declined by 21% compounded annually to $3 million in 2016 and -$2 million over the last twelve months ."
p7
aS'Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Bottomline Technologies  to Sell BNB Daily  - 13 minutes ago Bottomline Technologies logo Bottomline Technologies  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note issued on Monday.Bottomline Technologies  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeLatest Stocks: The Bottomline Technologies  Given Consensus Rating of ... - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS'Bottomline unveils universal aggregator for payments Banking Technology - Jun 30, 2016 Bottomline Technologies has launched its Universal Aggregator for payments and the accreditation of its Faster Payment processing capability.'
p9
aS"Bottomline Technologies' 2016 Think Green Award Presented to Greystone ... Nasdaq - Feb 9, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, N.H., Feb. 09, 2017  -- Bottomline Technologies , a leading provider of technology solutions to help businesses pay and get paid, today announced that it has awarded Greystone Healthcare&nbsp;...Bottomline Readies For SEPA Instant Credit Transfer - PYMNTS.com"
p10
a.