(lp0
S"Osisko Corporate Update Yahoo Finance - 10 hours ago The Board, recognizing Mr. Goodman's leadership in the Canadian mining industry and his position as a founding Chairman of the Corporation, has asked Mr. Goodman to remain as Chairman Emeritus of the Corporation, and he has graciously accepted."
p1
aS'Statements by Daryl Brewster, CEO, CECP and Peter Malkin, Chairman Emeritus ... 3BL Media  - Mar 22, 2017 David Rockefeller was tapped in the early days of CECP by Peter Malkin and Paul Newman to lend business acumen to the effort to increase the level and quality of corporate societal engagement. His name easily came to mind when Peter Malkin thought&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Right on: Everett takes on OxyContin makers The Seattle Times - Mar 26, 2017 The story documented extensive internal Purdue monitoring of pill mills which weren't forwarded to federal agents, even as the corporation racked up massive profits. That conduct, coupled with the excruciating toll of the opioid epidemic and ensuing ..."
p3
aS'Teekay Corporation  and Teekay Offshore Partners  Announce Changes to ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 8, 2017 Mr. Axel Karlshoej, Chairman Emeritus of the Teekay Corporation Board and brother of the founder, Torben Karlshoej, said, &quot;I want to thank Sean for his extraordinary leadership over the past 18 years.'
p4
aS'Vic Richey to present 2017 Hays Watkins Lecture on March 31 WKU News - Mar 24, 2017 ... a military intelligence officer in the U.S. Army. The annual Hays Watkins Visiting CEO Speaker Series is made possible through a generous donation from Bowling Green Business University alum Hays Watkins, who is chairman emeritus of CSX Corporation&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Trotto Sisters Win Women In Toys' Emeritus Award At NYC Toy Fair The Newtown Bee - Mar 17, 2017 Sisters Laureen and Maureen Trotto, owners of the design firm Thin Air LLC, were honored at the Women In Toys' 13th Annual Wonder Women Awards Gala in New York City with the Emeritus Award, on February 19. Both were recognized for being major pioneers ..."
p6
aS'SoFi Expands Board of Directors with Three New Additions LendEDU News - Mar 23, 2017 Before becoming a professor and Dean Emeritus, Robert Joss was CEO of Westpac Banking Corporation, one of the biggest banks in Australia.'
p7
aS'BANCFIRST CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 On March 23, 2017, the board of directors of BancFirst Corporation  appointed H.E. Rainbolt as Chairman Emeritus and elected David E. Rainbolt as Chairman of the Board. In addition, David E. Rainbolt will continue serving as CEO of the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Plain Talk: Real butter regains its rightful status Madison.com - Mar 26, 2017 Food corporations like Procter &amp; Gamble and General Foods were in and out of court trying to overturn Wisconsin's laws, while papers like The Capital Times staunchly defended the already-beleaguered family farmers against corporate America, which was&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'John R. Bullis: Surviving spouse, executrix found liable for taxes Nevada Appeal - Mar 28, 2017 Also the court noted she was aware of the unpaid tax liabilities when she transferred ownership  of the corporations to herself. She appealed to the U.S. Supreme ... served Carson City for 45 years. He is founder emeritus of Bullis and Company CPAs.'
p10
a.