(lp0
S'Market View: Watching the Numbers for Electro Scientific Industries, Inc ... The Standard - 15 hours ago Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  has an EV  of 167700. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.'
p1
aS'Electro Scientific Industries Inc. ESIO  Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 News Electro Scientific Industries Inc.ESIO. Significant News Only. 03/01/17; Press Release. ESI Announces Hiring of John Williams as Vice President of Marketing.'
p2
aS'Electro Scientific Industries Inc versus Iteris Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Iteris Inc has a higher fundamental rating then Electro Scientific Industries Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  Position Held by Public Sector ... - Chaffey BreezeElectro Scientific Industries, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS"Electro Scientific Industries'  CEO Michael Burger on Q3 2017 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ESI Fiscal 2017 Q3 Earnings Call. My name is Jamie and I will be your operator for today."
p4
aS'Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  Stake Increased by Renaissance ... Sports Perspectives - 17 hours ago Electro Scientific Industries logo Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  by 7.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...The Way Wall Street Experts See Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Electro Scientific Industries Inc  versus ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Electro Scientific Industries Inc  versus Frequency Electronics Inc  .'
p6
aS'Traders Take Note: Electro Scientific Industries Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Take Note: Electro Scientific Industries Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics ...'
p7
aS"Electro Scientific Industries higher 6.3% on corporate restructuring plans Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 ESIO +6.3% expects to reduce its cost structure by $10 to $12M on an annualized basis and lower its non-GAAP EBITDA breakeven point to approx.ESI Announces Corporate Restructuring - GlobeNewswire Restructuring at Portland-based ESI called 'an answered prayer' - Portland Business Journal"
p8
aS'ESI Selects Michael Burger to be next President and CEO GlobeNewswire  - Aug 19, 2016 PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 19, 2016  -- Electro Scientific Industries, Inc. , an innovator of laser-based manufacturing solutions for the microtechnology industry, today announced that Michael Burger, former CEO of Cascade&nbsp;...ESI taps former Cascade Microtech CEO for top job - Portland Business Journal '
p9
aS'Why Electro Scientific Industries  Stock Might be a Great Pick February ... Zacks.com - Feb 24, 2016 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Electro Scientific Industries Inc.  .'
p10
a.