(lp0
S'Ford Motor Co. admits to lemon law violations in Marion County Indianapolis Star - Mar 27, 2017 After taking it to the shop for repairs 16 times, filing complaints with the Better Business Bureau and Indiana Attorney General, then trying to unsuccessfully send it back to the manufacturer, the Indiana man filed a lawsuit against Ford Motor Co., in ...'
p1
aS"Ford Motor Co. investing $200 million for new data center at Flat Rock ... Southgate News Herald - 15 hours ago It's the second of two new data centers Ford is building in Michigan as the company expects its data usage to increase 1,000 percent - driven by manufacturing and business needs and new mobility services, such as more connected, autonomous and&nbsp;...Ford Motor Company  Invests $1.2B, Trump Touts Job Creation - Investorplace.comFord ups investment in Michigan plants by $350M - The Detroit News"
p2
aS'Is Ford Motor Company  Stock a Suitable Value Investment? Investorplace.com - 20 hours ago One way to find these companies is by looking at several key metrics and financial ratios, many of which are crucial in the value stock selection process.Does Ford  Stock Make for a Suitable Value Investment? - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Shelby Mustang owners sue Ford Motor Company Motor Magazine - Mar 27, 2017 According to Ford Motor Company the stripped-out, powered-up Mustang Shelby GT350 is the most track-capable and race-ready version of the Pony car ever produced - but those very claims have potentially placed the brand in hot water in the United&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Why Ford Is Expecting Lower First Quarter Earnings Fortune - Mar 23, 2017 Ford Motor Co. said on Thursday it expects lower earnings per share in the first quarter and lower pretax profit in 2017 due to higher spending on commodities, warranties and investments, and a drop in sales volumes especially fleet sales.3 Key Takeaways From Ford Motor Co.'s &quot;Let's Chat&quot; Presentation - Motley FoolWhy Not Be Smart And Buy 5% Yielding Ford Motor After It Got Massacred? - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"About Ford And Its Dividend In 2017 Seeking Alpha - 4 hours ago Shareholders of Ford Motor Company  just can't seem to get a break. Shares have dropped and haven't found much traction over the last year or so."
p6
aS"Ford Motor Company  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 28 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Ford Motor Company  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 28, as the stock gained 1.66% to close at $11.65. On the day, Ford Motor Company saw 57.52 million shares trade hands on 93,137 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Media Advisory: Details of Ford Motor Company's March 2017 US Sales Conference ... - Business Wire Active Volume Stock: Ford Motor Co.  - HugoPress"
p7
aS"BRIEF-Ford Motor Co executive Chairman William Clay Ford Jr reports open ... Ward's Auto - 9 hours ago March 28  - Ford Motor Co: * Ford Motor Co - executive chairman William Clay Ford Jr. Reports open market purchase of 171,379 shares of co's common stock - sec filing * Ford Motor Co-executive chairman William Clay Ford reports open market&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Which Ford Motor Company Car Had a BMW Engine? The Drive - Mar 17, 2017 It was this motor, built in a joint operation by BMW and builder-for-hire Magna Steyr in Austria, that Ford plugged into the Continental and Mark VII.'
p9
aS"'Significant' investments in Ford plants Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Ford  will announce investments in three of its Michigan manufacturing facilities this morning, including the Michigan Assembly Plant, Flat Rock Assembly Plant and Romeo Engine Plant, sources told The Detroit News."
p10
a.