(lp0
S'First American Ranked Among the Best Workplaces in Financial Services by ... Business Wire  - 12 hours ago SANTA ANA, Calif.----First American Financial Corporation , a leading global provider of title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, announced today that Fortune and Great Place to&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'First American Financial: An Undervalued Insurance Gem Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 On October 20, First American Financial Corporation  reported a Q3 EPS of $0.96, which beat estimates by $0.08, and also reported Q3 earnings of $1.51 billion, which beat estimates by $50 million.'
p2
aS'What Is Going On With First American Financial? Seeking Alpha - Dec 2, 2016 Take First American Financial Corporation  as an example. As a dividend investor, I was interested in FAF due to its relatively high dividend  and its historical dividend growth rate (an average of ~40% yearly increase during ...'
p3
aS'First American acquires TD Service Financial Corp. HousingWire - Oct 10, 2016 For the first time in more than 50 years, someone other than Dale Dykema is about to lead TD Service Financial Corporation, as First American Financial Corporation announced plans to acquire California-based TD Service and several of its subsidiaries.'
p4
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Assured Guaranty, Employers Holdings and First American ... Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/6/17, Assured Guaranty Ltd , Employers Holdings Inc , and First American Financial Corp  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective ...'
p5
aS"Institutions Attracted to This Stock; Holding Majority of Shares: First ... Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Based on the lastest quarterly filings, institutions continue to be large stakeholders in First American Financial Corporation . The big banks are holding 88.30% of the shares while company insiders are clinging to 1.70%. Shares of First ...Is It Time to go for Jack in the Box Inc. , First American Financial ... - StockNewsJournalWhy Analysts put forward these two stocks: Carter's, Inc. , First ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'First American completes acquisition of RedVision HousingWire - Sep 21, 2016 First American Financial Corporation, a provider of title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, announced Wednesday that it completed the acquisition of RedVision Systems, an independent national provider of ...'
p7
aS'First American Buys TD Service Financial Orange County Business Journal - Oct 11, 2016 Santa Ana-based title insurance firm First American Financial Corp. has bought TD Service Financial Corp. of Orange on undisclosed terms.'
p8
aS"Only 3 days left to First American Financial Corporation 's ex-dividend ... Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 Important news for shareholders and potential investors in First American Financial : The dividend payment of $0.34 will be distributed into shareholder's accounts on Wed 15 Mar 2017 but the stock will begin trading ex-dividend already on the&nbsp;...State Street Corp Increases Stake in First American Corporation   - The Cerbat GemFirst American Financial Corporation  topped earnings-per-share ... - The Independent Republic"
p9
aS'First American: Housing affordability improves marginally in January HousingWire - Mar 27, 2017 Housing affordability improved in January as mortgage rates held steady, according to the Real House Price Index from First American Financial Corp., a provider of title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions ...Housing Affordability Improves Slightly in January as Mortgage Rates Hold ... - Business Wire Affordability Dips Year-Over-Year - DSNews.com'
p10
a.