(lp0
S'Is Diamondback Energy Inc  In A Sound Financial Condition? Simply Wall St - 10 hours ago Stocks with market capitalization between $2B and $10B, such as Diamondback Energy Inc , do not attract as much attention from the investing community as do the small-caps and large-caps.Why Analysts put forward these two stocks: Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG ... - The USA CommerceDiamondback Energy Inc  Upgraded to B- at TheStreet - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Diamondback Energy, Inc. Expands Management Team GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 MIDLAND, Texas, March 15, 2017  -- Diamondback Energy, Inc.   today announced it has expanded its officer group, creating Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and Vice&nbsp;...Digging Up the Facts on Diamondback Energy, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS'Diamondback Energy Inc Risk Points versus Energy CML News - 18 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Diamondback Energy Inc  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.'
p3
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Diamondback Energy Inc Implied Price ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Diamondback Energy Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p4
aS'Diamondback Energy : An Off-the-Radar Potential Winner Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is Diamondback Energy, Inc. FANG. This Oil and Gas - Exploration and Production - United Statesstock has actually seen estimates rise over the ...'
p5
aS'Diamondback Energy Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 01 Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 Diamondback Energy Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 01, as the stock gained 4.81% to close at $105.71. On the day, Diamondback Energy Inc. saw 2.28 million shares trade hands on 20,154 trades. Considering that the stock averages&nbsp;...Insider Trading Activity Diamondback Energy, Inc.   VP Sold 5000 ... - Market ExclusiveStock Returns: Diamondback Energy Inc  versus SM Energy Company ... - CML News'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Diamondback Energy Inc  is Beating Concho ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Concho Resources Inc  versus Diamondback Energy Inc  .'
p7
aS'DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 8, 2017 Diamondback Energy, Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas.'
p8
aS'Lookout for Price Target? Diamondback Energy, Inc. , Great Plains Energy ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p9
aS"Crazy Volume Spikes for: Diamondback Energy, Inc.  HugoPress - Mar 24, 2017 Drexel Hamilton Initiates Coverage On Diamondback Energy, Inc. 's stock to Hold with no specific Price Target.UBS Just Issued Neutral Rating on Diamondback Energy Inc  - Highland MirrorStock-research Ratings: Diamondback Energy, Inc. , United States Steel ... - TWN"
p10
a.