(lp0
S'Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features Motley Fool - 12 hours ago In updates rolling out this week for the mobile Facebook app on iOS and Android, the latest Facebook version will include three new features for photos and videos: camera effects, Facebook Stories, and an easier way to share photos and videos directly ...Facebook Inc  Slams Snap Inc  With Facebook Stories - Investorplace.comFacebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat - Reuters'
p1
aS"Facebook Inc  Stock Owners, Put This on Your Radar Investorplace.com - 21 hours ago While nobody could deny that Facebook Inc  has been a smashing success, those FB stock holders who keep close tabs on the company's operations know all too well there will come a time when the company can't add new users at a&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Facebook, Inc. Steps Up Its Live Video Tech Motley Fool - Mar 23, 2017 In recent quarterly earnings calls, Facebook  CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been saying that the social network is currently &quot;putting video first.'
p3
aS"Facebook, Inc.'s Instagram Hits 1 Million Active Advertisers Motley Fool - Mar 22, 2017 Facebook's  photo- and video-sharing app, Instagram, announced Wednesday morning it has now garnered an impressive one million active advertisers on the platform.Instagram Is Now A Major Driver Of Facebook Inc.  Stock - AmigobullsFacebook Inc  to Add Appointments Booking Feature to Instagram - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS"6 Things You Didn't Know About Facebook, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 Older Facebook users may recall Friendster, the first social network to reach over a million users. However, Friendster never grew to the same scale as competitors like MySpace and Facebook, and it eventually pivoted into social gaming (as a subsidiary ...Buy Facebook Inc  Stock as It Steals Snap Inc's  Thunder - Investorplace.com"
p5
aS"10 Reasons Facebook Inc  Stock Is a Strong Buy Yahoo Finance - Mar 24, 2017 Facebook Inc  stock had just gone public for $38 per share, giving it a valuation north of $100 billion. But roughly two months after its inital public officering, concerns that the company didn't know how to handle the increasing popularity of ..."
p6
aS"Facebook Higher After Upgrades To Camera Benzinga - 16 hours ago After a higher open, Facebook's stock continued in that direction before peaking at $140.00 and reversing course. The ensuing decline went beyond Monday's close of $140.32, but found support at $140.01 and rebounded."
p7
aS"Not Being Bullish on Facebook Inc  a Big Mistake, Snap Inc  Gets One ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 22, 2017 It's an interesting day for the tech investor, as Facebook Inc  receives a vote of confidence from an analyst who regrets ever straying from the FB parade, and as Snap Inc  gets one of its first bullish notes from a five-star ..."
p8
aS'Facebook Inc  Buy, Sell or Hold? Live Trading News - Mar 28, 2017 During the past 10 bars, there have been 6 white candles and 4 black candles for a net of 2 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 28 white candles and 22 black candles for a net of 6 white candles.'
p9
aS"Facebook's Messenger app adds live location-sharing Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 Facebook Inc added a feature to its Messenger app on Monday to allow users to share their locations continuously for up to an hour, ramping up competition with tools offered by Apple Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google Maps."
p10
a.