(lp0
S'Southern First Bancshares, Inc.  Director Leighton M. Cubbage Sells 965 ... Chaffey Breeze - 13 hours ago Southern First Bancshares logo Southern First Bancshares, Inc.  Director Leighton M. Cubbage sold 965 shares of Southern First Bancshares stock in a transaction on Monday, March 27th.Latest Stocks: The Southern First Bancshares, Inc.  Director Sells ... - Petro Global News 24Insider Deal: Leighton Cubbage Sold 965 Shares of Southern First Bancshares ... - Herald KS'
p1
aS'Traders Take Note: Southern First Bancshares Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - 19 hours ago Take Note: Southern First Bancshares Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'First Bancshares Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Community Financial News - 6 hours ago First Bancshares logo First Bancshares Inc  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday.'
p3
aS'THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  Files An 8-K Completion of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Current Report on Form 8-K filed by The First Bancshares, Inc.  with the Securities and Exchange Commission on.'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Southern First Bancshares Inc  versus United ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Southern First Bancshares Inc  versus United Bancshares Inc  .Latest Stocks: Brokerages Anticipate Southern First Bancshares Inc.  to ... - Petro Global News 24Southern First Bancshares, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p5
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For The First Bancshares, Inc.  Fiscal Standard - Mar 28, 2017 Stock market analysts and brokers have recently amended their target prices on shares of The First Bancshares, Inc. .First Community Bancshares Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 27 - Equities.comStock Returns: The First of Long Island Corporation  is Beating ... - CML News'
p6
aS'Southern First Bancshares Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Southern First Bancshares Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 5.9% to close at $35.90.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: The First Bancshares Inc  is Beating LCNB Corp ... CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for The First Bancshares Inc  versus LCNB Corp.  .'
p8
aS'Southern First Bancshares Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - Mar 22, 2017 Southern First Bancshares Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock lost 3.28% to close at $32.45.Southern First Bancshares, Inc.  Reaches $32.25 After 9.00% Gap Down ... - Wolcott DailySouthern First Bancshares fourth-quarter profit rises 15.35 percent on a YOY basis - Myiris.com'
p9
aS'First Bancshares Inc  Given Hold Rating at Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods The Cerbat Gem - Mar 20, 2017 First Bancshares Inc logo Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods reissued their hold rating on shares of First Bancshares Inc  in a research note released on Friday morning.Stock Returns: Southern First Bancshares Inc  versus Select ... - CML NewsLatest Stocks: The First Bancshares Inc  Rating Reiterated by Keefe ... - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.