(lp0
S'First Commonwealth Financial Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 But making First Commonwealth Financial Corp an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Wednesday, shares of FCF entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $12.68 per share.'
p1
aS'DCB Financial Corp Receives Shareholder Approval for Merger with First ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 First Commonwealth , headquartered in Indiana, Pennsylvania, is a financial services company with $6.7 billion in total assets and 122 banking offices in 19 counties throughout western and central Pennsylvania and northeastern and central Ohio,&nbsp;...Shareholders approve sale of Delaware County Bank - The Columbus Dispatch'
p2
aS'First Commonwealth Financial Corporation versus Hancock Holding Company Head ... CML News - 16 hours ago First Commonwealth Financial Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Hancock Holding Company which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p3
aS'First Commonwealth buying Ohio bank for $106M Pittsburgh Business Times - Oct 3, 2016 First Commonwealth Financial Corp. on Monday announced its third Ohio deal in less than two years and second in two months.First Commonwealth in Pa. to Buy DCB Financial in Ohio - American BankerDCB Financial , First Commonwealth Financial  Enter Merger Agreement - StreetInsider.com'
p4
aS'First Commonwealth hires EVP for consumer, small business lending Pittsburgh Business Times - Dec 21, 2016 First Commonwealth Financial Corp. has hired Jeff Rosen as executive vice president/consumer and small business lending, a newly created post at its banking subsidiary.First Commonwealth in Pa. Hires Consumer Lending Leader - American Banker'
p5
aS"First Commonwealth Financial  Unit to Acquire FirstMerit Bank Branches StreetInsider.com - Jul 27, 2016 First Commonwealth Financial Corporation  announced that its banking subsidiary, First Commonwealth Bank , has signed a definitive agreement to acquire 13 branches in Canton and Ashtabula, Ohio, with $735 million of&nbsp;...FirstMerit to sell 13 branches in Ohio to First Commonwealth Bank - Crain's Detroit Business"
p6
aS'US Bancorp  Shares Sold by First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago U.S. Bancorp logo First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA lowered its position in shares of U.S. Bancorp  by 1.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p7
aS'First Commonwealth Financial Corporation versus Fidelity Southern Corporation ... CML News - 18 hours ago First Commonwealth Financial Corporation has a higher fundamental rating than Fidelity Southern Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.First Commonwealth Financial  Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment ... - Community Financial NewsInsider Buying: First Commonwealth Financial  Insider Acquires 5000 ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'First Commonwealth closes Ohio deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Dec 5, 2016 First Commonwealth Financial Corp. on Monday completed its acquisition of 13 former FirstMerit Bank branches in Canton and Ashtabula, Ohio.13 former FirstMerit Bank branches in Stark, Ashtabula now First Commonwealth - Akron Beacon Journal '
p9
aS'First Commonwealth Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 First Commonwealth Financial Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.95% to close at $13.84.First Commonwealth Financial Corporation  Broker Price Targets For ... - Fiscal StandardFirst Commonwealth Financial Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p10
a.