(lp0
S"Who's Who Legal Honors 16 FTI Consulting Professionals as Construction Expert ... GlobeNewswire  - 20 hours ago FTI Consulting, Inc. is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political &amp; regulatory, reputational and transactional."
p1
aS"FTI Consulting Strengthens its TMT Practice with the Appointment of Sohail ... Nasdaq - Mar 27, 2017 LONDON, March 27, 2017  -- FTI Consulting, Inc.  today announced the appointment of Sohail Qadri as a Senior Advisor in the firm's Telecommunications, Media &amp; Technology  industry practice."
p2
aS'FTI Consulting Honored With 16 M&amp;A Advisor Turnaround Awards GlobeNewswire  - Mar 23, 2017 FTI Consulting, Inc. is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political &amp; regulatory, reputational and transactional.'
p3
aS"FTI Consulting Announces Leadership Appointments in Economic Consulting and EMEA GlobeNewswire  - Mar 22, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 22, 2017  -- FTI Consulting, Inc.  today announced leadership changes in the firm's Economic Consulting segment and Europe, Middle East &amp; Africa  region, effective immediately."
p4
aS"FTI Consulting Appoints Todd Lester to Boost EPP Practice Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 FTI Consulting, Inc.  recently announced the appointment of Todd Lester as Senior Managing Director of the firm's Economic Consulting segment and its Energy, Power &amp; Products  industry practice."
p5
aS"FTI Consulting's Shannon Stucky Pritchett Recognized by Consulting Magazine as ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 13, 2017  -- FTI Consulting, Inc.  today announced that Shannon Stucky Pritchett, a Senior Managing Director in the firm's Strategic Communications segment, has been named to Consulting&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"FTI Consulting's Global Shareholder Activism Map Illustrates the Growth of ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 WASHINGTON, Feb. 15, 2017  -- FTI Consulting, Inc.  published an update to its interactive Global Shareholder Activism Map, which shows that shareholder activism gained momentum and geographic breadth in 2016."
p7
aS'FTI Consulting Professionals Recognized as Leading Forensic Accountants and ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 FTI Consulting, Inc. is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political &amp; regulatory, reputational and transactional.'
p8
aS"FTI Consulting Expands Energy, Power &amp; Products Practice with the Addition of ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 2, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 02, 2017  -- FTI Consulting, Inc.  today announced that Todd Lester has joined the firm's Economic Consulting segment and its Energy, Power &amp; Products  industry practice as a Senior Managing&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Watching the Levels for FTI Consulting, Inc.  Rives Journal - 10 hours ago FTI Consulting, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.269449. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p10
a.