(lp0
S'Federated Investors Inc. PA Sells 3564 Shares of HubSpot Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago HubSpot logo Federated Investors Inc. PA reduced its stake in HubSpot Inc  by 34.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p1
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Has $317000 Position in Cerner Co.  The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Cerner logo Federated Investors Inc. PA decreased its stake in shares of Cerner Co.  by 11.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p2
aS'Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Shares Bought by Federated Investors Inc. PA Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Rockwell Collins logo Federated Investors Inc. PA increased its position in Rockwell Collins, Inc.  by 718.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Rockwell Collins Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p3
aS'Carnival Corp  Position Cut by Federated Investors Inc. PA Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Carnival Corp logo Federated Investors Inc. PA reduced its position in shares of Carnival Corp  by 51.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.'
p4
aS'TransDigm Group Incorporated  Shares Bought by Federated Investors Inc. PA Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago TransDigm Group logo Federated Investors Inc. PA raised its position in TransDigm Group Incorporated  by 197.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.'
p5
aS'Jefferies Group LLC Upgrades Federated Investors Inc  to Hold Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Federated Investors logo Federated Investors Inc  was upgraded by research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from an underperform rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Friday.Gordon J. Ceresino Sells 4378 Shares of Federated Investors Inc  Stock - Sports PerspectivesFederated Investors Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p6
aS"Federated Investors, Inc.'s President and CEO J. Christopher Donahue to ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Federated Investors, Inc. , one of the nation's largest investment managers, announced today that President and CEO J. Christopher Donahue is scheduled to discuss the company's strategy for growth at the Citi 2017 Asset&nbsp;...What Type of Consensus Views Analysts hold about Federated Investors, Inc.'s ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p7
aS'Investor Guide: Check on Technical Levels for Federated Investors Inc  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago The 14-day ADX for Federated Investors Inc  is currently 18.74. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p8
aS'Financial Institutions, Inc.  Shares Bought by Federated Investors Inc. PA The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Financial Institutions logo Federated Investors Inc. PA boosted its stake in shares of Financial Institutions, Inc.  by 808.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange ...'
p9
aS'Latest Stocks: The Owens Corning  Stake Lowered by Federated Investors Inc. PA Petro Global News 24 - 18 hours ago Federated Investors Inc. PA cut its stake in Owens Corning  by 98.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Owens Corning  Stake Lowered by Federated Investors Inc. PA - BBNS'
p10
a.