(lp0
S'SanDisk to Buy Fusion-io for $1.1 Billion Bloomberg - Jun 16, 2014 SanDisk Corp. agreed to buy Fusion-io Inc. for about $1.1 billion, gaining a provider of storage systems to Facebook Inc. and Apple Inc. and a route to grow its data center business.SanDisk to Buy Fusion-io - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS'Fusion-io Is A Supplier Worth Your Money Seeking Alpha - Jan 22, 2014 Fusion-io, Inc.  is a Utah based company operating in the industry of data storage devices. It was established in 2005 and was formerly known as Fusion Multisystems Inc. Fusion provides storage class memory platforms and storage solution&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Why SanDisk's Acquisition Of Fusion-io Makes Sense Seeking Alpha - Jul 8, 2014 SanDisk Corporation , the California-based storage devices company, announced on June 16, 2014, that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Fusion-io Inc. , the solid state based input output solutions provider used in&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Fusion-io Plunges Most Ever After CEO, Co-Founder Resign Bloomberg - May 8, 2013 Fusion-io Inc. plunged the most ever after replacing Chief Executive Officer David Flynn with Shane Robison, a former Hewlett-Packard Co.Former HP Exec Shane Robison Named CEO of Fusion-io - All Things Digital'
p4
aS"Fusion-io Takeover Talk Resurges With Seagate: Real M&amp;A Bloomberg - Sep 11, 2013 Shares of Fusion-io rose 26 percent after Western Digital said this week it's buying smaller competitor Virident Systems Inc. for $685 million. Fusion-io, which counts Apple Inc. and Facebook Inc. as its top customers, would give Seagate a stronger ..."
p5
aS'Why Fusion-IO  Stock Is Falling Today TheStreet.com - Apr 24, 2014 &quot;We rate FUSION-IO INC  a SELL. This is driven by multiple weaknesses, which we believe should have a greater impact than any strengths, and could make it more difficult for investors to achieve positive results compared to most of the stocks we ...'
p6
aS'Western Digital buys flash memory maker Virident, focus now on Fusion-io Reuters - Sep 9, 2013 Western Digital Corp said it would buy Virident Systems Inc for $685 million as the hard drive maker and Seagate Technology Plc battle for a piece of the fast-growing market for solid-state drives used in servers.'
p7
aS'HireVue hires former Fusion-io executive David Bradford as CEO Deseret News - Nov 7, 2011 David Bradford, former chief executive officer of Fusion-io Inc., has accepted a position as the new CEO of HireVue, Inc., a provider of digital interviewing technology, on Monday.'
p8
aS"Here's Why SanDisk Is Buying Fusion-io Motley Fool - Jun 19, 2014 SanDisk's offer is equivalent to $11.25 per share, representing a premium of 21% to Fusion-io's price on June 13. The premium may seem unjustified to many investors, as Fusion-io has reported a loss in five consecutive quarters. Why is SanDisk ..."
p9
aS"What Do Recent Seagate Technologies &amp; Western Digital Acquisitions Mean For ... Motley Fool - Jun 4, 2014 During Fusion-IO's  66% stock price loss since its 2011 IPO, it has been the center of acquisition rumors. The seemingly continuous spending spree on flash storage product companies all but adds fuel to this fire."
p10
a.