(lp0
S'FP Resources to Acquire First Marblehead  in $65.5M Deal StreetInsider.com - Jun 3, 2016 The First Marblehead Corporation  announced that it has entered into a merger agreement to be acquired by FP Resources USA Inc., an entity beneficially owned by John Carter Risley of Nova Scotia, Canada, for US$5.05 per share in cash, in a&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Corporate Close-Up: Calculating the Property Factor for First Marblehead and ... Bloomberg BNA - Jan 11, 2016 As Jennifer McLoughlin recently reported in the January 7 Daily Tax Report, First Marblehead Corp. and its subsidiary are seeking a determination that the commonwealth's apportionment formula is not internally consistent."
p2
aS'Meyers owes $45 million in stock deal Boston Globe - Mar 2, 2012 Dan Meyers lost a very large fortune watching First Marblehead Corp., the Boston student loan company he runs, plunge in value over the past five years.'
p3
aS'First Marblehead Stockholders Approve Merger; Transaction Completed Marketwired  - Aug 22, 2016 MEDFORD, MA-- - The First Marblehead Corporation  today announced the completion of its acquisition by FP Resources USA Inc. ,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Short end of the stick Boston Globe - May 3, 2011 Here's the $45 million question: Did First Marblehead Corp. chief Dan Meyers stiff one of the company's earliest investors and the father of its former president in a pair of unusual private stock agreements struck more than a decade ago?"
p5
aS'First Marblehead Education Resources, Inc. Launches New Private Student Loan ... Marketwired  - Jul 5, 2016 MEDFORD, MA-- - The First Marblehead Corporation  today announced that First Marblehead Education Resources, Inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of FMD, has launched its new raise^ private student loan&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'First Marblehead and SunTrust Extend Contract Until 2017 Marketwired  - Jun 2, 2014 BOSTON, MA-- - The First Marblehead Corporation  today announced that it has entered into an amendment to its loan program agreement with SunTrust Bank.'
p7
aS'First Marblehead  Enters Settlement with TERI Over Loan Data StreetInsider.com  - Nov 27, 2012 The First Marblehead Corporation ) has settled its dispute with The Education Resources Institute, Inc.  relating to certain historical loan data .'
p8
aS"First Marblehead to change name amid NYSE, IRS challenges Boston Business Journal - Nov 12, 2013 If First Marblehead Corp. can emerge unharmed from what could be a more-than $300 million battle with the IRS and an effort to preserve its listing status on the New York Stock Exchange, it'll do it with a new name."
p9
aS'NS billionaire John Risley mum on plans for student loan company First Marblehead TheChronicleHerald.ca - Aug 23, 2016 The banking industry is rapidly evolving and new players are coming onto the scene, but most of them lack the depth of experience and knowledge of a company like Massachusetts-based First Marblehead Corporation, Risley said in an interview Tuesday.'
p10
a.