(lp0
S"FNB completes Yadkin deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 13, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Monday said it successfully completed its merger with Yadkin Financial Corp. on Saturday. At $1.4 billion, the transaction was the largest to date for F.N.Investor's Alert: FNB Corp  - Post Registrar"
p1
aS'Yadkin Bank purchased by FNB Corp Jefferson Post - Jul 25, 2016 RALEIGH-Yadkin Bank was purchased last week by Pittsburgh-based FNB Corp., in a deal worth some $1.4 billion, according to a press release issued jointly by both companies.'
p2
aS"FNB Corp. buying Yadkin Financial in $1.4B deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Jul 21, 2016 One of Pittsburgh's biggest banks, F.N.B. Corp., is acquiring Yadkin Financial Corp. for $1.4 billion and entering North Carolina.Pittsburgh bank buying Raleigh's Yadkin Bank for $1.4B - News & Observer"
p3
aS'FNB Corp  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago F.N.B. Corp logo F.N.B. Corp  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report released on Friday.The 2378446 Shares in FNB Corp  Acquired by Norges Bank - Petro Global News 24FNB Corp  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS'FNB Corporation and Yadkin Financial Corporation Shareholders Approve Merger ... PR Newswire  - Dec 9, 2016 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- F.N.B. Corporation  announced that the shareholders of both FNB and Yadkin Financial Corporation  adopted the necessary approvals to complete the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger&nbsp;...FNB and Yadkin shareholders approve deal - Pittsburgh Business Times'
p5
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, First Financial Bancorp ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/28/17, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd , First Financial Bancorp , and FNB Corp  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"FNB names leadership team for North and South Carolina markets Pittsburgh Business Times - Aug 25, 2016 F.N.B. Corp. on Thursday announced the leadership team for its new markets in the Carolinas, keeping much of the executive team of Yadkin Financial Corp.FNB names Yadkin Bank's Steven Jones to leadership role - News & Observer"
p7
aS'FNB adds to finance leadership team, hires two from larger banks Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 9, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Thursday announced two key appointments to its finance leadership team, both hailing from larger banks. Jim Dutey joined F.N.'
p8
aS"Mortgage business a 3Q driver for FNB Pittsburgh Business Times - Oct 20, 2016 F.N.B. Corp.'s decision a few years ago to build its mortgage banking operations paid off big time in the third quarter of 2016, President and CEO Vincent Delie Jr."
p9
aS'Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in FNB Corp  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 22, 2017 F.N.B. Corp logo Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in F.N.B. Corp  by 150.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.The Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in FNB Corp  - Petro Global News 24Active Stock News  FNB Corp , Franklin Resources, Inc.  - Wall Street Times '
p10
a.