(lp0
S'Financial Engines, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 20, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017 Financial Engines, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 20, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.07 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 05, 2017.Financial Engines Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comFinancial Engines Inc  Stake Maintained by New York State Teachers ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Market Check: Narrowing in on Shares of Financial Engines, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 9 hours ago Financial Engines, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.36238. The six month price index is easily measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.Dividend Growth &amp; Technical Update on Financial Engines, Inc.  - Business Review'
p2
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Financial Engines Inc Price Volatility Hits An ... CML News - 10 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Financial Engines Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at an unsually high level.'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Financial Engines Inc  is Beating OM Asset ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Financial Engines Inc  versus OM Asset Management plc  .'
p4
aS'Financial Engines Inc.  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 8, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Financial Engines Inc.  reported that Warburg Pincus Private Equity X, L.p.Financial Engines, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveFinancial Engines, Inc. - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS'Company Stock in Focus: Financial Engines, Inc.  Rives Journal - 14 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Financial Engines, Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.283202.'
p6
aS'Will Financial Engines  Continue to Surge Higher? Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 As of late, it has definitely been a great time to be an investor in Financial Engines, Inc. FNGN. The stock has moved higher by 14.7% in the past month, while it is also above its 20 Day SMA too.'
p7
aS"Another 401 record keeper sued over 'pay to play' scheme with Financial Engines InvestmentNews - Nov 11, 2016 Xerox HR Solutions, one of the largest record keepers for defined contribution plans, has been sued over an alleged pay-to-play scheme with managed-account provider Financial Engines Inc., following similar lawsuits filed recently against other ..."
p8
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Cincinnati Financial, EastGroup Properties and Financial ... Nasdaq - Mar 16, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/20/17, Cincinnati Financial Corp. , EastGroup Properties Inc , and Financial Engines Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Financial Engines: Ex-employees stole customers for their new business Kansas City Business Journal - Feb 8, 2017 Financial Engines Inc., which bought The Mutual Fund Store, is suing two former senior vice presidents for breach of contract and misappropriation of trade secrets, accusing them of stealing company-owned information and clients to start a competing&nbsp;...'
p10
a.