(lp0
S'Bovie Medical Corporation versus Fonar Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - 16 hours ago Fonar Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Bovie Medical Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p1
aS'Fonar: Not Too Many Reasons To Be A Buyer Anymore Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2016 Fonar continues to do well with its medical diagnostic business, but its MRI business is basically non-existent. While its medical diagnostic business is the main reason the stock went to higher levels, I always envisioned higher MRI sales as well.'
p2
aS"Fonar: At Last, Light At The End Of The Tunnel? Seeking Alpha - Oct 2, 2012 FONAR  is one of those stocks from my investment childhood. In fact, it's probably the first stock I ever speculated on, when I opened my first brokerage account many years ago ."
p3
aS'Fonar - Unknown And Undervalued Seeking Alpha  - Sep 10, 2014 Fonar Corporation  is engaged in the research, development, productions, and marketing of medical scanning equipment, which uses principles of Magnetic Resonance Imaging  for the detection of and diagnosis of human diseases.'
p4
aS"What You Must Know About Fonar Corporation's  Financial Health Simply Wall St - Mar 22, 2017 Companies with small market capitalization such as Fonar Corporation , while they can deliver high growth, financial strength is the deciding element in their long-term existence."
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Kewaunee Scientific Corporation  is Beating Fonar ... CML News - Feb 26, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fonar Corporation  versus Kewaunee Scientific Corporation  .'
p6
aS'Alphatec Holdings Inc versus Fonar Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Fonar Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Alphatec Holdings Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: LeMaitre Vascular Inc  is Beating Fonar ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fonar Corporation  versus LeMaitre Vascular Inc  .'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Cutera Inc  is Beating Fonar Corporation  CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Cutera Inc  versus Fonar Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Fonar Is An Unusual And Undervalued Play On The Obesity Epidemic Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2014 Fonar Corp.  is an undervalued stock in the medical field that will benefit from the obesity epidemic in the United States and abroad in an unusual way.'
p10
a.