(lp0
S'First Potomac Realty Trust  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from ... Community Financial News - Feb 19, 2017 First Potomac Realty Trust logo Shares of First Potomac Realty Trust  have earned a consensus rating of Hold from the seven analysts that are currently covering the stock.'
p1
aS"Today Analysts Focus on First Potomac Realty Trust , Associated Banc-Corp ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of First Potomac Realty Trust  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -0.12 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ...First Potomac Realty Trust of Beneficial Interest  Moves Higher on Volume ... - Equities.comFirst Potomac Realty Trust  Insider Ownership stands at 1.8 - The Newburgh Press"
p2
aS'BRIEF-First Potomac Realty Trust says Richard Chess and Alan Merten inform ... Reuters UK - Mar 22, 2017 BRIEF-First Potomac Realty Trust says Richard Chess and Alan Merten inform board their intention to retire from board. March 22 First Potomac Realty Trust-. * On March 21, Richard B. Chess and Alan G. Merten informed board of trustees of co that they&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'A year later, First Potomac reports improved outlook Washington Business Journal - Feb 24, 2017 Not in the Berkshire Hathaway stratosphere of $254,350 per share, or even within striking distance of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust at $33.16 per share - but still a cause for some celebration as Milkovich summed up the past 12 months on an&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'First Potomac Realty Trust Sells Two Joint Venture Assets For $59.5 Million PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 BETHESDA, Md., March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- First Potomac Realty Trust , a leader in the ownership, management, development and redevelopment of office and business park properties in the greater Washington D.C.First Potomac sells two more assets - Seeking AlphaFirst Potomac Realty Trust  Upgraded by Evercore ISI to Outperform - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'First Potomac sheds One Fair Oaks for substantially less than it paid to buy it Washington Business Journal - Feb 21, 2017 The Bethesda-based real estate investment trust sold One Fair Oaks Jan. 9 for $14 million, or about $65.35 per square foot, First Potomac  disclosed Tuesday. The 214,214-square-foot building at 4114 Legato Road was anchored by federal&nbsp;...First Potomac Realty Trust Announces Sales of Plaza 500 and One Fair Oaks - PR Newswire First Potomac Realty Trust reports 4Q results - Yahoo Finance'
p6
aS'Unlock 25% Upside Potential With An Opportunistic Investment In First Potomac ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2016 Currently on a multi dimensional strategic plan to, among others, reduce leverage and change structure of debt, the majority of which is in floating rate.'
p7
aS'First Potomac Realty Trust Announces Tax Reporting Information For 2016 Common ... PR Newswire  - Feb 2, 2017 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- First Potomac Realty Trust , a leading owner and operator of office and business park properties in the greater Washington D.C.'
p8
aS"First Potomac outlines plan to shed, reshape millions of square feet in DC ... Washington Business Journal - Feb 22, 2016 First Potomac Realty Trust CEO Bob Milkovich laid out a series of steps Monday he hopes will reposition not just the Bethesda-based real estate investment trust's portfolio but also the company itself."
p9
aS'Donatelli out, Milkovich in as CEO of First Potomac Realty Trust Washington Business Journal - Nov 9, 2015 That as First Potomac is trying to shed a number of under-performing office and industrial properties in Northern Virginia and facing the potential loss of some key anchor tenants across the region including CACI International Inc. in Fairfax County ...Doug Donatelli Out as CEO of First Potomac - BisnowBusiness Notes: Gusto Set to Open Silver Spring Location; Leadership Changes ... - BethesdaMagazine.com'
p10
a.