(lp0
S'Fiesta Restaurant Group Shares Jump on Report of Possible Sale Bloomberg - Oct 14, 2016 Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc., the owner of the Pollo Tropical and Taco Cabana chains, rose as much as 10 percent after the New York Post reported that the company has put itself up for sale.Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  Shares Boosted On Hopes of Sale - Scibility MediaWhy Salesforce.com, Fiesta Restaurant Group, and Terex Jumped Today - Motley Fool'
p1
aS'Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $7833000 Stake in Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc ... The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Fiesta Restaurant Group logo Renaissance Technologies LLC decreased its stake in Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  by 49.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  Director Brian P. Friedman Acquires 660000 ... - Chaffey BreezeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS'Why Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc. Stock Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group also appointed former Benihana chief Richard Stockinger as CEO. Stockinger succeeds Danny Meisenheimer, who temporarily took the helm when former CEO Tim Taft retired this past September.Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. Appoints Richard Stockinger CEO - Yahoo FinanceFiesta Restaurant Group names CEO; suspends talks of sale - Dallas Business Journal'
p3
aS"Activist takes aim at Fiesta Restaurant Group Nation's Restaurant News - Jan 30, 2017 JCP Investment Management LLC nominated three people Monday to the board of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc., complaining about the decline in value at the owner of Pollo Tropical and Taco Cabana in recent years.Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. Confirms Receipt of Director Nominations Notice - Business Wire "
p4
aS'Fiesta Restaurant Group Perks Up On Sale News Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group  has produced a very nice and stable rally from its bottom at $20 a few months ago. But the restaurant business is a tough one these days as declining traffic continues to take its toll on just about every player in ...Analysts Set Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  Price Target at $29.10 - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc, 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p6
aS"Why Shares of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc. Slumped Today Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 What: Shares of restaurant operator Fiesta Restaurant Group  tumbled on Tuesday following the company's first-quarter earnings report. At noon, the stock was down about 17.5%. So what: Fiesta reported quarterly revenue of $176.7 million,&nbsp;...Fiesta Restaurant Group: Q1 Sell-Off Provides Gift Opportunity - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Insider Invests in Fiesta Restaurant Group Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc.  director Brian Friedman purchased 660,000 shares of the company between March 1 and March 3, according to an SEC filing.Recent Trading Updates: Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  - Is storiesCrazy Volume Spikes for: Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p8
aS'Fiesta Restaurant Group  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 8, 2016 Before we begin, I must remind everyone that during the call today, the company will include statements that are not based on historical information.Parent company of Taco Cabana, Pollo Tropical posts $4.5 million loss - San Antonio Express-News '
p9
aS"Fiesta Restaurant Group: Now What? Seeking Alpha - Aug 28, 2016 Shares still look inexpensive, but the risk-reward isn't truly compelling - it depends what management does. The good news is that activism or &quot;suggestivism&quot; could ensure this company is steered on the right track and value is realized for shareholders.Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. CEO Tim Taft to Retire at Year-End - Business Wire Fiesta Restaurant Group CEO to retire - Nation's Restaurant News"
p10
a.