(lp0
S'First Amendment Group Wants Homeland Security To Turn Over Records On Phone ... Consumerist - 15 hours ago Amid concerns about increased searches of electronic devices at U.S. borders and points of entry, a new lawsuit seeks to compel the Department of Homeland Security to make relevant records available to the public. The lawsuit [PDF] was filed yesterday ...Group sues Trump administration, seeks data over searches of electronics at border - The Globe and MailGroup files lawsuit over US border searches of electronic devices - UPI.com'
p1
aS"Presidential Security Group gets new commander Inquirer.net - Mar 22, 2017 Bautista will now head the Army's 1st Infantry Division in Pagadian City, Zamboanga del Sur. Prior to being Duterte's senior military adviser, Dagoy was assigned to the Davao City-based Eastern Mindanao Command.Army colonel is new Presidential Security Group chief - RapplerNew Presidential Security Group commander named - The Standard"
p2
aS"Japan's LDP Said to Weigh First Long-Range Weapons Since War Bloomberg - 4 hours ago A policy research group in Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party will propose that Japan arm itself with offensive weapons for the first time since World War II, according to a party member. As fears mount over North Korea's growing ..."
p3
aS"Apple iCloud hack threat gets worse: Here's what we've learned ZDNet - 19 hours ago The hacker group is threatening to reset the passwords on those iCloud accounts and remotely wipe customer devices if Apple doesn't pay a ransom by April 7. The hackers have approached multiple outlets, likely in an effort to strengthen its extortion ...Hackers promised an iCloud apocalypse  but probably can't deliver - The Verge"
p4
aS"Chinese private security companies go global Financial Times - Feb 26, 2017 Details of the operation last year, revealed here for the first time, point to the greater role being played by China's fledgling private security industry. Its growth ... About 3,200 Chinese employees of private security groups were based abroad last ..."
p5
aS'X-ray detector and security sensor sales double profits for engineering giant ... This is Money - Mar 24, 2017 British engineering giant Smiths Group more than doubled its pretax profits in the first half of the year thanks to strong sales of security sensors and x-ray detectors. The FTSE 100-listed conglomerate, which supplies hospital equipment, industrial ...'
p6
aS"Clandestine network of Gaza hackers says Palestinian sentenced to 9 years for ... Mondoweiss - 16 hours ago No one doubts that Majd Oweida, 23, is brilliant, but it is what he did with his brilliance that is a source of contention between his parents who are advocating for his release from an Israeli prison, and Israel's security service who have accused him ..."
p7
aS'Falanx Group launches new cyber threat detection platform DIGITALLOOK - 19 hours ago Cyber security firm Falanx Group has launched a new cyber threat detection platform, MidGard, which is expected to cut costs and gain new clients for the company. MidGard detects, alerts and provides analysts with the ability to investigate and ...'
p8
aS"BUZZ in Palm Beach: TRUMP might throw out 1st pitch at Nats Park -- Despite ... Politico - 20 hours ago BUZZ in Palm Beach: TRUMP might throw out 1st pitch at Nats Park -- Despite happy talk, NO Dem outreach from WH -- SCOOP: NEWS ORGS increase security -- NUNES' possible source ... WE HOPE THIS IS TRUE -- Playbook's Palm Beach correspondent Luke Russert ..."
p9
aS'Environmental groups vowing to fight Trump climate actions The Missoulian - 1 hour ago Environmental groups vowing to fight Trump climate actions. By TAMMY WEBBER ... But they say their first order of business is to mobilize a public backlash against an executive order Trump signed on Tuesday that eliminates many restrictions of fossil ...'
p10
a.