(lp0
S"First Solar Inc : What You Must Know About Financial Health Of This Low ... Simply Wall St - 13 hours ago Although mid-cap stocks, such as First Solar Inc  with a market-capitalization of USD $2.95 Billion, aren't as popular among investors, they have delivered the most impressive risk adjusted returns.First Solar to Deliver 48.5MW Manildra Solar Farm in Australia - Business Wire First Solar secures financing for 48.5-MW Aussie PV park - Renewables Now "
p1
aS'Semiconductor Stocks under Review -- NVIDIA, SunPower, First Solar, and Cirrus ... PR Newswire  - 20 hours ago , First Solar Inc. , and Cirrus Logic Inc. . According to a report by the Semiconductor Industry Association, global semiconductor sales increased across all regions on a y-o-y basis, with the largest growth&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On First Solar And Fitbit Benzinga - Mar 24, 2017 Jim Cramer said on CNBC's Mad Money that First Solar, Inc.  is a value trap, because investors thinks management can't get it right technologically."
p3
aS'First Solar Inc.  Begins Clean Energy Production In Moapa ... Journal Transcript - Mar 23, 2017 The project is a product of First Solar. It is powered by more than 3.2 million high level thin film photovoltaic  solar panel designed by First Solar. This can be equated to solar panels of more than 25 million square feet or solar panels enough ...First Solar Starts Operations of the 250-MW Moapa Southern Paiute Solar Project - EnergyOnlineOfficials complete tribal land solar power plant - Electric Light & Power'
p4
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: First Solar, Inc. , International ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of First Solar, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -8.60 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 14 ..."
p5
aS"Wall Street's Biggest Solar Power Bear Thinks First Solar Is Headed For A ... Benzinga - Feb 28, 2017 Axiom's Gordon Johnson, who correctly predicted the downfall of SunEdison in 2016, initiated First Solar, Inc.  at a sell in a note on Tuesday and announced a $21 price target for the stock.Analyst's Predictions on First Solar, Inc. , The Chemours Co.  - StockNewsJournalEquity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for First Solar, Inc. , CF ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'First Solar Commissions Moapa Southern Paiute Solar Project Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Additionally, Trump said that he would change all solar policies. This had a major impact on almost all major solar companies.First Solar selling 200 MW in India, powers up Moapa - Renewables Now First Solar Commissions 250 MW Utility-Scale Solar Plant On Tribal Land - Solar Industry'
p7
aS"First Solar, Inc.  Stock: It's All or Nothing Now Investorplace.com - Mar 23, 2017 The past twelve months haven't been easy ones for First Solar, Inc.  shareholders, which is to say, they've been downright miserable.First Solar Reaches Lowest Level Since April 2013 - Benzinga"
p8
aS"Despite Current Administration, First Solar Isn't Going Anywhere Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 First Solar designs, manufacturers, and sells photovoltaic solar modules with thin-film semiconductor technology. The company also designs, constructs, and sells, entire systems composed of the cells that it makes.Why Shares of First Solar, Inc. Jumped 16% in February - Motley Fool"
p9
aS'Urban Outfitters, First Solar, Frontier Communications booted from S&amp;P 500 MarketWatch - Mar 10, 2017 Urban Outfitters Inc. URBN, -0.26% First Solar Inc. FSLR, -0.94% and Frontier Communications Corp. FTR, +7.73% are being booted from the S&amp;P 500 index after S&amp;P Dow Jones raised its market cap guidelines for the index late Friday.'
p10
a.