(lp0
S'Fuel Tech Inc.: March 7, 2017 Fuel Tech Schedules Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 7, 2017 WARRENVILLE, Ill. - March 7, 2017 Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced that it will ...'
p1
aS'Fuel Tech Awarded Air Pollution Control Orders Totaling $2.9 Million Business Wire  - Feb 27, 2017 WARRENVILLE, Ill.----Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced the receipt of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Fuel Tech  Secures $2.3M in Air Pollution Control Orders StreetInsider.com - Mar 14, 2017 Fuel Tech, Inc.  today announced the receipt of multiple air pollution control  contracts from customers in Europe.'
p3
aS'Fuel Tech, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - Mar 28, 2017 05/19/2015 - Fuel Tech, Inc. had its buy rating reiterated by analysts at Brean Capital. They now have a USD 4.5 price target on the stock.Market Scope: Taking a Look at Fuel Tech, Inc.  - SKV NewsBargain or Bait? Stock Update on Fuel Tech, Inc.  - Morgan Research'
p4
aS"Fuel Tech Licenses SNCR Techology to India's ISGEC Heavy Engineering Ltd. Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 WARRENVILLE, Ill.----Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced the signing&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Fuel Tech Inc versus Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Fuel Tech Inc has a higher fundamental rating than Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p6
aS'Fuel Tech Inc versus Quest Resource Holding Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Quest Resource Holding Corporation has a higher fundamental rating then Fuel Tech Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p7
aS'Fuel Tech Awarded Air Pollution Control Orders Totaling $3.0 Million Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced the receipt of multiple air pollution control (APC ...In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Fuel Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - The De Soto Edge'
p8
aS'Fuel Tech Acquires Two Air Pollution Control Technology Companies Business Wire  - Apr 30, 2014 WARRENVILLE, Ill.----Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced that through&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Breaking Down: Fuel Tech Inc  Stock Drop Below Support ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Fuel Tech Inc has a one bull  technical rating because it's trading below the 10 day, 50 day and 200 day simple moving averages while the 10-day moving average is below the 50-day moving average and the 50-day moving average is&nbsp;..."
p10
a.