(lp0
S"Flotek Industries CEO to Present at Young Jewish Presidents' CEO Forum Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago HOUSTON, March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Flotek Industries, Inc.  Chief Executive Officer, President &amp; Chairman of the Board John W. Chisholm will be a featured speaker at the Young Jewish Presidents' CEO Forum in New York on Thursday, March&nbsp;...Why to Keeping Eye on Flotek Industries, Inc. , Northwest Bancshares, Inc ... - StockNewsJournalNew York State Teachers Retirement System Has $616000 Stake in Flotek ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p1
aS"Flotek Industries, Inc. Provides Interim Update on Fourth Quarter Operations PR Newswire  - Dec 20, 2016 HOUSTON, Dec. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Flotek Industries, Inc.   today provided an update on the current operating environment and other metrics.Here's Why Flotek Industries Inc.'s Stock Is Sinking Today - Motley Fool"
p2
aS'Flotek: Drilling Down To Zero Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 Flotek Industries Inc.  is primarily a supplier of specialty chemicals to oil and gas exploration and oilfield service companies.FourWorld Capital Issues Results of Independent Analysis of Flotek Industries ... - PR Newswire '
p3
aS'Flotek Industries, Inc. Announces First Quarter, 2016 Financial and Operating ... PR Newswire  - May 3, 2016 HOUSTON, May 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Flotek Industries, Inc.   today announced results for the three months ended March 31, 2016.'
p4
aS'Flotek Industries Earnings Missed Expectations, Shares Surged Anyway Motley Fool - Feb 10, 2017 Shares of oil and gas drilling chemical manufacturer Flotek Industries  jumped 15.8% yesterday. The big bump in share price came on the heels of its earnings release that showed the company grew revenue and earnings compared to the prior&nbsp;...Houston energy tech co. to divest business segments - Houston Business Journal'
p5
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Flotek Industries Inc Stock Volatility Hits ... CML News - 20 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Flotek Industries Inc  has seen its stock price move at an elevated level.'
p6
aS"Why Flotek Industries Inc.'s Shares Jumped 18% Today Motley Fool - May 4, 2016 What: Flotek Industries Inc.  reported earnings on Tuesday and the market was pleased with what it saw, sending shares as much as 18% higher in trading Wednesday."
p7
aS'FourWorld Capital Urges Investors In Flotek Industries To Raise Key Questions ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Flotek failed to present data supporting benefit of its fracking additive CnFin face of critical research issued by FourWorld.Flotek Industries, Inc.  Shares Bought by Barrow Hanley Mewhinney ... - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS"Open Letter To Flotek's CEO, John Chisholm Seeking Alpha - Dec 27, 2016 A follow-up to our &quot;Drilling Down To Zero&quot; article, in response to Flotek's recently released 8K. MHA acknowledged all of the criticism that we leveled at their three CnF reports.Flotek Refutes Study Findings, Says Oilfield is Biggest Lab - Rigzone"
p9
aS"Flotek Welcomes Michelle Adams, Technology Leader, to its Board of Directors PR Newswire  - Jan 30, 2017 HOUSTON, Jan. 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Flotek Industries, Inc.  today announced the appointment of Michelle Adams, a recognized and highly-experienced technology executive, to Flotek's board of directors."
p10
a.