(lp0
S"Valley National Bancorp To Acquire 1st United Bancorp, Inc. And Enhance Its ... PR Newswire  - May 8, 2014 WAYNE, N.J. and BOCA RATON, Fla., May 8, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- The Boards of Directors of Valley National Bancorp   and 1st United Bancorp, Inc.   announced today that the companies have entered&nbsp;...1st United, Palm Beach County's largest bank, acquired by New Jersey bank - South Florida Business JournalValley National Bancorp to acquire Florida chain in $312 million deal - NJBIZ"
p1
aS'Valley National Bancorp and 1st United Bancorp, Inc. Announce Closing Date for ... PR Newswire  - Oct 22, 2014 WAYNE, N.J., Oct. 22, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Valley National Bancorp   and 1st United Bancorp, Inc.   jointly announced today that the closing of their previously announced merger transaction will be ...'
p2
aS'Anderen Bank now part of 1st United Bancorp Bizjournals.com - Apr 2, 2012 1st United Bancorp Inc. completed its $38 million acquisition of Anderen Financial and its subsidiary Anderen Bank. The stock-and-cash deal, ... Based on total deposits, 1st United will be the 13th largest bank headquartered in Florida, the statement said.'
p3
aS'Schupp to collect big check, but smaller salary, after 1st United sale South Florida Business Journal - May 12, 2014 Rudy Schupp would collect a seven-figure check upon joining Valley National Bancorp after its purchase of his 1st United Bancorp, but his salary would take a dip. Boca Raton-based 1st United  announced May 8 that it would be acquired by&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Wayne-based Valley National Bank completes merger with Fla. bank NorthJersey.com - Dec 1, 2015 Valley made its first retail branch foray into Florida last November with the purchase of Boca Raton-based 1st United Bancorp Inc. Its acquisition of CNL will expand its reach into the state's west coast markets. The combined company has more than $20 ..."
p5
aS"NJ banks increasingly looking out of state for acquisitions NJBIZ - Aug 4, 2014 The Wayne-based Valley National Bancorp's CEO, Gerald Lipkin, said the impetus for the $312 million acquisition was identifying Florida's booming population and economy. Florida is not as difficult to do today, despite its distance, as it was 13 years ..."
p6
aS"The Next Big Thing: Tradition in St. Lucie County is poised for big growth Florida Trend - Aug 28, 2014 BOCA RATON - Wayne, N. J.-based Valley National Bancorp will enter the Florida market by acquiring Boca Ratonbased 1st United Bancorp for roughly $312 million in stock. 1st United's 1st United Bank, the seventh-largest publicly held bank based in&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Valley National Bancorp to Acquire CNLBancshares, Inc., Strengthening and ... PR Newswire  - May 27, 2015 &quot;Approximately one year ago we announced our initial entre into Florida with the acquisition of 1st United Bancorp, Inc. Since that time, Rudy Schupp and his management team have exceeded all of our pro forma growth expectations. The proposed&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Form NSAR-A BLACKROCK MUNIYIELD INVE For: Jan 31 StreetInsider.com - 14 hours ago LLC, Oppenheimer &amp; Co, Raymond James &amp; Associates, Inc., Roosevelt &amp; Cross, Inc, Stifel, Nicolaus &amp; Company, Inc., TD Securities  LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments,Inc, Academy Securities, Inc., Blaylock Beal Van, LLC, FTN Financial Securities Corp ...'
p9
aS"PHOTO GALLERY: Business After Hours at the United Food Bank Plant City Observer - Aug 22, 2016 The United Food Bank of Plant City hosted the Greater Plant City Chamber of Commerce's monthly Business After Hours networking event Thursday, Aug. 18."
p10
a.