(lp0
S'First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc. Announces Cash Dividend PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2017 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- President and Chief Executive Officer, William G. Petroplus, announced that the Board of Directors of First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc.  has declared a quarterly cash dividend of 20 cents per share to be paid to ...'
p1
aS'First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc. Announces Appointment of William G ... PR Newswire  - Mar 26, 2015 WHEELING, W.Va., March 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc.   announced that William G. Petroplus will serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer.'
p2
aS"Progressive Bank Taps William G. Petroplus for Chairman of Board Wheeling Intelligencer - Sep 12, 2016 The board of directors of First West Virginia Bancorp Inc. announced William G. Petroplus has been appointed to serve as the company's chairman of the board following the resignation of R. Clark Morton."
p3
aS'Progressive Bank Directors Are Honored for Service Wheeling Intelligencer - Dec 25, 2016 He has also served as a member of the Board of Directors of First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc., parent company of Progressive Bank, N.A.'
p4
aS'OTC Markets Group Announces the 2017 OTCQX Best 50 Canada NewsWire  - Feb 2, 2017 The top performing U.S. based company at #3 was First Federal of Northern Michigan Bancorp, Inc .'
p5
aS'Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. Announces Completion Of First National ... PR Newswire  - Jan 19, 2016 First National, a $245 million single bank holding company  headquartered in Ronceverte, West Virginia, is parent company of First National Bank also headquartered in Ronceverte, West Virginia. Under terms of an agreement of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. Announces Agreement to Purchase First National ... PR Newswire  - Jul 7, 2015 In conjunction with the acquisition by Premier, First National Bank, First National's wholly owned subsidiary bank, will be merged into Premier Bank, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Premier also headquartered in Huntington, West Virginia. The ...Premier to Acquire First National Bankshares - West Virginia Public Broadcasting"
p7
aS'First National Bank Corp completes merger with Metro Bancorp, achieves $20 ... cleveland.com - Feb 16, 2016 PITTSBURGH, Pennsylvania - First National Bank Corp. announced Tuesday that Saturday it successfully completed its merger with Harrisburg-based Metro Bancorp, Inc. As a result of the merger, according to a press release, FNB, which is headquartered in&nbsp;...FNB Corp  Announces Completion of Metro Bancorp Merger - StreetInsider.com'
p8
aS'Bank of Lancaster and Virginia Commonwealth Bank plan to merge; combined ... Richmond.com - Nov 3, 2016 Kilmarnock-based Bay Banks of Virginia Inc., which owns Bank of Lancaster, and Petersburg-based Virginia BanCorp Inc., the holding company for Virginia Commonwealth Bank, said the combined company would have about $794 million in assets and $633 ...Another bank merger to shake up Richmond market - RichmondBizSense'
p9
aS'Another Bank Below Book Value: Premier Financial Bancorp Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2016 Premier Financial Bancorp  is a relatively small and sleepy multi-state bank holding company with 47 branch offices across five states and Washington D.C.'
p10
a.