(lp0
S"Gaia Now Available on Comcast's Xfinity on Demand GlobeNewswire  - 19 hours ago LOUISVILLE, Colo., March 28, 2017  -- Gaia, Inc. , a leading conscious media video subscription service, announced its subscription video on demand service - featuring videos from Gaia's large library of conscious&nbsp;...Gaiam, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal StandardLouisville-based yoga-streaming service available through Comcast - BizWest Media"
p1
aS"EVINE Live Inc versus Gaia Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 16 hours ago Gaia Inc has a higher fundamental rating then EVINE Live Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p2
aS'Gaia: Is The Niche Too Small? Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 Gaia  is a digital video streaming service that provides media content to its subscribers. What makes this company unique is that it focuses on &quot;New Age&quot; and alternative content.'
p3
aS"Gaia Inc versus JRjr33 Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Gaia Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then JRjr33 Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p4
aS'Gaia Inc  ATR Momentum Alert Business Review - 11 hours ago Shares of Gaia Inc  has seen its average true range trend higher over the past 10 bars, indicating strong momentum potential and increased volatility.'
p5
aS'Gaia Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Gaia Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.'
p6
aS"Gaia Inc.: Gaia Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 28, 2017 BOULDER, CO --  -- 02/27/17 -- Gaia, Inc. , a leading conscious media video subscription service, reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016.Gaia's  CEO Jirka Rysavy on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Gaia Inc Price Volatility Hits An Unsually High Level CML News - Mar 24, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Gaia Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at a notable high level.'
p8
aS'Buy or Sell Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.  Gaia, Inc. (NASDAQ ... Rives Journal - Mar 27, 2017 Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.'
p9
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Gaia Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Gaia Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p10
a.