(lp0
S'Kemper Power Plant Continues to Hurt Southern Company Market Realist - Mar 27, 2017 More importantly, the plant is expected to turn competitive only if natural gas prices are high. Southern Company is reported to have done a viability analysis with natural gas prices at $5 per million British thermal units. According to the U.S ...'
p1
aS"Like the new EPA chief, Southern Company's CEO doesn't see CO2 as main reason ... CNBC - 15 hours ago ... Southern Company Chairman and CEO Tom Fanning told CNBC on Tuesday. Fanning said on &quot;Squawk Box&quot; he's not denying that climate change is occurring."
p2
aS"Southern Company Says Its Delayed Kemper Power Plant Not Viable as Coal Plant DeSmog  - Feb 27, 2017 The documents also reveal that while possible gas price volatility was cited, Southern Company's proposal relied almost entirely on the plant's promise as a test case for cutting CO2 emissions from burning coal - especially lignite coal, a dirty, low ..."
p3
aS'Why Southern Company and Bloom Energy Are Combining Fuel Cells and Batteries Fortune - Oct 25, 2016 One of the biggest utilities in the U.S. and a Silicon Valley tech company are combing the latest in energy technology to sell a system that can both generate and store electricity onsite at a building.Bloom Energy and PowerSecure Team Up for 50MW of Fuel Cellsand Some Batteries - Greentech MediaHome Depot cut 4800 cars worth of emissions with Bloom Energy tech - CNBC'
p4
aS"Southern Co.'s Synthetic Gas Plant Suffering With Lower For Longer NatGas Prices Natural Gas Intelligence - Feb 23, 2017 Continuously low prices for natural gas will have a major effect on Southern Company's operations, particularly itsclean coal synthetic gas generation project in Kemper County, MS, CEO Tom Fanning said during an earnings conference call on Wednesday.Kemper County Power Plant Is a New Headache for Southern Company - Market RealistSouthern Co: Kemper coal economics take a hit from low gas prices - Utility Dive"
p5
aS'Southern Company Delays Its Kemper Power Plant Market Realist - Mar 20, 2017 It should also be noted that the plant is expected to only be competitive if natural gas prices are high. Southern Company is reported to have done a viability analysis with natural gas prices at $5 per million British thermal units. According to the U ...'
p6
aS"The Dark Side And Bright Side Of Southern Company Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Natural gas price assumption used by Southern Company to evaluate the viability of Kemper IGCC project is slightly optimistic.Moody's downgrades Mississippi Power, assigns Ba1 CFR, outlook negative - Moodys.com  "
p7
aS"A Closer Look at Southern Company's Kemper Power Plant Market Realist - Mar 6, 2017 After frequent delays and cost increases in construction, Southern Company's Kemper County plant's economics have stolen the focus this time."
p8
aS"Brain Drain: Engineers and Managers Flee Southern Company's Troubled Kemper ... DeSmog  - Mar 17, 2017 With builder Southern Company still promising that the Kemper power plant will go online soon, a group of key engineers and managers who work on the plant's so-far-inoperable gasifier has left the company.Tube Leaks Cause Latest Delay to Kemper Project - POWER magazine"
p9
aS'Travelers Companies Inc. Has $5509000 Position in Southern Co  Chaffey Breeze - 21 hours ago Travelers Companies Inc. continued to hold its stake in Southern Co  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p10
a.