(lp0
S"Great Bear Resources  Advancing Exploration in BC's Golden Triangle Investing News Network    - Nov 30, 2016 Great Bear Resources  is a Canadian exploration company focused on advancing precious and base metals projects in two of the world's premiere mining jurisdictions."
p1
aS"Culina buys Great Bear to create 400m business Logistics Manager - Mar 1, 2016 Culina Group recognises that it is investing in a highly successful company with its own great spirit. Culina's aim now is to support our growth trajectory with the added workforce infrastructure and resources of the overall Group. The Great Bear ...Culina Acquires Great Bear Creating a 400 Million Plus Company - PR Newswire "
p2
aS'Best practices from the Great Bear Rainforest Agreement National Observer - Jan 5, 2017 This article is produced in partnership with Teck Resources Ltd., Tides Canada and Vancity Credit Union to highlight the stories, people, and history behind the Great Bear Rainforest conservation agreements. National Observer has full editorial control ...'
p3
aS'5 Top TSX Stocks: Silver Miners On The Rise Investing News Network    - Aug 8, 2016 Shares of Levon Resources rose 14.29 percent last week to $0.52 per share. The company holds the advanced exploration stage silver-gold-zinc-lead porphyry Cordero project in Mexico.'
p4
aS"Trump faces the Congressional bear pit over Russia Financial Times - Dec 30, 2016 The announcement of new US sanctions against Russia paves the way for a potential showdown between Congress and Donald Trump's incoming administration over what kind of stance Washington should take against the country in the future.US sanctions Russian spy agencies, officials for hacking - CyberScoopPutin's Real Long Game - POLITICO Magazine"
p5
aS"Jane Fonda: don't fall for 'good-looking liberals' like Trudeau on environment The Guardian - Jan 12, 2017 But he also pushed ahead with a national carbon price and he rejected Enbridge's Northern Gateway project to north-west British Columbia, which would pass through the Great Bear rainforest as his Liberal party government tries to balance the oil ..."
p6
aS"UK's last teddy bear maker boosted by Brexit Financial Times - Feb 13, 2017 A limited edition bear, created in celebration of the Queen's 90th birthday last year, is on sale on its website for 259."
p7
aS"UK watchdog's crackdown on individuals begins to bear fruit Financial Times - Oct 3, 2016 Those investigations sapped resources at the regulator, explained Mr Burger. Now work in that area has been wound down, it has freed up enforcement staff to pursue other matters, he said."
p8
aS"Channel 4's upfronts were big on talent, short on brain food CampaignLive - Nov 16, 2016 There is also new drama Electric Dreams, based on sci-fi author Philip K Dick's stories, and an animated adaptation of We're Going On A Bear Hunt for children. And lots of trusted formats will return, including Gogglebox, Catastrophe, The Jump (the ..."
p9
aS"Under Armour drops sponsorship of hunter involved in 'cruel' killing of bear CampaignLive - Aug 19, 2016 Proposition or Product Director - Pensions 80000 - 84000 per annum Regan &amp; Dean Recruitment Limited, London &middot; Senior Account Director - Events Negotiable The Great &amp; The Good, London &middot; Brand Marketing Manager Up to c.65k + bonus, car or&nbsp;..."
p10
a.