(lp0
S"Momentum Builds on Everi Holdings Inc  The Oracle Dispatch - 15 hours ago Everi Holdings Inc  stock has been on fire for more than a year now- so is it time to bet on this gaming stock? If you want a way to play the Vegas casino gaming industry, and would rather invest in the companies selling to the casinos and ...Why Everi Holdings  Could Be Positioned for a Surge? - Yahoo FinanceToday's Brokerage Rating: Everi Holdings Inc. , EP Energy Corporation  - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS"Everi Holdings: Too Much Risk, Not Enough Execution Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 I liked the story at Everi Holdings  last year, buying shares above $3 in November. I'd liked it even earlier: the late 2014 tie-up of Global Cash Access, a payments provider to the casino floor, and fast-growing slot machine manufacturer ..."
p2
aS"Looking for a Top Momentum Stock? 3 Reasons Why Everi Holdings  is a ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 This method discovered several great candidates for momentum-oriented investors, but today let's focus in on Everi Holdings Inc. EVRI as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous ways in which this company ..."
p3
aS'Everi Holdings Inc.  sitting close to a major resistance line on the ... USA Commerce Daily - 16 hours ago With all other things going on, Everi Holdings Inc.  has been on a run - rising 96.68 percent in just three months.'
p4
aS"Everi and VizExplorer Partner to Deliver Suspicious Activity Analytics through ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 19, 2016 LAS VEGAS, Sept. 19, 2016  -- Everi Holdings Inc.  , the casino gaming industry's single source provider of gaming products and payments solutions, today announced it has entered into an&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Can The Uptrend Continue for Everi Holdings ? Nasdaq - Mar 24, 2017 Investors certainly have to be happy with Everi Holdings Inc EVRI and its short term performance. After all, the stock has jumped by 32.9% in the past 4 weeks, and it is also above its 20 Day Simple Moving Average as well.'
p6
aS"Technicals in Focus for Everi Holdings Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 23, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Everi Holdings Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS'Future Profitability Review of Everi Holdings Inc.  The Oracle Examiner - 17 hours ago While predicting the next move of Everi Holdings Inc. , volatility is an important factor to look at. Currently Everi Holdings Inc.  has weekly volatility of 5.87%% and monthly volatility of 5.78%%. In the words of investopedia.com ...'
p8
aS"Everi Holdings Inc. 's 2Q Highlights Core HDX Success Scibility Media - Aug 11, 2016 The management of Everi Holdings Inc.  took the opportunity at the company's earnings call to shed some light on how they see the future unfolding."
p9
aS'Everi Holdings Inc  Climbing The Ladder 7 Straight Sessions Business Review - Mar 27, 2017 Everi Holdings Inc  has ended in the black for consecutive sessions, indicating strong upward momentum. In taking a look at recent performance, we can see that shares have moved 8.69% over the past week, 44.24% over the past 4-weeks, 97.02%&nbsp;...'
p10
a.