(lp0
S'Company Update : General Electric Company and Noble Corporation to ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 27, 2017 General Electric Company  and Noble Corporation plc  jointly announced a partnership to collaborate on the Digital Rigsm solution, enabling data-driven operational efficiency by using data analytics, with the target of a 20 percent&nbsp;...General Electric Company , Noble Corporation Partner To Improve ... - Market ExclusiveStocks to bet on- General Electric Company , Comcast Corporation ... - Wall Street Times '
p1
aS'GE  General Electric Company: GE Closes Sale of Consumer Finance Business in ... The Wall Street Transcript - 21 hours ago Boston, Mass. - March 28, 2017 - GE  announced today that it has closed the sale of its French consumer finance business, GE Money Bank, and its operations in the French Overseas Territories  to an affiliate of Cerberus Capital&nbsp;...GE spins off last major capital business - ABC News'
p2
aS"JPMorgan says emerging GE bull case 'not plausible' Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago JPMorgan contends that bullish investors are now focusing on General Electric's  free cash flow, an &quot;emerging bull case&quot; it calls &quot;overstated and not plausible."
p3
aS"General Electric: 8-K Isn't As Much Drama As Some See Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 David directed his analysis at how the changes to what numbers would be reported in guidance and the executive compensation package for GE senior management would mean for GE's future. While I agree that the changes to the compensation package&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"General Electric Company Still Has a Capital Arm; Here's Why It Matters Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 It's well known that General Electric Company  is shifting back to its industrial roots with CEO Jeff Immelt planning to generate 90% of the company's earnings from its digital industrial businesses by 2018.Forget General Electric Company : Buy These 3 Conglomerates Instead - Investorplace.comGeneral Electric Co  Closes 0.48% Up on the Day for March 22 - Equities.com"
p5
aS"General Electric: No Worries, Peltz Will Hold Management Accountable Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Last week, there were rumors that Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund was trying to push General Electric's  CEO, Jeffrey Immelt, into retirement and the rumors instantly pushed the company's stock price up by ~2%.General Electric agrees to deeper cost cuts - Albany Times UnionGeneral Electric  Modifies Management's Performance Framework Based on ... - StreetInsider.com"
p6
aS'Stock Update : General Electric Company Completes Upgrade at Upper ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 22, 2017 General Electric Company  announced that it has completed the modernization of its latest combustion solutions for the 9FA gas turbine at the Kureimat power plant, located in Atfieh, Upper Egypt, and owned by the Upper Egypt Electricity&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Jeffrey Immelt Is A Downright Blessing For General Electric Seeking Alpha - Mar 26, 2017 A lot of investors have been very critical of General Electric's  CEO Jeffrey Immelt. Both in the mainstream media and here in the SA comment section."
p8
aS'General Electric Co  Closes 0.61% Up on the Day for March 28 Equities.com - 8 hours ago General Electric Co is a digital industrial company that transforms industry with software-defined machines &amp; solutions offering aircraft engines, locomotives, power generation &amp; oil &amp; gas equipment to medical imaging, financing &amp; industrial products.GE Needs a New Strategy and a New CEO - ForbesGeneral Electric CEO speaks to Kiwanis Club in Birmingham - WBRC FOX6 News - WBRC.com'
p9
aS"EOD Risers: General Electric Company, McDonald's Corporation, Microsoft ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 27, 2017 The share price for General Electric Company with EPIC code:  a global digital industrial company, moved up 0.34% or 0.1 points during Friday's session."
p10
a.