(lp0
S'General Motors reaches deal with Argentine port operator to import cars Reuters - 6 hours ago N) has reached a deal with port operator Terminal Puerto Rosario to import cars to Argentina, moving the U.S. automaker a step closer to exporting from its nearby plant, the company said in a statement on Tuesday. General Motors Mercosur, which ...'
p1
aS'General Motors Company  Heffx Technical Analysis Live Trading News - 2 hours ago A big white candle occurred. This is generally considered bullish, as prices closed significantly higher than they opened. If the candle appears when prices are low, it may be the first sign of a bottom.'
p2
aS"Einhorn calls for radical stock split at General Motors Financial Times - 12 hours ago The company's diverse shareholder base currently consists of a mix of value-focused and income-oriented investors united by their confidence in GM's prospects, but with different investment objectives. The disparity has led to a suboptimal shareholder ...Ford  and General Motors  Stocks Rally On Trump???s Approval - NasdaqDavid Einhorn Calls for General Motors Company  Stock Split - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"Bearish Thoughts On General Motors' Shares Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 While higher interest rates might be a positive for financials, at the margin, however, it comes at a time when credit card debt levels are approaching 2007 levels.Trump's EPA Policies Could Help Ford Motor Company  and General Motors ... - Investorplace.comGeneral Motors Company declined in the Previous Trading Session with the ... - Free Observer"
p4
aS'General Motors Company surged in the Previous Trading Session with the Change ... Free Observer - 17 hours ago The stock added in the prior trading session by 0.43%, closing at the stock price of $34.71. Currently, the market capitalization of General Motors Company  is 51.99 Billion. GM has a 1-year high price of $38.55 and 1-year low price of $27.34. The ...Featured Stock: General Motors Company  - HugoPressRevenue Approximations Analysis: Facebook, Inc. , General Motors Company  - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS'General Motors: Permanently Cheap Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 Many investors have stuck around with General Motors  since it looks like an extremely cheap stock. With a trailing P/E of just 5.8x and a forward P/E of 5.6x, the company may look like a gem to a lot of people. Unfortunately, the market is ...'
p6
aS'Why You Should Buy General Motors Despite The Ruckus In The Auto Sector Seeking Alpha - Mar 25, 2017 I think one of the biggest misconceptions about U.S. auto companies is that they are investments that investors buy for capital appreciation, when, in fact, the opposite is true: Ford Motor and General Motors are excellent income vehicles, and last ...'
p7
aS"Peugeot Reaches Deal to Buy European Brands From General Motors Bloomberg - Mar 4, 2017 PSA Group and General Motors Co. are set to announce on Monday the purchase of the Opel brand by the French company, creating the region's second-largest automaker and allowing GM to exit the European market, according to people familiar with the&nbsp;...General Motors Opel/Vauxhall Sale Doesn't Excite Shareholders - BenzingaPeugeot buys Vauxhall and Opel from General Motors for 1.9bn: But what ... - Telegraph.co.uk"
p8
aS"The Technical Case for and Against General Motors Company  The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on General Motors Company , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS"General Motors And Its 4.1% Yield Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 The company's enormous ability to produce FCF has helped it not only refinance its balance sheet, but also to pay a very large dividend to those patient enough to hold the stock.General Motors Is Undervalued - Yahoo FinanceLookout for Price Target? General Motors Company , Twitter, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.