(lp0
S"Gordmans Stores Files for Bankruptcy With Plan to Liquidate Bloomberg - Mar 13, 2017 The shift has been especially rough on department stores, including regional chains like Gordmans that once enjoyed strong customer loyalty, but even national concerns like Sears Holdings Corp.Gordmans declares bankruptcy, will liquidate stores - Lincoln Journal StarAs Gordmans looks to liquidate, retailer could join Conagra and Cabela's as a ... - Omaha World-Herald"
p1
aS"Gordmans Stores Is Said to Prepare for Bankruptcy Filing Bloomberg - Mar 6, 2017 Gordmans Stores Inc., a Midwestern department-store chain founded more than a century ago, is preparing to file for bankruptcy, according to people familiar with the matter.Sources say Gordmans preparing to file for bankruptcy - Belleville News-DemocratInvestor's Watch List: Gordmans Stores, Inc.  - Post Registrar"
p2
aS"Former CEO Jeff Gordman, Texas-based Stage Stores might bid for Gordmans stores The Daily Nonpareil - Mar 20, 2017 Meanwhile, Houston-based retailer Stage Stores Inc. says it is seriously considering an offer for Gordmans to operate at least some of the stores and one warehouse on an ongoing basis, which would rescue at least part of the bankrupt retailer from ...Ex-Gordmans CEO Jeff Gordman, another bidder poised to make offers for ... - Omaha World-HeraldJeff Gordman interested in bidding for bankrupt retailer with family's name - KETV Omaha"
p3
aS'Gordmans Stores to cut 600 jobs MarketWatch - Mar 16, 2017 Retailer Gordmans Stores Inc., which filed for bankruptcy on Monday, told state regulators it plans to lay off nearly 600 employees in Nebraska and Indiana.As Gordmans files bankruptcy, what will happen with the Louisville-area store? - Louisville Business First'
p4
aS"Houston retailer reportedly considers bidding on Gordmans assets in bankruptcy ... Houston Business Journal - Mar 22, 2017 Stage Stores Inc., a Houston retail giant that has had falling sales and store closures, is reportedly interested in buying Gordmans Stores Inc., a bankrupt Omaha, Nebraska-based retailer. Stage Stores  is &quot;seriously&quot; exploring an offer to ...Uncertainty lies ahead for Gordmans' 5000 employees, but hope isn't lost ... - Omaha World-Herald"
p5
aS'Gordmans declares bankruptcy, closing all stores - KMOV.com KMOV.com - Mar 13, 2017 OMAHA, NE --  -- 03/13/17 -- Apparel and home dcor retailer Gordmans Stores, Inc.  today announced that it has filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States&nbsp;...KEYC - Gordmans Stores, Inc. Files for Bankruptcy, Plans to Liquidate - KEYCGordmans closing Moline, Davenport stores - Quad-Cities Online'
p6
aS"Timeline: Gordmans through the years Omaha World-Herald - Mar 8, 2017 1990: Jeff Gordman, Sam's great-grandson, joins Gordmans Stores Inc. 1992: Richman Gordman 1/2 Price Stores files for bankruptcy."
p7
aS"Gordmans Stores, Inc.  Engages In A Move To Liquidate Its Stores ... WallStreetPR - Mar 24, 2017 Gordmans Stores, Inc.  on Monday filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and at the moment it is making an effort to liquidate its assets and inventories.Stocks in Concern on New Development: Lowe's Companies , Gordmans ... - Street Wise Report One Stock Analysts Are Watching  Gordmans Stores, Inc.  - UK Market News"
p8
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Gordmans Stores, Inc. , TrueCar, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 22, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Gordmans Stores, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -11.35 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;...Analysts Near-Term outlook: Gordmans Stores, Inc. , Diamond Offshore ... - The USA CommerceGordmans Stores, Inc.  Institutional Ownership stands at 76.3 - The Newburgh Press"
p9
aS"GORDMANS STORES, INC.  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 On March 13, 2017, Gordmans Stores, Inc.  received a letter from the staff  of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC  stating that NASDAQ has determined that the Company's common stock will be delisted from the NASDAQ&nbsp;..."
p10
a.