(lp0
S"Keurig Green Mountain Named One of America's Most Reputable Companies Business Wire  - 16 hours ago WATERBURY, Vt.----Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.  has been named among the 100 most reputable companies in the U.S."
p1
aS"Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. Gets the Last Laugh in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2016 Keurig Green Mountain didn't have any price-sustaining news break during the week to defy gravity. The company behind the Keurig single-cup brewer is simply marching to the beat of its own drummer after agreeing to be acquired by privately held JAB&nbsp;...Vermont 100+ 29th Anniversary, Keurig Green Mountain still Number 1 - Vermont Biz"
p2
aS'Keurig to Go Private in $13.9 Billion Buyout Led by JAB Bloomberg - Dec 7, 2015 Keurig Green Mountain Inc. will be acquired by a JAB Holding Co.-led investor group for about $13.9 billion in cash, bringing a windfall to shareholders after more than a year of watching the stock get battered.Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. Stock Skyrockets on $13.9 Billion Acquisition ... - Motley Fool'
p3
aS"Will Keurig Green Mountain Inc. Rise From the Ashes? Motley Fool - Sep 28, 2015 Once a stock market darling, Keurig Green Mountain  shares have fallen off a cliff following disappointing results in the first half of the year.Keurig Green Mountain launches Keurig KOLD - Vermont BizKeurig's Kelley Bets Big on Soda Maker - Wall Street Journal"
p4
aS'Forget Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.: Here are 2 Better Dividend Stocks Motley Fool - Jan 24, 2016 Some investors bought Keurig Green Mountain  for its dividend potential. And why not? The young dividend policy was increasing quickly, and the yield hovered above 2% for a while.'
p5
aS"Keurig Green Mountain's 2015 Year In Review Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2016 Looking back at 2015 and Keurig Green Mountain's  performance leaves much to be desired. The stock fell by over 30% on the year, even with the buyout offer from JAB Holding Company. Many investors were able to limit their losses due to&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.'s Worst Product in 2015 Motley Fool - Dec 10, 2015 The only silver lining here is that it likely inspired Keurig Green Mountain to accept an offer to be taken private by a global conglomerate.Green Mountain purchased - Suffolk News-HeraldGMCR To Go Private; JAB Holding Offers $13.9 Billion Buyout Deal - Forbes"
p7
aS'Keurig Green Mountain to pay $5.8 million for failure to report defective ... Vermont Biz - Feb 21, 2017 Vermont Business Magazine The US Consumer Product Safety Commission  announced today that Keurig Green Mountain, Inc, based in Waterbury, has agreed to pay a $5.8 million civil penalty  to the government. The penalty settles&nbsp;...Neglect of Keurig defect comes with hefty price tag, $5.8 million in penalties - KFDAKeurig Pays $5.8M To End CPSC Probe Over Burning Brewers - Law360 '
p8
aS"Stocks Stay Flat as Keurig Green Mountain Inc. and JM Smucker Co Jump Motley Fool - Nov 19, 2015 Cost cuts helped Keurig outperform those earnings expectations. &quot;I'm particularly pleased with the benefits realized from our cost reduction efforts as well as our strong cash generation, both of which exceeded expectations in the fourth quarter,&quot; CEO ...Keurig KOLD Already Looking Like A Flop For Keurig Green Mountain - Seeking AlphaStock Update : Keurig Green Mountain Inc Canada Announces the ... - Smarter Analyst"
p9
aS"Will 2016 Be Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.'s Best Year Yet? Motley Fool - Dec 28, 2015 After a fairly miserable year that saw sales fall partly because of consumer push-back against its signature K-Cup coffee pods, Keurig Green Mountain  closed the year with some stunning news. The coffee brand, which had seen its stock&nbsp;...Will Keurig Green Mountain  Stock Be Helped by Board's Go Private ... - TheStreet.comWill Keurig's  Decision to Go Private Aid the Stock? - Zacks.com"
p10
a.