(lp0
S'Combination of Accelya and Mercator Completes, Creating a Leading Global ... RealWire  - Mar 20, 2017 The combined group has a broadened product portfolio with complementary offerings including revenue accounting, revenue management, revenue assurance, cargo and shipping management, payment solutions, data analytics, cost management and commercial ...'
p1
aS'Warburg Pincus on verge of buying airline services group Accelya Financial Times - Feb 3, 2017 At the time of the acquisition, Joseph Schull, managing director at Warburg Pincus, said: We view it as an excellent platform to build a market-leading transport, travel and logistics business of scale. We look forward to building on the expertise of ...'
p2
aS'Metasearch Tech Is Turning Skyscanner Into a Branded Airline Storefront Skift - Mar 28, 2017 An airline lobbying group has championed the adoption of new technical solutions for distributing airfares. That effort by the International Air Transport Association  has posed a challenge to the distribution systems like Amadeus and Sabre ...'
p3
aS'Warburg Pincus buys airline services group Accelya; Accelya, Mercator combine ... STAT Times  - Feb 6, 2017 Feb 06, 2017: Accelya, a leading provider of financial and commercial solutions to the airline industry, and Mercator, a global provider of product-enabled solutions to the travel and transportation industry, have announced their intention to combine ...Airline Services Leaders Accelya and Mercator Announce Merger - SkiftAccelya and Mercator to come together - Air Cargo News'
p4
aS'Mercator eyes growth from govt plans to invest in marine infra Moneycontrol.com - Jul 29, 2016 Mercator earlier known as Mercator Lines) is a Mumbai-based International organisation. As a group, Mercator has diversified business interests in coal, oil &amp; gas, commodity transportation and dredging. The YoY total income was down 18.7 percent at Rs&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Cities eating into world's farm lands SciDev.Net - Jan 16, 2017 ... for agriculture will possibly replace forests or other valuable ecosystems at relevant scales, says Felix Creutzig, head of the Land Use, Infrastructure and Transport Group at the Mercator Research Institute on Global Commons and Climate Change in ..."
p6
aS'Chinese investment in EU dwarfs flow the other way Financial Times - Jan 10, 2017 A report by Rhodium Group, a research firm, and the Mercator Institute for China Studies, a think-tank in Berlin, estimates that Chinese direct investment in the EU surged 76 per cent to 35.1bn in 2016.'
p7
aS"Before Cyrus Mistry took charge, companies run by his cousin Mehli gained 300 ... Economic Times - Dec 19, 2016 In 2005, Tata Power awarded a one-year shipping contract to Mercator Lines Ltd. Mercator's Singapore IPO filings states the Tata Power contract was in association with a Mehli Mistry company."
p8
aS'Johnston to head Accelya Mercator Aircargo - Asia Pacific - Mar 25, 2017 John Johnston, current chief executive of Accelya will become chief executive of the combined group and Jose Maria Hurtado will be chief financial officer.'
p9
aS"Slovenia's Mercator sells Intersport Group to Polish-based private equity fund ... SeeNews - Sep 14, 2016 LJUBLJANA , September 14  - Slovenian retailer Mercator said on Wednesday it has sold its Intersport Group and the Intersport licence for the Western Balkan region to a Polish-based private equity fund for 34.5 million euro ($38.7&nbsp;..."
p10
a.