(lp0
S"What You Must Know About Gaming Partners International Corporation's (GPIC ... Simply Wall St - Mar 22, 2017 Small-cap companies such as Gaming Partners International Corporation  with its market cap of USD $79 Million, benefit the most from improving economic conditions due to the growth potential, but on the other hand they also are highly&nbsp;...Analysts See $0.00 EPS for Gaming Partners International Corp. , Luminex ... - HuronReport"
p1
aS"Gaming Partners International Corporation Completes Purchase of Dolphin ... PR Newswire  - May 17, 2016 NORTH LAS VEGAS, Nev., May 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation , a leading worldwide provider of casino currency and table gaming equipment, announced today that it has completed the purchase of the&nbsp;...GPI completes deal for Ent Gaming Asia's Dolphin assets - GGRAsia"
p2
aS'Gaming Partners International Corporation Announces the Acquisition of ... PR Newswire  - Jul 1, 2014 LAS VEGAS, July 1, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation , a leading provider of casino currency and table game products worldwide, announced today that it has completed its acquisition of substantially all of the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Gaming Partners International Corporation and Walker Digital Table Systems ... PR Newswire  - May 23, 2016 NORTH LAS VEGAS, Nev., May 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation  and Walker Digital Table Systems , LLC, have announced that they are expanding their working relationship to develop and&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Gaming Partners International plans $5.9M acquisition Las Vegas Review-Journal - Apr 22, 2016 In addition to chips and plaques, GPIC manufactures and supplies a wide range of gaming paraphernalia - playing cards, table layouts, dice, roulette wheels, and gaming furniture and table accessories. GPIC pioneered the use of security features such ...Unusual 11 Mid-Day Movers 4/22:    Higher;   (TRXC ... - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS'Gaming Partners International Corporation  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 The Company manufactures and supplies casino currency, with various security and design options, playing cards, table layouts, gaming furniture, table accessories, dice and roulette wheels. It also provides various radio frequency identification &nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Gaming Partners International Corporation Acquires The Blue Chip Company's ... PR Newswire  - Jun 7, 2013 LAS VEGAS, June 7, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation , a leading worldwide provider of casino currency and table gaming equipment, announced today that it purchased certain assets of The Blue Chip&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Gaming Partners International Corporation Announces Appointment of Michael D ... PR Newswire  - Sep 11, 2013 LAS VEGAS, Sept. 11, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation  , a leading provider of casino currency and table game equipment worldwide, announced that Michael D. Mann has been&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Research Brokerage Views on Gaming Partners International Corporation (NASDAQ ... Sherwood Daily - 16 hours ago Equity Research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Gaming Partners International Corporation .'
p9
aS'Gaming Partners International Corporation To Showcase New Products and Gemaco ... PR Newswire  - Sep 29, 2014 LAS VEGAS, Sept. 29, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation , a leading provider of casino currency and table game products worldwide, announced today that it will showcase a number of new products at the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.