(lp0
S'GT Advanced Technologies Confirms The Zero Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2016 Back in October 8, when GT Advanced Technologies  filed for bankruptcy, a lot of speculation swirled around the stock.'
p1
aS"Understanding GT Advanced Technology, Inc.'s Bankruptcy Motley Fool - Oct 6, 2014 On October 31, 2013, GTAT Corporation , a wholly owned subsidiary of GT Advanced Technologies Inc, and Apple  entered into a Master Development and Supply Agreement and related Statement of Work , pursuant to which&nbsp;...Apple Sapphire Supplier GT Advanced Files for Bankruptcy - BloombergApple Sapphire Partner GT Advanced Files for Bankruptcy Protection - Wall Street Journal"
p2
aS'Bankruptcy Court Approves GT Advanced Settlement With Apple Wall Street Journal - Dec 15, 2014 GT Advanced Technologies Inc. on Monday won bankruptcy court approval of a settlement with Apple Inc. that wards off the threat of litigation over a failed effort to produce large quantities of scratch- and shatter-resistant smartphone screen materials.GT Advanced Gets Court Approval of Revised Apple Accord - Bloomberg'
p3
aS'GT Advanced Technologies emerges from bankruptcy New Hampshire Business Review - Mar 24, 2016 Merrimack-based GT Advanced Technologies Inc. has emerged from bankruptcy, led by its current CEO, and leaving its former creditors with little and its former shareholders with nothing.'
p4
aS"GT Advanced Technologies Provides Update on Recent Fire at Former Sapphire ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 1, 2015 MERRIMACK, N.H., June 1, 2015  -- GT Advanced Technologies Inc., , today provided an update on the recent fire that occurred at the company's former sapphire manufacturing facility located in Mesa, Arizona, which GT&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'GT Advanced Technologies Appoints David Keck as CEO; Current CEO Tom Gutierrez ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 10, 2015 MERRIMACK, N.H., Aug. 10, 2015  -- GT Advanced Technologies Inc. , today announced that Tom Gutierrez is retiring from the company and has resigned as Chief Executive Officer and as a director.Gutierrez resigns as CEO of embattled GT Advanced Technologies - New Hampshire Business ReviewGT Advanced CEO Gutierrez resigns - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS'Local contractors targeted by GT Advanced Technologies lawsuits New Hampshire Business Review - Sep 14, 2016 GT Advanced Technologies Inc. is suing local construction contractors for hundreds of thousands of dollars and might sue its former officers as well in an attempt to collect a bit more money to distribute to other creditors.'
p7
aS"Apple's Former Sapphire Partner GT Advanced Technologies Emerges From Bankruptcy Mac Rumors - Mar 18, 2016 After filing for bankruptcy in 2014, and subsequently dissolving its supplier partnership with Apple, GT Advanced Technologies today announced its return from Chapter 11 &quot;as a newly reorganized company.&quot; A group of unnamed financial sponsors have&nbsp;...GT Advanced Technologies  No Longer in Bankruptcy - StreetInsider.comGTAT Completes Financial Restructuring  Emerges from Chapter 11 - GlobeNewswire "
p8
aS'EXCLUSIVE: Former Apple vendor GT Advanced Technology suing Arizona Commerce ... Phoenix Business Journal - Oct 6, 2016 GT Advanced Technologies took over a vacant 1 million-square-foot, never-used First Solar manufacturing facility in east Mesa in a highly touted win for the Valley.'
p9
aS"What A Move on GT Advanced Technologies Inc  MicroCap Daily - Sep 23, 2015 GT Advanced Technologies Inc  is one exciting penny stock that has transformed in recent weeks from illiquid at $0.06 to the top traded stock on the entire bb's making rapid gains."
p10
a.