(lp0
S'Gray Television Reaches Long-Term Agreement With Dish PR Newswire  - Jan 18, 2017 ATLANTA, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Gray Television, Inc.  (NYSE: GTN and GTN.UPDATE | Gray Television Reaches Long-Term Agreement With Dish - WRDW-TV'
p1
aS"Gray Television Probably Has More Upside - But Risks Abound Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Valuing Gray Television  using traditional methods isn't an easy task. There are a lot of moving parts in GTN's numbers at the moment.Analysts Upgrade/Downgrade Activity of Gray Television, Inc.  - FactsReporter"
p2
aS'Equity Focus: Zeroing in on Shares of Gray Television Inc  Baxter Review - 14 hours ago At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Gray Television Inc  is standing at 33.61. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p3
aS'Does Gray Television Offer a Good Value Buying Opportunity? Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Though Gray Television might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p4
aS'Gray Television  Catches Eye: Stock Adds 6.3% in Session Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Gray Television, Inc. GTN was a big mover last session, as its shares rose over 6% on the day. The move came after the company reported an earnings beat in fourth-quarter 2016.Gray Television, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market ExclusiveGray Television, Inc.  EPS Predicted At $0.71 - Transcript Daily'
p5
aS'Gray TV Affiliate Buys 3 Alaska Stations TVSpy - Nov 9, 2016 Northern Lights Media, which is owned by Gray TV, has bought three Fairbanks, Alaska TV stations. NBC affiliate KTVF, CBS affiliate ... Northern Lights GM Andy McLeod said his company aims to improve content at the stations. This deal makes sense on a&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Zacks.com featured highlights: Gray Television, International Consolidated ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Chicago, IL - February 27, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article include Gray Television, Inc. , International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A."
p7
aS"Gray Television adds two stations for $85 million Atlanta Business Chronicle - Feb 16, 2017 Gray Television Inc.  will buy two television stations from Diversified Communications for $85 million. Atlanta-based Gray gets WABI  in the Bangor, Maine, market and WCJB  in the Gainesville, Fla.Maine's oldest TV station, WABI, sold to an Atlanta broadcaster - Bangor Daily NewsMaine's oldest TV station to be sold to Georgia media giant - Press Herald"
p8
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Gray Television, Inc. , Molina Healthcare, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 22, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Gray Television, Inc. , Molina ... - The USA Commerce"
p9
aS'Services Stocks Under Scanner -- Sirius XM, Pandora Media, News, and Gray ... PR Newswire  - Mar 22, 2017 Under review from this sector this morning are the following stocks: are Sirius XM Holdings Inc. , Pandora Media Inc. , News Corp.'
p10
a.