(lp0
S"Why to Keeping Eye on Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc. , PrivateBancorp, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.16 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;...Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc Implied Price Swing ... - CML NewsCredit Suisse Group AG Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc  - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Match Group, Inc. , Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of ... The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago While trading at volume above than average, Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.  previous 52-week high was $80.73 and moved up 7.84% over the same period, trading at a volume of 716.69 thousand.'
p2
aS"Will Genesee &amp; Wyoming's Buying Spree Continue? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 At an initial glance, these deals have yielded positive results as Genesee &amp; Wyoming's operating revenues have increased by over 200 percent, or a 21 percent annual growth rate average.Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc. Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 14 - Equities.comAnalysts Set Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc  Target Price at $74.00 - Sports Perspectives"
p3
aS"Acquisitions Put Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.'s Earnings Growth Back on Track Motley Fool - Feb 8, 2017 Genesee &amp; Wyoming's  growth-by-acquisition strategy paid off during the fourth quarter as recent additions boosted results.Genesee &amp; Wyoming  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaTraffic up, profits down for Darien railroad operator - Thehour.com"
p4
aS'Company Stock in Focus: Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.  Rives Journal - 11 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.094333.'
p5
aS'PT Review for Genesee &amp; Wyoming, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago These recommendations land on a simplified scale provided by Zacks Research. Using data provided from various analysts, shares of Genesee &amp; Wyoming, Inc.  are presently listed with an ABR of 2.43. This number is using a recommendation&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Moody's affirms ratings of Genesee &amp; Wyoming on planned acquisition of ... Moodys.com   - Oct 21, 2016 New York, October 21, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  affirmed the ratings of Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc. , including the Ba2 Corporate Family Rating  and the Ba2 ratings of the company's credit facility, following ..."
p7
aS"Citi Research Hearing Genesee &amp; Wyoming Looking For Partner In Bid For GRail Benzinga - Jun 29, 2016 Citi Research provided its outlook on the potential GRail transaction. Referring to recent press release, according to which Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc is looking for a partner in its bid for GRail (Glencore's Australian coal haulage operations ..."
p8
aS"Why Brexit Fears Slammed Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc's Stock on Friday Motley Fool - Jun 27, 2016 What: Shares of Genesee &amp; Wyoming  sank 10.7% on Friday amid fears that Britain's decision to exit the EU will impact its operations in the region."
p9
aS"Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.'s Earnings Decline on Slumping Shipments Motley Fool - Aug 1, 2016 That slowdown had a noticeable impact on Genesee &amp; Wyoming's  second-quarter results, which were released before the market opened on Monday.7 Must Watch Stocks for August 1, 2016 - Benzinga"
p10
a.