(lp0
S"Hyatt Hotels Corporation Posts Slowdown in Revenue per Available Room Growth Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Hyatt Hotels  this week posted fourth-quarter earnings numbers that kept the company squarely within management's full-year growth target.Hyatt Hotels  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaHyatt Hotels Revenue Falls - Wall Street Journal "
p1
aS'Hyatt Hotels to open first Park Hyatt in Indonesia Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Hyatt Hotels  announces plans to open the first Park Hyatt hotel in Indonesia in partnership wtih PT MNC Land Tbk.MNC Land and Hyatt to Bring First Park Hyatt Hotel to Indonesia - Business Wire '
p2
aS"Hyatt Acquires Miraval to Bring Wellness to Business Travel Fortune - Jan 18, 2017 In a sign that the wellness trend that's taken the world by  storm shows no signs of slowing, Chicago-based Hyatt Hotels Corporation has acquired the Miraval Group, a leader in the category of wellness hospitality, in a deal announced&nbsp;...Hyatt Hotels Acquires Miraval Group Resort Operator for $215 Million - Wall Street JournalHyatt Accelerates Growth Strategy into Adjacent Spaces with Acquisition of ... - Business Wire "
p3
aS"Institutional Ownership Update on Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Hyatt Hotels Corporation 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late. Institutions are currently holders of 88.50% of the shares.New Analyst Ratings On Hyatt Hotels Corporation  - NewsDen"
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Hyatt Hotels Corporation  is Beating Hilton Worldwide ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Hyatt Hotels Corporation  versus Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc  .'
p5
aS'Hyatt a player in Playa deal Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Hyatt Hotels  announces a full redemption of its $290M investment in Playa Hotels &amp; Resorts B.V.. Playa is combining with Pace Holdings Corp. . Hyatt will hold an equity stake of 11.57% in Playa Hotels &amp; Resorts N.V., the emerging&nbsp;...Hyatt Announces Redemption of $290 Million Playa Preferred Stock Investment ... - Business Wire Hyatt Announces Redemption Of $290 Million Playa Preferred Stock Investment - Franchising.com '
p6
aS'Stock Levels in View for Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Hyatt Hotels Corporation  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.123371. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p7
aS'Hyatt Hotels Corporation Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 16, 2017 Hyatt Hotels Corporation Class A  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 0.54% to close at $53.26.Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Hyatt Hotels Corporation  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 4, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Hyatt Hotels Corporation is a global hospitality company. The Company develops, owns, operates, manages, franchises, licenses or provides services to a portfolio of properties, consisting of full service hotels ...Barings LLC Sells 10100 Shares of Hyatt Hotels Corporation  - BNB Daily The Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.27 ... - DailyQuint'
p9
aS'Sell-side Target Update on Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Stock Aiken Advocate - 15 hours ago Equity analysts have a short-term target price of $53.416 on shares of Hyatt Hotels Corporation . This consensus data is compiled by Zacks Research.'
p10
a.