(lp0
S"Pacific Premier Bancorp  Stockholders Approve Acquisition of Heritage ... StreetInsider.com - 20 hours ago Steven R. Gardner, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Premier Bancorp, commented, We are pleased to have received the approval of our stockholders for the issuance of shares of our common stock to Heritage Oaks' stockholders in&nbsp;...Pacific Premier shareholders approve acquisition of Heritage Oaks - Pacific Coast Business TimesWhat You Must Know About Heritage Oaks Bancorp's  ROE? - Simply Wall St"
p1
aS'Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or ... Market Exclusive - 19 hours ago Heritage Oaks Bancorp  today announced that it intends to delist its common stock from The NASDAQ Capital Market in connection with the pending merger of the Company with and into Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. , with PPBI&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Heritage Oaks Bancorp beats revenue, income estimates Pacific Coast Business Times - Jan 30, 2017 Heritage Oaks Bancorp, the holding company of Paso Robles-based Heritage Oaks Bank, beat analyst estimates in both year-over-year revenue and net income.Heritage Oaks Bancorp's  CEO Simone Lagomarsino on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. to Acquire Heritage Oaks Bancorp GlobeNewswire  - Dec 13, 2016 IRVINE, Calif., Dec. 13, 2016  -- Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc.  , the holding company of Pacific Premier Bank  and Heritage Oaks Bancorp&nbsp;...Heritage Oaks, the largest bank on the Central Coast, is being sold - The San Luis Obispo TribuneHeritage Oaks Bancorp proposed sale under scrutiny - Cal Coast News'
p4
aS'Price Objective Update on Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Aiken Advocate - 17 hours ago Sell-side equity research analysts have handed shares of Heritage Oaks Bancorp  a short term price target of $11.'
p5
aS'Pacific Premier Bancorp  Receives Regulatory Approval for Heritage Oaks ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 21, 2017 Steve R. Gardner, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Premier Bancorp, commented, We are pleased to have received all of the required regulatory approvals for our acquisition of Heritage Oaks. We believe that the combination of&nbsp;...Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Plunges 8.52% on March 21 - Equities.comHeritage Oaks Bancorp  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS'Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 10, 2017 Heritage Oaks Bancorp  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.06 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 28, 2017.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Heritage Oaks Bancorp  is Beating Flushing ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Flushing Financial Corporation  versus Heritage Oaks Bancorp  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Heritage Oaks Bancorp Schedules Third Quarter Conference Call GlobeNewswire  - Sep 22, 2016 PASO ROBLES, Calif., Sept. 22, 2016  -- Heritage Oaks Bancorp , the holding company of Heritage Oaks Bank, will host a conference call on Friday, October 28, 2016 at 8:00 a.m.'
p9
aS'Traders Take Note: Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Stock Drops, Weakness ... CML News - 19 hours ago Take Note: Heritage Oaks Bancorp  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.