(lp0
S'Great Western Bancorp, Inc. Closes Merger with HF Financial Corp. Business Wire  - May 16, 2016 SIOUX FALLS, S.D.----Great Western Bancorp, Inc.   announced today that it has completed its previously announced acquisition of HF Financial Corp. . The acquisition of Home Federal&nbsp;...Great Western Bancorp  Announces Results of HF Financial (HFFC ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'Great Western Bancorp, Inc. and HF Financial Corp. Announce Definitive Merger ... Business Wire  - Nov 30, 2015   today jointly announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Great Western Bancorp, Inc. will acquire HF Financial Corp., the holding company and parent of Home Federal Bank &nbsp;...Great Western Bank to acquire Home Federal Bank - Sioux Falls Argus LeaderGreat Western Bancorp buying parent of Home Federal Bank for $140 million - The Denver Post'
p2
aS'Great Western Bancorp, Inc. and HF Financial Corp. Announce Expected Closing ... Business Wire  - Apr 19, 2016 SIOUX FALLS, S.D.----Great Western Bancorp, Inc.  and HF Financial Corp.  today announced that the merger of HF Financial into Great Western is expected to close on or about May 13, 2016, subject to&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Changes coming after Infinia and HF Financial sell to Great Western Bancorp Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal  - Dec 1, 2015 Home Federal Bank and Infinia will get more firepower, a new owner and a new name about five years after opening in the Twin Cities market.'
p4
aS'Merger And Acquisition And Pair Trading Opportunity: Great Western Bancorp To ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2015 On November 30, 2015, Great Western Bancorp, Inc.   and HF Financial Corp.   agreed to merge in a cash and stock transaction.'
p5
aS'Home Federal Bank and First Dakota National Bank Enter into a Branch Purchase ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 15, 2015 SIOUX FALLS, S.D., April 15, 2015  -- HF Financial Corp.  today announced that its operating subsidiary, Home Federal Bank, has entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement with First Dakota National Bank,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Home Federal Bank Completes its Conversion from a Federally-Chartered Savings ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 26, 2015 SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Feb. 26, 2015  -- HF Financial Corp.  today announced that its operating subsidiary, Home Federal Bank, had successfully completed its previously announced conversion from a federal savings&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'HF Financial Names Michael M. Vekich Chairman and Stephen M. Bianchi Interim ... Business Wire  - Oct 14, 2011 SIOUX FALLS, S.D.----HF Financial Corp.  today announced that the Board of Directors has named Michael M. Vekich as Chairman of the Board and Stephen M. Bianchi as interim President and Chief Executive Officer.'
p8
aS'Average Rating Of HF Financial Corp.  At 0 Markets Daily - Feb 20, 2017 The process commences with the listing of pertinent news pertaining to the firm, and then know equity sentiment. This score is calculated after a fixed time period.'
p9
aS'Great Western Bank gains larger footprint Sioux Falls Argus Leader - May 18, 2016 Great Western Bancorp Inc. has finalized its acquisition of HF Financial Corp., the parent company of Home Federal Bank. HF Financial shareholders approved the $140 million deal last week.'
p10
a.