(lp0
S'Everything Came Together for Howard Hughes Corp. This Quarter Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 In the fourth quarter, The Howard Hughes Corporation showed significant progress across our three business segments as we saw significant growth with increased Operating Asset NOI, increased MPC residential land sales and meaningful progress in our&nbsp;...Howard Hughes Corp. Bottom Line Rises 38% In Q4 - NasdaqHoward Hughes Corp.  Tops Q4 EPS by $1.03 - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'Howard Hughes Corp. submits redevelopment plan for former American Cyanamid site NJBIZ - Feb 28, 2017 The Howard Hughes Corp. earlier this month submitted its ambitious master plan to redevelop the 653-acre former American Cyanamid site in West Windsor Township.West Windsor-Plainsboro superintendent says district schools are nearing capacity - Mercer Space'
p2
aS'Howard Hughes to demolish Marukai Market Place, Ward Plaza buildings in Kakaako Pacific Business News  - Mar 23, 2017 The Howard Hughes Corp.  is moving ahead with its plans to develop a central plaza that will replace the Marukai Market Place and Real a Gastropub along with the industrial warehouses behind these businesses in the Honolulu neighborhood&nbsp;...Howard Hughes to demolish Marukai building - Honolulu Star-Advertiser'
p3
aS'Howard Hughes Corp. sets date to shut down, demolish Ward Warehouse Pacific Business News  - Feb 10, 2017 Ward Warehouse, the 42-year-old landmark Honolulu retail and restaurant complex, will shut down in August and being demolished, an executive with The Howard Hughes Corp., the owner of the complex, confirmed to Pacific Business News Thursday.Stores get final notice: Ward Warehouse to be demolished in August - Hawaii News NowWard Warehouse to close in August for demolition, redevelopment - KHON2'
p4
aS'Howard Hughes Corp. Unveils Plans for 51-Story Office Tower in Chicago REBusinessOnline - Mar 22, 2017 CHICAGO - The Howard Hughes Corp. has received unanimous approval from the Chicago Plan Commission for the development of 110 N. Wacker Drive, a 51-story office tower downtown.'
p5
aS"Condo Sales Continue to Drive Howard Hughes Corp's Results Motley Fool - Nov 9, 2016 The key driver of Howard Hughes' third-quarter results is the continued progress on its Hawaii condo development. The company has now sold 92% of the available units at its Waiea tower and 93.7% at the Anaha tower."
p6
aS"Howard Hughes Corp. acquires office buildings in downtown Columbia Baltimore Sun - Jan 11, 2017 Howard Hughes Corp., downtown Columbia's master developer, announced the $38.8 million acquisition of two office buildings in the up-and-coming downtown Wednesday morning.Howard Hughes Corp. pays $39M for two more Columbia office buildings - Baltimore Business JournalHoward Hughes Corp.  Buys Two Office Buildings in Downtown Columbia - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS'BRIEF-Howard Hughes Corp announces pricing of $800000000 senior notes due 2025 Reuters - Mar 3, 2017 ... * Howard hughes- notes will pay interest semi-annually at rate of 5.375% per annum payable on sept. 15Th, march 15 th of each year beginning on sept.'
p8
aS'Howard Hughes Corp. plans new office complex in southwest Las Vegas Las Vegas Review-Journal - Feb 16, 2017 Summerlin developer Howard Hughes Corp. has laid out plans for a new office complex in an area where a slot-machine maker is said to be looking to move.'
p9
aS'Howard Hughes Corp. Nabs 2 Maryland Towers Commercial Property Executive - Jan 13, 2017 Columbia, Md.The Howard Hughes Corp. continues to amass a portfolio chock-full of development opportunities in the suburban Baltimore town of Columbia, Md.'
p10
a.