(lp0
S'Harte Hanks Partners with Usermind to Offer Customer Experience Orchestration ... Marketwired  - Mar 21, 2017 SAN ANTONIO, TX-- - Harte Hanks , a leader in customer relationships, experiences and interaction-led marketing, today announced that its Harte Hanks Consulting group will offer consulting and data management ...Which analysts are covering Harte Hanks, Inc. ? - Post AnalystWipro Limited announced its partnership with Harte Hanks, Inc.  - Benchmark Monitor'
p1
aS"Left For Dead At Under $1, Harte Hanks Still Doesn't Look Attractive Seeking Alpha - Jun 3, 2016 Harte Hanks is still swooning, and it's not clear whether management has a) the competence or b) the sense of urgency to fix this organization."
p2
aS'Harte Hanks Seeks Strategic Alternatives for Trillium Software Yahoo Finance UK - Jun 7, 2016 SAN ANTONIO, TX-- - Harte Hanks , a leader in customer relationships, experiences and interaction-led marketing, today announced the Board of Directors has approved the exploration of strategic alternatives for ...Harte Hanks Inc.  pursuing strategic fit for Trillium - Scibility MediaHarte-Hanks  to Explore Strategic Alternatives for Trillium Software - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS'Harte Hanks Announces Delay in Financial Report Filing Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 SAN ANTONIO, TX-- - Harte Hanks , a leader in customer relationships, experiences and interaction-led marketing, today announced that its release of earnings for the fourth quarter of, and full year 2016 has ...'
p4
aS"Is Harte Hanks Inc's  Balance Sheet A Threat To Its Future? Simply Wall St - Mar 16, 2017 Harte Hanks Inc  is a small-cap-stock with a market capitalization of USD $91 Million. While investors primarily focus on the growth potential and competitive landscape of the small-cap companies, they end up ignoring a key aspect, which ..."
p5
aS'Harte Hanks: Still Out Of Favor And Clearly Undervalued Seeking Alpha - Nov 11, 2016 Harte Hanks, Inc.  currently trades for ~$85m. In the next 6-12 months it will dispose of its crown jewel division for what I estimate to be very conservatively $100m  and use the cash from the sale to repay ...'
p6
aS"Harte Hanks Inc.: Harte Hanks Partners with Usermind to Offer Customer ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 21, 2017 'Usermind's customer journey orchestration platform helps companies define and automate customer interactions to improve revenue, retention, and profitability,' commented Shirish Lal, Harte Hanks COO and CTO. 'To get the most out of the platform, we ..."
p7
aS"Harte Hanks Partners with Usermind to Enhance Portfolio Zacks.com - Mar 22, 2017 Marketing services provider Harte Hanks, Inc.  , recently announced its collaboration with Usermind's Customer Engagement Hub, to provide customers consulting and data management solutions."
p8
aS"Harte Hanks'  CEO Karen Puckett on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Specifically, we had a strong September sell, saw stabilization in our database business, and are having success cross-selling with 3Q Digital and our Harte Hanks Consulting services. We're also seeing an increase in complex bids, which we can leverage&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Harte Hanks Announces Sale of Trillium Business Marketwired  - Nov 30, 2016 SAN ANTONIO, TX-- - Harte Hanks , a leader in customer relationships, experiences and interaction-led marketing, today announced a definitive agreement whereby Syncsort, a global leader in Big Iron to Big Data ...Clearlake Capital-Backed Syncsort Acquires Trillium Software - PR Newswire '
p10
a.