(lp0
S'Auris Surgical Robotics closes $80m Hansen Medical buy Mass Device - Jul 28, 2016 Current Auris CEO Fred Moll founded Hansen Medical in 2002 with an eye toward the intravascular space. Moll, a serial entrepreneur, also co-founded Mako Surgical, acquired in 2013 by Stryker Corp. and Restoration Robotics and its Artas hair restoration&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Auris Surgical to buy Hansen Medical Thomson Reuters' peHUB  - Apr 26, 2016 Auris Surgical Robotics Inc agreed to buy Hansen Medical Inc for about $80 million. Mountain View, California-based Hansen Medical develops intravascular robotics technology."
p2
aS"Hansen Medical: Revolutionizing Physicians' Capabilities With Robotics Seeking Alpha - Apr 28, 2016 Hansen Medical Inc., based in Mountain View, CA, develops robotically steerable catheters for electrophysiological  and peripheral vascular procedures."
p3
aS'Is Hansen Medical a Takeover Target? Benzinga - Sep 12, 2011 According to the source, management changes in Intuitive Surgical prompted Dr. Moll to leave the firm and create Hansen Medical. Intuitive Surgical proceeded to give his new company licensing to various, non-critical intellectual property. Hansen ...'
p4
aS'Hansen Medical slides on re-stated financials Mass Device - Apr 1, 2016 Hansen Medical  shares slid today after the robot-assisted surgery company re-stated its financials for last year due to a $15.3 million accounting error.'
p5
aS"Auris Surgical Robotics to Acquire Hansen Medical  in $80M Deal StreetInsider.com - Apr 20, 2016 Auris Surgical Robotics, Inc. and Hansen Medical, Inc.  today announced that they have signed a definitive merger agreement under which Auris will acquire Hansen Medical for $4.00 per share in cash, or a total equity value of&nbsp;...Robotic surgery mix-up: Moll's Auris buys Hansen Medical - Mass DeviceHansen Medical  Spikes on Takeover Announcement - Economic Calendar"
p6
aS"FDA Nod Stokes Unusual Option Activity On Hansen Medical, Inc.  Schaeffers Research  - Feb 2, 2016 Medical device manufacturer Hansen Medical, Inc.  hasn't had much success on the charts, to say the least."
p7
aS'Long Play of the Day: Hansen Medical Seeking Alpha  - Feb 10, 2010 Analysis: I am a big fan of what is going on in earnings for medical supplies. A lot of these companies are turning extremely nice profits, and I think HNSN is poised to make a run up until their earnings come out Thursday night.'
p8
aS"2 Hansen Medical execs accused of fraud, forgery San Francisco Chronicle - Oct 8, 2011 In a civil suit filed Thursday in San Francisco federal court, the SEC said Christopher Sells, former vice president of Hansen Medical Inc., and Timothy Murawski, the company's former vice president of sales, had committed securities fraud in a series ..."
p9
aS'Hansen Medical says goodbye to its Google landlord, signs 10-year lease in San ... Silicon Valley Business Journal - Dec 22, 2015 Hansen Medical Inc. is leaving its Google-owned Mountain View headquarters and headed for San Jose. According to SEC filings, Hansen signed a 10-year, seven-month lease on Dec. 15 with LBA Realty for a 33,000-square-foot building in the Silicon&nbsp;...'
p10
a.