(lp0
S'Centene to Buy Health Net in $6.3 Billion Health-Care Deal Bloomberg - Jul 2, 2015 Centene Corp. agreed to buy Health Net Inc. for about $6.3 billion in cash and stock, creating a combination of two smaller U.S.'
p1
aS'Centene and Health Net merger closer to approval CNBC - Mar 22, 2016 Shares of health insurer Centene gained more than 4 percent after the firm announced it had received approval for its $6.3 billion acquisition of Health Net from health insurance officials at the California Department of Managed Health Care , one ...Centene Completes Acquisition Of Health Net - PR Newswire Centene  Announces Completion of Health Net Acquisition - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'AM Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Members of Health Net Group; Withdraws ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 A.M. Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating of B++  and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings  of bbb of Health Net of California, Inc., Health Net Life Insurance Company , Health Net Health ...'
p3
aS'Health Net says quarterly membership in Obamacare plans declined Reuters - Feb 25, 2016 Insurer Health Net Inc, which is being bought by rival Centene Corp, said it lost members in its individual business that sells plans under Obamacare, echoing thoughts of larger rivals in the sector.HealthNet says quarterly membership in public exchange plans declined - Business Insurance'
p4
aS'Health Net and Scripps Health Join Forces Business Wire  - Nov 10, 2016 Health Net, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Centene Corporation , provides and administers health benefits through group, individual, Medicare , Medicaid ...'
p5
aS'Health Net Providing More Than $1M In Grants To California Safety Net Providers E-Dental.com - Jan 19, 2017 Health Net, Inc. has agreed to provide more than $1 million in grants to safety net health and dental providers in California to help them enhance the quality and scope of services they provide their patients, many of whom are low-income.'
p6
aS"Health Net tried to block employee whistleblowers, SEC says Los Angeles Times - Aug 16, 2016 For years, insurance provider Health Net Inc. used illegal severance agreements to try to keep departing employees from talking to state and federal officials about company violations, the U.S.Centene's Health Net tried to deter employee whistleblowers, SEC says - St. Louis Business JournalCentene's Subsidiary, Health Net, Announces Settlement Regarding Employee ... - PR Newswire "
p7
aS"Calif. Panel Tells Insurers To Cover Health Net's Class Defense Law360  - Oct 8, 2016 Law360, New York  -- A California appeals court ruled Friday that a group of professional liability insurers had a duty to defend Health Net Inc. in three now-settled class actions alleging the health care provider ..."
p8
aS"Legacy Health Net business causes $300 million headache for Centene STLtoday.com - Jul 26, 2016 Centene Corp. has earmarked $300 million to cover potential losses from business the company picked up in its $6 billion acquisition of Health Net Inc. last year, company officials said Tuesday. During the company's second-quarter conference call ...Centene Earnings Top, But Stock Dives On Health Net Losses - Investor's Business Daily"
p9
aS'Humana, Health Net win US defense contracts: Pentagon Reuters - Jul 21, 2016 WASHINGTON Humana Government Business Inc, a unit of Humana Inc, and Health Net Federal Services LLC have been selected to provide managed care support to the U.S.Tricare drops UnitedHealthcare from new contracts worth $58 billion - ModernHealthcare.comIn Contract Shift, Tricare Consolidates Coverage Regions - Military.com'
p10
a.