(lp0
S'Option Market Alert: Hooker Furniture Corporation Implied Price Swing Hits An ... CML News - 10 hours ago No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Hooker Furniture Corporation  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.Market View: Checking on the Technicals for Hooker Furniture Corporation ... - The Standard'
p1
aS'Hooker Furniture: Buy The Chaos? Seeking Alpha - Apr 7, 2016 Hooker Furniture is a very interesting American company that has been in business for nearly a century. I called for a buy a year ago and the returns have been strong, but now the stock is getting crushed, thanks to the downturn the company is ...Why The Buckle, Hooker Furniture, and Freeport-McMoRan Slumped Today - Motley Fool'
p2
aS"Hooker Furniture's Huge Gains Are Well-Deserved, But The Run Might Be Near An End Seeking Alpha - Jan 5, 2017 HOFT had a roller-coaster 2016, starting the year with a well-received acquisition, stumbling over earnings, and then soaring toward the back half of the year."
p3
aS'Hooker Furniture: Sometimes The Unknown Names Provide The Best Returns Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 Hooker Furniture  is a very interesting American company that has been in business for nearly a century. When I first highlighted the stock as a buy at $21 a year ago, I discussed the great story that came with the name.'
p4
aS'Hooker Furniture Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 15, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 Hooker Furniture Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.12 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 31, 2017.Hooker Furniture Co.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 31st - The Cerbat GemHooker Furniture  to pay $0.12 on Mar 31, 2017, Profile of 2 Analysts ... - Herald KS'
p5
aS"Hooker Furniture Corp. HOFT  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p6
aS'Hooker Furniture acquires Pulaski company Martinsville Bulletin - Jan 7, 2016 Although Hooker Furniture Corp. has been debt-free for some time, we look at this acquisition as an excellent way to put excess capital to work and use our pristine balance sheet to layer in a manageable amount of low-cost debt, Toms said in the release.Hooker Furniture acquires Home Meridian for $100 million - woodworkingnetwork.comHooker Furniture  to Acquire Home Meridian in $100M Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS'Hooker Furniture Corporation names Siler as VP of Asia merchandising Martinsville Bulletin - Aug 3, 2016 MARTINSVILLE - Hooker Furniture Corporation has tapped Phillip Siler for the new position of vice president of Asia merchandising.'
p8
aS"Hooker Furniture names Lush EVP Furniture Today - Oct 31, 2016 I'm pleased and honored to join Hooker Furniture Corporation, Lush said. With its solid financial stability, experienced management team and considerable expertise in merchandising and marketing, Hooker is uniquely positioned for significant growth."
p9
aS'Hooker Furniture moves into top 5 with Home Meridian acquisition woodworkingnetwork.com - Feb 3, 2016 Operating as a division of Hooker Furniture Corp., HMI will continue to be led by former President and CEO George Revington and his management team.'
p10
a.