(lp0
S'Checking the Levels for Hollywood Media Corp.  SKV News - 7 hours ago Taking a look at shares of Hollywood Media Corp. , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 33. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Bluecrest Quintuples its Stake at Hollywood Media Corporation  Tech Insider - May 14, 2014 Michael Platt and William Reeves' Bluecrest Capital Management has filed a 13G form with the SEC, declaring an increase in its position at Hollywood Media Corporation . The fund now owns about 2.85 million shares, which account for&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"All For One Media Corp. retains top Hollywood casting agency PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 MOUNT KISCO, N.Y., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- All For One Media Corp.,  has retained the services of Bullock &amp; Snow Casting as casting directors for the company's upcoming musical dramedy, Crazy For The Boys."
p3
aS'CinemaCon 2017: Regency Theatres logs onto MovieTickets.com L.A. Biz - 16 hours ago The company is co-owned by Hollywood Media Corp. National Amusements, Cineplex Entertainment, Regal Entertainment Group , Marcus Theatres , Viacom , and Time Warner .'
p4
aS"Huayi Brothers eyes Hollywood as Chinese moviemakers expand CNBC - Apr 26, 2016 ... set its sights on the massive movie-going market in China but filmmakers in the world's second-largest economy are stepping up efforts to carve a niche in the U.S."
p5
aS'Hollywood Goes Green And Turns A Profit At First-Ever Environmental Media ... Forbes - Mar 25, 2017 The Environmental Media Association  kicked off their first-ever IMPACT Summit in Los Angeles with the goal of bringing about awareness and education in the green space.'
p6
aS"Ghostbusters backlash highlights ongoing sexism in Hollywood ABC Online - Jun 29, 2016 An all-female reboot of Ghostbusters hits theatres next month amid a savage backlash by internet trolls that has thrown the spotlight back onto Hollywood's gender discrimination problem. The film's first trailer has become the most reviled in YouTube ..."
p7
aS"Mediaite's Hiring of Nikki Finke Sparks Legal Threat from Deadline Hollywood ... Hollywood Reporter - Nov 17, 2016 Finke's forthcoming return to journalism after a two-year absence has led Penske Media, the owner of Variety and Deadline Hollywood, to send a threatening warning to her new employer that she is prohibited from engaging in any &quot;entertainment industry ..."
p8
aS'Variety To Host First-Ever Conference On Diversity And Inclusion In Hollywood PR Newswire  - Sep 26, 2016 ... Facebook facebook.com/variety; Twitter, @variety; Instagram, @Variety; Pintrest and Snapchat. The Variety Group - Variety, Variety.'
p9
aS"Richard Petty sparkles in Hollywood while receiving prestigious award Nascar - 14 hours ago LOS ANGELES -- The bright orange hues of the setting sun lingered over the California coastline last Thursday evening, casting an appropriate illumination on the Hollywood hilltops in the distance and onto one of Los Angeles' most distinctive treasures ..."
p10
a.