(lp0
S'How Financially Strong Is Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc ? Simply Wall St - Mar 23, 2017 Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc  is a small-cap-stock with a market capitalization of USD $141 Million. While investors primarily focus on the growth potential and competitive landscape of the small-cap companies, they end up ignoring a key&nbsp;...Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc Risk Points versus Energy - CML NewsHornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.  Hits Weekly Highs - StockNewsUnion'
p1
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.  Receives $9.83 Average PT from Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 3 hours ago Hornbeck Offshore Services logo Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.  has been assigned a consensus rating of Hold from the nine research firms that are currently covering the stock.Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. surged in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free ObserverHornbeck Offshore Services  Plunges 5.93% on March 27 - Equities.com'
p2
aS"Liquidity Warnings Send Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.'s Stock Plunging Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Most offshore service companies believe crude needs to improve to more than $60 per barrel before producers start expanding their drilling budgets, which might not arrive for quite some time.Hornbeck Offshore Services   Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaHornbeck Offshore Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p3
aS"Hornbeck Offshore Services - Bankers And Bondholders Will Determine Fate Of ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Since HOS's business revolves around providing oilfield services to exploration and drilling companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico, it is not surprising that they have struggled over the past few years.Analysts Near-Term outlook: Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. , MannKind ... - The USA CommerceHornbeck Offshore Services  Debt Trading 2.3% Lower - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services: Escaping Natural Elimination Seeking Alpha - Aug 25, 2016 Hornbeck Offshore Services, along with its publicly-traded peers, reported quarterly results in August reflecting an ongoing downturn for offshore service providers.'
p5
aS'Hornbeck Offshore: A Consolidator In The Offshore Supply Vessel Industry Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 The outlook for the worldwide Offshore Support Vessel market is bleak and turning darker every day. Shares of Hornbeck Offshore Services plummeted by 22% on February 16 after the company posted its earnings. On that single day, the trading volume&nbsp;...Successful Earnings Option Trading: Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc  - CML NewsHornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.  Recent Ownership Changes - Post Analyst'
p6
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services: Should Its Cash Last? Seeking Alpha - May 19, 2016 Hornbeck Offshore Services reported 2016 first quarter results on May 4th. The company stated the industry likely had not hit the bottom yet and thinks things could still get worse.'
p7
aS'Risk Alert in Option Market: Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc Implied Price ... CML News - 10 hours ago Risk Alert: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc  risk is at an extremely elevated level.'
p8
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services   Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Todd M. Hornbeck - Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. . Thank you, Ken. Good morning, and welcome to the Hornbeck Offshore third quarter 2016 conference call.Hornbeck hit by losses as oil slump continues - The Advocate'
p9
aS'Hornbeck Offshore: Now Is The Time To Buy Seeking Alpha - Sep 11, 2016 Hornbeck Offshore Services  operates as a provider of marine transportation services to exploration &amp; production, oilfield service, offshore construction and military customers.'
p10
a.