(lp0
S'CHANTICLEER HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - 10 hours ago Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. is engaged in the business of owning, operating and franchising fast casual dining concepts domestically and internationally.Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p1
aS"What does Chanticleer Holdings Inc's  balance sheet tells us abouts its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 27, 2017 Chanticleer Holdings Inc  is a small-cap-stock with a market capitalization of USD $7 Million. While investors primarily focus on the growth potential and competitive landscape of the small-cap companies, they end up ignoring a key aspect,&nbsp;...Chanticleer Holdings Announces Lease Signing For Little Big Burger Location in ... - Marketwired Which analysts are covering Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. ? - Post Analyst"
p2
aS'Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. to Hold Conference Call to Discuss Year End 2016 ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner, operator and franchisor of multiple restaurant brands in the U.S.'
p3
aS'Goldman Small Cap Research Issues Research Report on Chanticleer Holdings Inc. Yahoo Finance - Oct 11, 2016 BALTIMORE, MD / ACCESSWIRE / October 11, 2016 / Goldman Small Cap Research, a stock market research firm specializing in the small cap and microcap sectors, announced today that it has released a new research report on Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.'
p4
aS'Chanticleer Holdings to Open Little Big Burger Location in Charlotte, NC Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner, operator and franchisor of multiple branded restaurants in the U.S.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardChanticleer Holdings, Inc.  Analyst Coverage - NewsDen'
p5
aS'Chanticleer Holdings to Open Little Big Burger Location in Hillsboro, OR Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner, operator and franchisor of multiple branded restaurants in the U.S.'
p6
aS'Chanticleer Holdings Launches Little Big Burger Franchise Opportunities Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner and operator of multiple restaurant brands in the U.S.'
p7
aS'Chanticleer Holdings Inc : Turning Down The Fire Smarter Analyst - May 21, 2015 Chanticleer Holdings Inc  has recently been scorching hot. Yet its business plan is so cold, it could have frozen the raunchy wit right off legendary sex symbol Mae West.Chanticleer Holdings : Turning Out The Fire - CNA Finance '
p8
aS'Chanticleer Holdings Reminds its Rights Offering Shareholders of Record that ... Marketwired  - Dec 21, 2016 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.   , owner and operator of multiple restaurant brands in the U.S.'
p9
aS"Chanticleer Holdings' BGR the Burger Joint to Open Franchise Location in Oman Marketwired  - Oct 3, 2016 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner and operator of multiple restaurant brands internationally and domestically, today announced that its better burger&nbsp;..."
p10
a.