(lp0
S'Hudson Pacific Properties Sells Office Building, Land for $35 million Los Angeles Business Journal - 10 hours ago Hudson Pacific Properties Inc. has sold an office building and an adjacent 1.2-acre plot of land in Santa Monica for $35 million to Santa Monica-based solar power provider Cypress Creek Renewables.Hudson Pacific Sells Santa Monica Asset - Commercial Property Executive'
p1
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: NCR Corporation , Hudson Pacific ... The USA Commerce - 19 hours ago While trading at volume below than average, Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  previous 52-week high was $36.48 and moved up 21.40% over the same period, trading at a volume of 988.07 thousand.Institutional Investors Remain the Majority Holders of Company Stock: Hudson ... - Midway Monitor"
p2
aS'Hudson Pacific Properties Announces Capital Plan for Office Campus in Northern ... Business Wire  - Mar 24, 2017 Campus Center is another opportunity for us to create value by making substantial asset-level improvements that will be attractive to top-tier tenants, said Victor Coleman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hudson Pacific Properties. Demand ...'
p3
aS'Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 16 ... Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 16, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.25 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 30, 2017.Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comWhy to Keeping Eye on Brinker International, Inc. , Hudson Pacific ... - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS'Hudson Pacific Properties Signs Lease with Google at Rincon Center in San ... Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2017 Hudson Pacific Properties is pleased to further expand its relationship with Google and support the growth of its urban campus in downtown San Francisco, said Victor Coleman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hudson Pacific Properties. This ...Why Investors remained confident on Uniti Group Inc. , Hudson Pacific ... - StockNewsJournalLooking at the Tea Leaves for Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  - The USA Commerce'
p5
aS'Hudson Pacific Properties  Raises Dividend by 25% Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 Much to the delight of its shareholders, Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc. HPP announced a quarterly common stocks dividend of 25 cents per share.'
p6
aS"Historic Hollywood film studio where 'I Love Lucy' was shot being acquired by ... Los Angeles Times - Mar 1, 2017 One of Hollywood's oldest film studios is being acquired by Los Angeles real estate company Hudson Pacific Properties Inc., which already owns two other historic studios in the area. Hudson Pacific will pay $200 million for Hollywood Center Studios,&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Hudson Pacific Properties Increases Common Stock Dividend by 25% Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  today announced that the company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend on its common stock of $0.25 per share for the first quarter of 2017.Hudson Pacific Properties Updates 2017 Outlook in Connection with Public ... - Business Wire Hudson Pacific trims guidance - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'Hudson Pacific Properties Is A Fair Location To Park Cash Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 The margin of safety is minimal, but given the high valuation of other office REITs, Hudson Pacific Properties  is a fair location to park cash.'
p9
aS"Hudson Pacific Properties'  CEO Victor Coleman on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Hudson Pacific Properties fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With us today are the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Victor Coleman; and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial&nbsp;...Hudson Pacific CEO says Measure S would raise company's property values - The Real Deal MagazineTraders Secrets on Gentex Corporation , Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.