(lp0
S'HP Inc.  Set on Growth Trajectory: Should You Hold? Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 It seems that the split from Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company HPE in Nov 2015 has been a boon for shareholders of HP Inc.'
p1
aS"Idaho Wants to Pay Millions For This HP Inc. Campus Fortune - Mar 16, 2017 HP Inc.'s big campus in Boise, Idaho may become the new home for that state's tax office. Idaho governor C.L. Butch Otter said Thursday that his administration plans to negotiate with HP to buy the huge Boise campus for roughly $110 million, plus an ...Idaho wants to buy HP's entire Boise campus for $110 million, move agencies there - Idaho StatesmanIdaho Is Seeking To Buy HP's Boise Campus For $110 Million - CRN"
p2
aS'Gfinity signs up HP as first official Elite Series partner Proactive Investors UK - Mar 23, 2017 eSports business Gfinity Plc  has signed up technology giant HP Inc  as the first official partner of its inaugural Gfinity Elite Series eSports tournament.'
p3
aS"HP Inc's UK boss on life after the split ZDNet - Mar 3, 2017 ZDNet caught up with him at the company's brand-new million-pound Customer Welcome Centre  in London, to discuss progress since HP's November 2015 bifurcation into printer and personal systems  and enterprise  businesses."
p4
aS"Smoke but no fire at HP campus Corvallis Gazette Times - Mar 28, 2017 Smoke in a ventilation system resulted in the evacuation of a building at HP Inc.'s Corvallis campus on Monday, but the problem apparently was short-lived and no fire was found."
p5
aS'The Technicals For HP Inc.  Tell An Interesting Tale NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The technicals for HP Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p6
aS'Workers put out small fire at HP Corvallis Gazette Times - Mar 21, 2017 The Corvallis Fire Department responded to a fire at HP Inc. on Monday evening, but company employees had the small blaze extinguished by the time firefighters arrived.'
p7
aS'HP Inc.  Poised for Long-Term Growth Despite Risks Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 One such stock that investors need to hold on to right now is HP Inc. HPQ . Though there are a few concerns, these are short lived and the stock has the potential to perform well in the long run.'
p8
aS'HP Inc. Challenges Tech Industry to Raise the Bar on Electronics Recycling Sustainable Brands - Mar 13, 2017 According to environmental non-profit Basel Action Network , electronics recycling may not be quite as straightforward as consumers believe.'
p9
aS'What Analysts are Predicting For HP Inc. , Prologis, Inc. ? The USA Commerce - 19 hours ago Presently HP Inc.  stock have an ABR of 2.21. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.'
p10
a.