(lp0
S'Facing soft chocolate sales, Hershey Co. appoints chief growth officer Philly.com - Mar 13, 2017 Bolstering efforts to diversify, the Hershey Co. appointed Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief growth officer.The Hershey Company Announces Mary Beth West As Chief Growth Officer - VendingMarketWatchJC Penney marketing head Mary Beth West departs for Hershey - Retail Dive'
p1
aS"Hershey Co. adding jobs at Virginia factory Central Penn Business Journal - Mar 16, 2017 The Hershey Co. plans to make a multi-million dollar investment in new machinery at a factory in Virginia, creating 69 new jobs.Hershey Company announces nearly 70 new jobs in Stuarts Draft - WHSVMore jobs headed to Draft's Hershey plant - Staunton News Leader"
p2
aS'Hershey Co. to lay off 15 percent of international workforce PennLive.com - Feb 28, 2017 The Derry Township-based chocolate company announced its plans ahead of a company-sponsored investor conference in New York on March 1. The layoffs are part of a larger program the company has named the &quot;Margin for Growth,&quot; which the company&nbsp;...Hershey to retrench its international business, warns of low sales growth - Philly.comHershey restructuring could cut 15 percent of workforce - Chicago Tribune'
p3
aS"BRIEF-Hershey Co says Chairman John Bilbrey's total compensation for 2016 was ... Reuters - Mar 23, 2017 BRIEF-Hershey Co says Chairman John Bilbrey's total compensation for 2016 was $12.7 mln. March 23 Hershey Co. * Chairman John Bilbrey's total compensation for 2016 was $12.7 million - SEC Filing Source text (bit."
p4
aS'Hershey Co. Appoints Mary West as Chief Growth Officer Powder Bulk Solids - Mar 13, 2017 An executive from J.C. Penney Company Inc., Mary Beth West, was named by incoming Hershey Company chief executive officer Michelle Buck as senior vice president and Chief Growth Officer, the Hershey, PA company announced Monday.'
p5
aS"Hershey Co. to launch new Reese's product Central Penn Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 The move also seems to fit in with the new growth strategy announced earlier this month by new Hershey Co. CEO Michele Buck.Hershey's unveils new Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, ending the #Cupspiracy - PennLive.comHershey's new Reese's Cup 'crushes it!' - Lebanon Daily News"
p6
aS'BRIEF-Hershey Co appoints Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 BRIEF-Hershey Co appoints Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief growth officer. March 13 Hershey Co. * Hershey co - appointment of Mary Beth West as its new senior vice president and chief growth officer. * Hershey co - West will join ...'
p7
aS"Letter to the Editor: Response from The Hershey Company Daily Utah Chronicle - Mar 24, 2017 I saw Alisa Patience's recent letter titled, Boycott Hershey's and Child Slavery. I wanted to share a broader perspective about the issue and what we at Hershey are doing about it. First, Alisa's statement that Hershey's has children as young as ..."
p8
aS"Hershey Company Expands Stuarts Draft, Virginia, Operations Center Area Development Online - Mar 15, 2017 The Hershey Company's most recent production expansion at its operation in Augusta County is a tremendous testament to the Commonwealth's competitive business climate, infrastructure and dedicated workforce, said Governor Terry McAuliffe.Hershey to expand Stuarts Draft operation - Virginia Business Magazine"
p9
aS'Chinese officials suspend production at Hershey plant in China over dispute ... LancasterOnline - Mar 8, 2017 A Chinese chocolate factory owned by Hershey Co. and a South Korean firm has been told by Chinese authorities to shut down for a month, Bloomberg reports.China Shuts Hershey-Lotte Plant in Latest Missile-Spat Move - BloombergChina Orders Hershey Plant Closed Over US Missiles - Investopedia'
p10
a.