(lp0
S'US Geothermal Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results and ... Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 BOISE, Idaho, March 09, 2017  -- U.S. Geothermal Inc.  , a leading and profitable renewable energy company focused on the development, production, and sale of electricity from geothermal energy,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'US Geothermal Inc. to Host Conference Call to Discuss Fourth Quarter and Year ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 22, 2017 BOISE, Idaho, Feb. 22, 2017  -- U.S. Geothermal Inc.  , a leading and profitable renewable energy company focused on the development, production, and sale of electricity from geothermal energy,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'US Geothermal Inc. Provides Update on Development and Expansion Projects Marketwired  - Feb 6, 2017 BOISE, IDAHO-- - U.S. Geothermal Inc.  , a leading and profitable renewable energy company focused on the development, production and sale of electricity from geothermal energy, is pleased to&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'US Geothermal Inc. MarketWatch - Dec 21, 2009 Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up of low-cost buy-and-hold index funds.  How to create your own Lazy Portfolio.'
p4
aS'US Geothermal Is An Open-Ended Story Seeking Alpha - Nov 28, 2014 U.S. Geothermal Inc. , is a company that acquires and builds geothermal energy generation plants throughout parts of the United States and is also operating a project in Guatemala.'
p5
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up US Geothermal Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Feb 9, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, U.S. Geothermal Inc. is engaged in the renewable green energy business. The Company, through its subsidiary U.S. Geothermal Inc. , is engaged in the acquisition, development and utilization of&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'US Geothermal Inc. Closes $20 Million Debt Financing With Prudential Capital Group MarketWatch - May 19, 2016 BOISE, IDAHO-- - U.S. Geothermal Inc.  announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Idaho USG Holdings LLC , closed on a $20 million debt facility from Prudential Capital Group.'
p7
aS'2 Geothermal Pure Plays At Their Turning Points Seeking Alpha - May 26, 2016 There are only two pure geothermal plays listed on major exchanges: Polaris Infrastructure  and U.S. Geothermal Inc . In this article, I would like to do a quick review of the recent developments at these plays.'
p8
aS'US Geothermal Enters A Period Of Relative Stability Seeking Alpha  - Mar 25, 2015 To radically improve its financial results, the company has to put new projects into operation. In its 2014 Annual Report, U.S. Geothermal once again reports the delays in implementing a few projects under development. Investors should give serious&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'US Geothermal  Announces One-for-Six Reverse Stock Split StreetInsider.com - Oct 31, 2016 U.S. Geothermal Inc.  announced that its Board of Directors has approved a 1-for-6 share consolidation, otherwise referred to as a reverse stock split, of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock.'
p10
a.