(lp0
S"Hertz bears brunt of 'freak out' over used-car prices The Detroit News - 11 hours ago As investor panic spreads about the plunging prices of used cars in the U.S., one company and its high-profile top investor are enduring the biggest beating: Hertz Global Holdings Inc. and billionaire Carl Icahn. Hertz shares lost one-fifth of their ..."
p1
aS'The Warning Sign That Sent Shares of Hertz Global and Avis Budget Lower Today Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Shares of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  and Avis Budget Group Inc. , both engaged in car and truck rentals, among other services, were trading 10% and 8% lower at 2:55 p.m.Ally profit warning deepens angst over slumping used-car prices - Colorado Springs Gazette'
p2
aS'All You Need To Know About Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  Revealed ... NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The technicals for Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p3
aS"Hertz becomes first to offer full car rental services at London Gatwick ... PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 LONDON, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  announced that Hertz UK has launched a full rental service from Sofitel London Gatwick Hotel, becoming the only car rental company to have fleet available at the airport's&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Are Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  Stock Technicals Favorable? USA Commerce Daily - 12 hours ago With all other things going on, Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -21.38 percent in just three months.'
p5
aS'Hertz Global Holdings Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 And Full-Year Financial Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.   today reported a fourth quarter 2016 net loss from continuing operations of $438 million, or $5.28 per diluted share, including $254 million of impairment ...Hertz Swings to Loss on Impairment Charges - Wall Street Journal Hertz Global Holdings Inc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 01 - Equities.com'
p6
aS'Hertz Global Holdings, Inc  Bond Prices Fall 1.4% Chaffey Breeze - Mar 26, 2017 Hertz Global Holdings logo An issue of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc  bonds fell 1.4% as a percentage of their face value during trading on Monday.Option Trading: Hertz Global Holdings Inc  Winning Short Put Spreads ... - CML NewsHertz Global Holdings, Inc  Shares Sold by State Street Corp - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS"Hertz's Stock Takes Beating After Used Car Prices Plummet In February NESN.com - 15 hours ago The recent decline in used car prices in the U.S. is hitting home hard for Hertz Global Holdings Inc. Following a sharp decline in the National Automobile Dealers Association's used-vehicle price index, the value of Hertz shares dropped 20 percent ..."
p8
aS'Digging Up the Facts on Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 22, 2017 Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Rental &amp; Leasing Services.Hertz Global Holdings, Inc  Bonds Drop 1% During Trading - Chaffey BreezeHertz Global Holdings Inc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.com'
p9
aS'Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (HTZ ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 Presently Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 3.00. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.'
p10
a.