(lp0
S'Huron Consulting Group  Names John D. Kelly as EVP and CFO StreetInsider.com - Jan 6, 2017 Global professional services firm Huron  today announced Gordon J. Mountford will step down as leader of the healthcare practice, and John D. Kelly has been promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.'
p1
aS'Huron Consulting Group  Acquires Pope Woodhead &amp; Associates StreetInsider.com - Jan 9, 2017 Global professional services firm Huron  today announced that it has expanded its life sciences strategy expertise with the acquisition of Pope Woodhead &amp; Associates.'
p2
aS"Huron Consulting Group Acquires HSM Consulting: 6 Things to Know HIT Consultant - Jul 27, 2016 As part of the acquisition, more than 100 experienced HSM consultants will join Huron, with David Devine, HSM's chief executive officer, joining as a managing director.Huron Consulting Group to Acquire HSM Consulting, Expanding Healthcare ... - Business Wire Huron Consulting buys Health Services Management to bolster EHR and health IT ... - Healthcare IT News"
p3
aS"Huron Consulting is rebranding to reflect firm's evolution Chicago Business Journal - Sep 13, 2016 It reflects Huron's culture of partnership and collaboration, and connotes the entrepreneurial spirit that exists across Huron's business. Huron also has refreshed its website with cleaner design and improved navigation to spotlight the firm's products ...Huron Introduces New Brand Strategy to Highlight Firm's Identity and Evolution - Business Wire "
p4
aS'Huron Consulting Group buys Oracle specialist ADI Strategies Consultancy.uk - Apr 29, 2016 Huron Consulting Group has acquired ADI Strategies, a US based Oracle specialist with a focus on enterprise performance management, risk management, and business intelligence.'
p5
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Huron Consulting Group  Stock Gets Upgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 Today, Huron Consulting Group  stock received an upgrade by Avondale Partners from Market Perform to Outperform.Huron Consulting Group  Upgraded to Outperform at Avondale Partners - Chaffey BreezeAnalyst Recommendations And Earnings Forecast: Trupanion, Inc. , Huron ... - Post Analyst'
p6
aS'Decision Time: Huron Consulting Group Inc  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - 18 hours ago Decision Time: Huron Consulting Group Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p7
aS'Huron Consulting Group Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on March 22 ... Equities.com - Mar 22, 2017 Shares of Huron Consulting Group Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.'
p8
aS'Huron Consulting Group seeks to acquire HSM Consulting Consultancy.uk - Aug 4, 2016 Huron Consulting Group is seeking to acquire Massachusetts-based HSM Consulting for an undisclosed sum. The deal would provide Huron with expanded capabilities in the healthcare digitalisation space; the combined entity, able to provide almost all EHR&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Barrington Research Downgrades the shares of Huron Consulting Group Inc. (HURN ... HugoPress - Mar 27, 2017 Barrington Research Downgrades Huron Consulting Group Inc. 's stock to Market Perform with no specific Price Target.Huron Consulting Group  COO Sells $99000.00 in Stock - Sports PerspectivesHuron Consulting Group - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS"
p10
a.