(lp0
S'iBio, Inc. , Eastern Capital Enter JV to Develop Plant-Made Pharmaceuticals StreetInsider.com - Jan 14, 2016 iBio, Inc.  announced the formation of a joint venture with affiliates of Eastern Capital Limited  to develop and manufacture plant-made pharmaceuticals.iBio Forms Joint Venture CMO for Large-Scale Pharmaceuticals Manufacturing in ... - CNNMoney'
p1
aS'iBio, Inc.  Receives Favorable Court Ruling in Fraunhofer USA Litigation StreetInsider.com - Aug 4, 2016 iBio, Inc.  announced that the Delaware Court of Chancery, where litigation brought by iBio against Fraunhofer USA Inc. has been pending, issued a decisive determination on July 29, 2016, in favor of iBio and against Fraunhofer.'
p2
aS"iBio, Inc.  Arranges Production of IBIO-CFB03 With Caliber Biotherapeutics StreetInsider.com - Apr 27, 2015 iBio, Inc. , has engaged Caliber Biotherapeutics LLC to scale-up and produce materials for clinical development of the first of iBio's proprietary anti-fibrosis products, IBIO-CFB03."
p3
aS'What Happened to Ibio Inc  MicroCap Daily - May 17, 2015 Ibio Inc  continues to make higher highs and higher lows since reversing off $0.50 lows in February. The stock made a spectacular move up in October of last year after IBIO offered to assist the U.S.'
p4
aS'iBio, Inc. Receives FDA Orphan Drug Designation for Fibrosis Product Candidate Yahoo Finance - Jul 5, 2016 NEW YORK, NY-- - iBio, Inc. , a leading provider of plant-based biotechnology for developing and manufacturing biological products, announced that the United States Food and Drug Administration  has&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'iBio, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 iBio, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p6
aS'iBio Grants Caliber License for Production of Antibodies Targeting Ebola Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2014 NEWARK, DE-- - iBio, Inc.  and Caliber Biotherapeutics LLC executed an agreement, effective today, for an emergency use license to the iBioLaunch platform for production by Caliber of antibodies that ...'
p7
aS'Decision Time: iBio Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection Point CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Decision Time: iBio Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p8
aS"Market Mover of Last Trading Session: iBio, Inc.  Is stories - Feb 24, 2017 iBio, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -1.99% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 0.38. The company's last traded volume of 0.15 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 0.1 million shares."
p9
aS'Broker Rating Review For iBio, Inc.  VolitionRx Limited  Rives Journal - Mar 27, 2017 Equity Research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of iBio, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00.'
p10
a.