(lp0
S'Interactive Brokers introduces cloud presets in TWS for mobile orders FinanceFeeds  - 23 hours ago Electronic trading major Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  has recently updated its TWS mobile app functionalities with a focus on order presets.'
p1
aS"Slow Trading Is a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 21, 2016 Investors aren't trading in the volume they once were in today's relatively calm market and that's hurting both Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s  brokerage and market-making businesses. The slowdown will likely be a temporary calm until&nbsp;...The Best Broker for Dividend Investors: Interactive Brokers  - ValueWalk"
p2
aS'Currency Headwinds a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 18, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  continues to be an attractive trading platform for funds and smaller investors, growing its active accounts and equity once again in the fourth quarter of 2016.Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.   Stock Valuation - ValueWalkWhy Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. stock is subdued - FX Daily Report'
p3
aS"How Interactive Brokers Group Inc's  12.5% ROE Fares Against The Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 22, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group Inc's  ROE of 12.5% over the past year stood above the industry average of 11.89%."
p4
aS'Interactive Brokers Group Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - Mar 22, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock lost 0.74% to close at $34.99.Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  Shares Bought by State Street Corp - The Cerbat GemTraders Targeted Mover: Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  - Is stories'
p5
aS'Stock in Focus: Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.021254.'
p6
aS"Institutions Attracted to This Stock; Holding Majority of Shares: Interactive ... Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p7
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS"Why You Shouldn't Panic Over Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s Down Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 20, 2016 As I highlighted in my earnings preview for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. , the company has done a great job of attracting new customers and capital to the electronic brokerage business so far in 2016.Interactive Brokers tumbles amid market making disappointment - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 23, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p10
a.