(lp0
S'ICU Medical, Inc. to Present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 7, 2017 SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., March 07, 2017  -- ICU Medical, Inc. , a leader in the development, manufacture and sale of innovative medical devices used in infusion therapy, oncology and critical care applications, today&nbsp;...Virginia Ruth Sanzone Sells 681 Shares of ICU Medical, Incorporated  Stock - Chaffey BreezeICU Medical, Incorporated  Chairman Vivek Jain Sells 589 Shares of Stock - Community Financial News'
p1
aS'ICU Medical, Inc. to Present at Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 27, 2017 SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., Feb. 27, 2017  -- ICU Medical, Inc. , a leader in the development, manufacture and sale of innovative medical devices used in infusion therapy, oncology and critical care applications, today&nbsp;...ICU Medical Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.comICU Medical, Incorporated  VP Steven Riggs Sells 31250 Shares - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'ICU Medical, Inc. Announces Time of Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 21, 2017 SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., Feb. 21, 2017  -- ICU Medical, Inc. , a leader in the development, manufacture and sale of innovative medical devices used in infusion therapy, oncology and critical care applications, today&nbsp;...Stock Returns: ICU Medical Inc  is Beating Haemonetics ... - CML NewsICU Medical, Inc.  Position Cut by Employees Retirement System of Texas - Community Financial News'
p3
aS'Reading the Numbers on Shares of ICU Medical, Inc.  Rives Journal - 15 hours ago ICU Medical, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.285797. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p4
aS"ICU Medical, Incorporated  Chairman Sells $88350.00 in Stock Sports Perspectives - 15 hours ago ICU Medical, logo ICU Medical, Incorporated  Chairman Vivek Jain sold 589 shares of the company's stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th.ICU Medical Incorporated - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSBroker Outlook For The Week Ahead ICU Medical, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p5
aS"ICU Medical To Buy Pfizer Unit in $1 Billion Deal Wall Street Journal - Oct 6, 2016 ICU Medical Inc. agreed to buy Pfizer Inc.'s infusion-systems business in a $1 billion cash-and-stock deal, giving the California medical-device maker a larger footprint in the global market."
p6
aS'ICU Medical - Getting An Infusion With The Pfizer Deal Seeking Alpha - Oct 10, 2016 The deal offers tremendous strategic and financial benefits, having the potential to be very accretive. While I like the deal a lot, and understand the enthusiasm among investors, shares were trading at premium valuation multiples from the start.Pfizer Divests Hospira Infusion Systems To ICU, Retaining An Interest In The ... - Forbes'
p7
aS'New Management At ICU Medical Has Produced Positive Results Seeking Alpha - Apr 19, 2016 ICU Medical, Inc.  is a $1.6 billion, global, healthcare company, headquartered in San Clemente, California, that develops, manufactures, and sells medical devices used in infusion therapy, oncology, and critical care applications.'
p8
aS"BRIEF-Icu Medical Inc announces Q4 adj earnings per share $1.20 Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 JOHANNESBURG, March 25 South African Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan embarks on a week-long non-deal investor roadshow in Britain and the United States on Monday as weak economic growth and ruling party tensions put the country's investment&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Equity Insight: Indicator Review for ICU Medical Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Investors have the ability to employ technical indicators when undertaking stock research. At the time of writing, ICU Medical Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -18.66. Developed by Donald Lambert, the CCI is a versatile tool ...'
p10
a.