(lp0
S'Intellicheck Mobilisa To Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial ... Business Wire  - Feb 1, 2017 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in identity verification and validation systems, will report financial results on March 30, 2017 for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 ...'
p1
aS'Checking on Shares of Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc.  SKV News - 17 hours ago Studying the immense amount of data regarding public companies can be a tough job. Many sharp investors will approach the equity markets from multiple angles.'
p2
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa Sues Honeywell for Infringement of Multiple Patents Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2016 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in identity authentication, verification and validation technology solutions, today announced that it has filed a lawsuit against Honeywell for infringing on several&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa  Prices 1.2M Common Stock Offering at $1.75/Share StreetInsider.com - Jun 15, 2016 Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc.  announced the entry into an agreement relating to the sale of 1,200,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $1.75 per share together with the issuance of 600,000 five year warrants to purchase ...'
p4
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa Awarded Contract for Site Secure Access Control at ... Business Wire  - Jul 20, 2016 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in threat identification and identity authentication, verification and validation technology solutions, today announced it has been awarded a federal contract to ...'
p5
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa Expands Patent Portfolio Business Wire  - Sep 16, 2015 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in identity authentication, verification and validation solutions, today announced the Company has acquired an intellectual property portfolio from the estate of ...'
p6
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa and Visualant Reach Exclusivity Agreement on Pioneering ... Business Wire  - Apr 5, 2016 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in threat identification, identity authentication, verification and validation solutions, and Visualant, Inc. , a pioneer in ChromaID technology, today&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa CEO Dr. Nelson Ludlow and Senior Vice President Bonnie ... Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2014 PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a global leader in identity solutions and wireless security systems, announced that CEO Dr.'
p8
aS'California Military Department Awards Intellicheck Mobilisa Contract for ... Business Wire  - Jul 23, 2015 PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , the industry leader in identity authentication and validation solutions, today announced it has been awarded an initial purchase contract in excess of $300 thousand&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa Appoints William H. Roof, Ph.D. to Chief Operating Officer Business Wire  - Aug 8, 2014 PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a global leader in identity solutions and wireless security systems has appointed William H. Roof, Ph.'
p10
a.