(lp0
S'Company Update : Integrated Device Technology Inc to Acquire ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 14, 2017 Integrated Device Technology Inc  and GigPeak, Inc.  announced that they have signed a definitive agreement for IDT to acquire GigPeak, Inc., for total cash consideration of $3.08 per share, or approximately $250 million in cash.IDT to Acquire GigPeak for $3.08 per Share - Marketwired '
p1
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (COLL ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Integrated Device Technology, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $23.59, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.21, compared to an industry average at 2.33.Integrated Device Technology Inc  Short Interest Update - Chaffey BreezeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Integrated Device Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS'Cavium Inc versus Integrated Device Technology Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 18 hours ago Integrated Device Technology Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Cavium Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p3
aS'Trade of the Day: Integrated Device Technology Inc  Stock Set to Surge Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 Integrated Device Technology Inc  - This information technology company manufactures a broad line of low-power, high-performance semiconductors intended for advanced communications.Lookout for Price Target? Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , Integrated ... - StockNewsJournalHot Stock Update: Integrated Device Technology, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p4
aS"Integrated Device Technology  Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 I'll begin with our automotive and industrial end market where sales grew to reach 10% of total company revenue, as we ramped several major new tier-1 customer programs within the quarter.Integrated Device Technology Inc  Announces Third Quarter Fiscal Year ... - Smarter Analyst"
p5
aS"Barclays Remains Cautious On Integrated Device Technology Inc ; Here's Why Smarter Analyst - Aug 3, 2016 Barclays analyst Blayne Curtis weighs in on Integrated Device Technology Inc  after the analog chip maker reported June earnings that were in-line with expectations, but guided September lower as Huawei designed SRIO out of its base&nbsp;...Why Integrated Device Technology, Inc. Fell 13% Today - Motley FoolIntegrated Device Technology  Gregory L. Waters on Q1 2017 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS'Integrated Device Technology, Inc. Commences Previously Announced Cash Tender ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Integrated Device Technology, Inc.  announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Glider Merger Sub, Inc. , is commencing a cash tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock of GigPeak, Inc.'
p7
aS'Why Integrated Device Technology Inc. Stock Soared Today Motley Fool - Nov 1, 2016 Shares of Integrated Device Technology Inc.  were up 10.1% as of 2:00 p.m. EDT Tuesday after the mixed-signal solutions specialist announced mixed fiscal second-quarter 2017 results, and followed with encouraging guidance.Analyst Update: Twilio Inc, Weatherford International Plc, and Integrated ... - Schaeffers Research '
p8
aS"Integrated Device Technology, Inc.  to Ring The Nasdaq Stock ... Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Integrated Device Technology, Inc.  , a leader in developing analog mixed signal systems that optimize its customers' applications, will visit the Nasdaq MarketSite in Times Square."
p9
aS"Stock Update : Integrated Device Technology Inc Introduces ... Smarter Analyst - Jan 24, 2017 Integrated Device Technology Inc  introduced the industry's first integrated power management IC  developed for enterprise DDR4 NVDIMM applications."
p10
a.