(lp0
S'Infinity Energy Resources, Inc. Moving Forward With Strategic Oil and Gas ... Marketwired  - Nov 20, 2015 OVERLAND PARK, KS-- - Infinity Energy Resources, Inc.  , an independent oil and gas exploration and development company, today provided an update on its oil and gas exploration activities in&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Infinity Energy Resources, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent With Granada ... Marketwired  - Oct 13, 2014 OVERLAND PARK, KS-- - Infinity Energy Resources, Inc.  , an independent oil and gas exploration and development company, today announced that it has entered into a Letter of Intent  with&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Sovereign engages Infinity Energy Capital on Illinois Basin project Oil & Gas Financial Journal - Jan 30, 2014 Infinity Energy Capital LLC  has been engaged by Sovereign Natural Resources Inc. on an exclusive basis to work with them in the divestiture and/or development of +/- 70,000 acres in the Illinois Basin.'
p3
aS'Infinity Energy says knows no reason for share price jump DIGITALLOOK - Mar 15, 2017 Infinity Energy noted the jump in its share price on Wednesday and said it is not aware of any reason for the move. The company said it continues to have very limited cash resources and is dependent on the continued financial support of its major ...'
p4
aS"Infinite Energy worker 'thankful' to win $50000 grand prize Gainesville Sun - Dec 17, 2016 &quot;My co-worker called and told me I won and then everybody else started calling. I was very excited,&quot; Washington said."
p5
aS'CIMAREX ENERGY CO.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Dec 15, 2016 will retire as an officer and employee of Cimarex Energy Co.  on or ... company concentrating on the Powder River Basin of Wyoming.'
p6
aS'Marine Seismic Equipment &amp; Acquisition Markets 2016-2026 PR Newswire  - May 13, 2016 The marine seismic equipment and acquisition markets are important to follow as spending and trends within these markets indicate future locations for drilling and resource exploitation. CAPEX directed at marine seismic equipment or data ... It will be ...'
p7
aS'Infinite Energy builds solar power for Gainesville office Gainesville Sun - Aug 31, 2016 Infinite Energy decided to install solar panels because of falling prices for solar installations, the rising cost of electricity and to make a difference in the environment, according to Chief Financial Officer Scott Thomas.'
p8
aS"In matters of energy security, gas could be the new oil Houston Chronicle - Nov 15, 2016 Two years earlier, Beijing had signed a major pipeline deal with the Russian energy company Gazprom, but with economic growth slowing, so were the nation's energy needs. Chinese officials eyed LNG shipped from abroad as a flexible and lower cost&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Edge Lower; Abercrombie &amp; Fitch Earnings ... Benzinga - Mar 2, 2017 Meanwhile, top gainers in the sector included RGC Resources Inc. , and NRG Energy Inc . In trading on Thursday, basic ... Shares of Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc.  got a boost, shooting up 22 percent to $3.67 as ...'
p10
a.