(lp0
S'MarketsandMarkets raises $56 million, divests minority stake Economic Times - Oct 6, 2015 The current round of funding, led by venture capital and private equity firm FTV Capital, was the first institutional capital raised by MarketsandMarkets after the company was started in 2010. Zodius Capital was also a co-investor in the company in ...'
p1
aS'Investment Trust Watch: India Capital Growth in limbo Citywire.co.uk - Jul 22, 2016 ... Capital Growth in limbo. Some normality is returning to investment trusts but India Capital Growth and JPMorgan Elect look mis-priced.'
p2
aS"Oriel: Last roll of the dice for India Capital Growth Trust Interactive Investor - Sep 12, 2013 The India Capital Growth Trust's net asset value fell by 10% to 46.1p in the first half of the year. India's stockmarket has been faced with negativity and uncertainty, but despite this the trust's board is satisfied with its performance. India Capital ..."
p3
aS"Private investor's diary: turning to the US Investors Chronicle - Nov 18, 2016 Markets spent much of October preoccupied by politics. Trump was seemingly thrown a lifeline with the FBI reopening its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private emails."
p4
aS"Private investor's diary: Onwards and upwards Investors Chronicle - Jan 13, 2017 Despite the poor performance, I quite enjoyed last year. Equity markets suffered the worst start to the year on record. The FTSE All-Share index and the S&amp;P 500 both lost 9 per cent during the first six weeks of 2016, culminating in one City economist ..."
p5
aS'Emerging markets  time for investors to look again? Financial Times - Aug 4, 2016 My sense is that the rates hike cycle will be limited and the dollar will weaken. Also the developed ... That favours another London-listed investment trust, India Capital growth fund, led by an Anglo-Indian team at Ocean Dial with an excellent record ...'
p6
aS'True North invests $200 million in KIMS Hospital Livemint - 1 hour ago True North  will buy about 40% stake in KIMS held by existing investorsAscent Capital Advisors India Pvt. Ltd &amp; OrbiMed Advisors Llcand do a primary capital infusion to fund its growth plans across India and the ...'
p7
aS'Net Asset Value Daily Estimate London South East   - Nov 29, 2016 The Company announces its Net Asset Value per ordinary share as at 28 November 2016 was estimated to be 88.46 pence. This estimated daily NAV is provided by the Investment Manager of the Company and is, by its nature, based on incomplete and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Investing in a Trumpian world of uncertainty Financial Times - Dec 7, 2016 It's been a funny old year. Expectations have been confounded at every turn, not least by Brexit and Donald Trump. Personally, I think the advent of President Trump is a disaster over the long run, but for now US equity investors have taken the rise of ..."
p9
aS'Carlyle raising $1 bn in new growth fund focused on India and China VCCircle - Mar 11, 2017 Global private equity firm Carlyle is raising $1 billion under its new Asian growth fund largely focused on investing in India and China. The PE firm has roped in International Finance Corp  as one of its Limited Partners  with the private ...'
p10
a.