(lp0
S'Price Objective Update on Information Services Group, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 13 hours ago Using data provided from various analysts, shares of Information Services Group, Inc.  are presently listed with an ABR of 1. This number is using a recommendation scale where the ratings range from a 1 to a 5. Following this scale, a 1 ...'
p1
aS'ALJ Regional Holdings Inc versus Information Services Group Inc Head to Head ... CML News - 17 hours ago ALJ Regional Holdings Inc has a higher fundamental rating than Information Services Group Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p2
aS'Information Services Group To Announce Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 ... PR Newswire  - Feb 6, 2017 STAMFORD, Conn., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Information Services Group, Inc.  , a leading technology insights, market intelligence and advisory services company, confirmed today that it will release its fourth quarter and full year ...'
p3
aS'Information Services Group, Inc.  Downgraded to D at TheStreet The Cerbat Gem - 10 hours ago Information Services Group, Inc. logo TheStreet downgraded shares of Information Services Group, Inc.  from a c- rating to a d rating in a research report released on Friday morning.Information Services Group, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks ... - Sports PerspectivesThe Way Wall Street Experts See Information Services Group, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p4
aS'Why to Keeping Eye on Select Comfort Corporation , Information Services ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 Information Services Group, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $3.09, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.18, compared to an industry average at 2.76.'
p5
aS'Information Services Group  Announces Transformational Merger with ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 1, 2016 Information Services Group, Inc.   today announced the acquisition of Alsbridge Holdings, Inc. , a U.S.'
p6
aS'Information Services Group Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 23 Equities.com - Mar 23, 2017 Information Services Group Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 23, as the stock gained 4.75% to close at $3.09.Analyst Views And Outlook On Two Stocks: Information Services Group, Inc. (III ... - Post AnalystInformation Services Group, Inc.  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'Information Services Group Inc versus ModusLink Global Solutions Inc Head to ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Information Services Group Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then ModusLink Global Solutions Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p8
aS"Significant Buzzer of Recent Trading Period: Information Services Group, Inc ... Is stories - Mar 27, 2017 Information Services Group, Inc.'s  witnessed no change 0.00% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 3.09."
p9
aS'Information Services Group Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on March 22 ... Equities.com - Mar 22, 2017 Shares of Information Services Group Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.'
p10
a.