(lp0
S"Ingram Micro Enters Into Agreement To Be Acquired By Tianjin Tianhai To Become ... PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2016 IRVINE, Calif., Feb. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Ingram Micro Inc.  and Tianjin Tianhai Investment Company, Ltd.   today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger&nbsp;...Ingram Micro to Be Bought by Tianjin Tianhai for $6 Billion - BloombergChina's HNA Group to buy Ingram Micro for $6 billion - Reuters"
p1
aS'Ingram Micro Commerce &amp; Fulfillment Named a Multichannel Merchant Top 3PL for 2017 Marketwired  - Mar 27, 2017 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Commerce &amp; Fulfillment, a strategic business unit of Ingram Micro Inc., today announced it has been named a Top 3PL for 2017 by Multichannel Merchant. Each year, the editors of Multichannel&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Ingram Micro , HNA Group Announce Completion of Merger StreetInsider.com - Dec 6, 2016 Ingram Micro Inc.  and HNA Group announced that they have completed the previously announced transaction, under which Tianjin Tianhai Investment Company, Ltd.HNA seals $6b deal for Ingram Micro - China DailyIngram Micro's $6 billion merger closes - OCRegister"
p3
aS"Ingram Micro's Vertical Blueprints Simplify Success for Channel Partners Marketwired  - Mar 15, 2017 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Inc. today announced its Vertical Live Expo is interacting with more than 2,200 channel partners across the United States and recently launched four new Technology Solution Blueprints proven to&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Tianjin Tianhai Delays Stockholder Vote on Ingram Micro Deal Wall Street Journal - Jul 20, 2016 The Shanghai Stock Exchange asked for more details about Tianjin Tianhai Investment Co. Ltd's pending $6 billion acquisition of Ingram Micro Inc., causing the Chinese buyer to delay a shareholder meeting to approve the deal. The exchange on July 15 ..."
p5
aS'Ingram Micro Announces Extension of End Date of Merger Agreement With Tianjin ... Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2016 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Inc.  today announced that the End Date by which the acquisition of Ingram Micro by Tianjin Tianhai Investment Company, Ltd.'
p6
aS"Ingram Micro to Serve as a Key Dell EMC Distribution Partner Marketwired  - Feb 9, 2017 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Inc. today announced it was named a key 2017 Dell EMC Distribution Partner in the U.S.. The expanded relationship builds on Ingram Micro's current relationship with Dell EMC and enables it to sell&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Ingram Micro Commerce &amp; Fulfillment Achieves Projected Holiday Volume ... Marketwired  - Jan 26, 2017 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Commerce &amp; Fulfillment, a strategic business unit of Ingram Micro Inc., achieved growth results that align with Forrester's pre-Holiday projection of a 13% increase in orders for holiday 2016 ..."
p8
aS"Ingram Micro Welcomes 1600+ to Buffalo, NY for Annual Sales Kickoff and ... Marketwired  - Jan 31, 2017 BUFFALO, NY-- - This week Ingram Micro Inc. is hosting its annual U.S. Sales Kickoff and President's Club event at the Buffalo Convention Center and Hyatt Regency in downtown Buffalo, N.Y."
p9
aS'Ingram Micro To Submit $6 Billion Tianjin Tianhai Deal for CFIUS Review Wall Street Journal  - Jul 21, 2016 Technology distributor Ingram Micro Inc., on Thursday said it would submit its pending $6 billion acquisition by Chinese shipping company Tianjin Tianhai Investment Co.Ingram Sale Hits Bump - Orange County Business Journal'
p10
a.