(lp0
S'Stock Alert: Ingles Markets, Incorporated Stock Volatility Hits A Lowered Level CML News - 20 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Ingles Markets, Incorporated  has seen its stock price move at a weakened level.'
p1
aS"Ingles Markets Is Still Cheap - But It's Still Unclear When The Company Will ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2017 Even a cursory look at the U.S. grocery space would suggest that Ingles Markets  is a likely acquisition target.James Investment Research Inc. Buys 5095 Shares of Ingles Markets ... - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS'Ingles Markets, Incorporated  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.17 Chaffey Breeze - 16 hours ago Ingles Markets, logo Ingles Markets, Incorporated  declared a quarterly dividend on Monday, March 27th.'
p3
aS'Ingles Markets Has A Bright Future Ahead Seeking Alpha  - Mar 9, 2015 While Ingles has lately been closing supermarkets, it is opening gasoline stations and pharmacies for which demand is forecast to be robust in 2015.'
p4
aS'Ingles Markets, Incorporated Reports Sales and Net Income for First Quarter ... Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2017 ASHEVILLE, N.C.----Ingles Markets, Incorporated  today reported higher sales and net income for the three months ended December 24, 2016, compared with the three months ended December 26, 2015.Ingles boosts sales, earnings in Q1 - Supermarket News'
p5
aS"Ingles Markets, Incorporated Announces Executive Changes Business Wire  - Mar 25, 2016 ASHEVILLE, N.C.----Ingles Markets, Incorporated  announced that effective today, Robert P. Ingle, II and the Company's Board of Directors appointed Jim Lanning as CEO/President of Ingles Markets, Inc. Mr. Lanning will&nbsp;...Lanning named Ingles president and CEO - Asheville Citizen-TimesIngles Names New CEO/President - Progressive Grocer"
p6
aS"Quick Look at Shareholder Yield For Ingles Markets, Incorporated  TCT - 5 hours ago The EBITDA Yield for Ingles Markets, Incorporated  is 13.26%. The EBITDA Yield is a great way to determine a company's profitability."
p7
aS'Ingles Markets, Incorporated Price Volatility Hits A Weakened Level CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Ingles Markets, Incorporated  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility ...'
p8
aS'Ingles Markets, Incorporated  Given Average Recommendation of Strong ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Ingles Markets, logo Shares of Ingles Markets, Incorporated  have been assigned an average broker rating score of 1.00  from the one analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p9
aS'The Two Sigma Investments LP Invests $1381000 in Ingles Markets, Incorporated ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Two Sigma Investments LP purchased a new position in shares of Ingles Markets, Incorporated  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p10
a.