(lp0
S"Why Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc. Is Being Obliterated Today Motley Fool - Jun 14, 2016 So what: Infinity Pharmaceuticals released data from its phase 2 monotherapy study of duvelisib, the company's investigational compound being researched as a possible treatment for non-Hodgkin lymphoma.Infinity Reports Topline Results From DYNAMO, A Phase 2 Monotherapy Study Of ... - PR Newswire Infinity Pharma At Risk Of AbbVie 'Walking Away' - Benzinga"
p1
aS'Infinity Pharma cuts 100 jobs after AbbVie deal is terminated The Boston Globe - Jun 28, 2016 Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc. said Tuesday it will cut 100 jobs and give retention bonuses to remaining employees - including a total of almost $1 million to four top executives - in a bid to continue developing its experimental treatment for blood ...Infinity Regains Worldwide Rights To Duvelisib Following Mutual Agreement With ... - PR Newswire AbbVie scraps Infinity collab in wake of weak data; biotech slashes jobs - FierceBiotech'
p2
aS'Are Options Traders Betting on a Big Move in Infinity Pharmaceuticals (INFI ... Nasdaq - 19 hours ago Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for Infinity Pharmaceuticals shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company? Currently, Infinity Pharmaceuticals is a Zacks Rank #1  in the Medical - Drugs industry that ranks ...'
p3
aS'Infinity Pharma Surges On Latest Cancer Drug Hope Seeking Alpha - Jan 25, 2017 Infinity Pharma  has seen its stock price shoot up in recent days due to promising preclinical data on its IPI-549 cancer drug.'
p4
aS'Infinity Announces Organizational Changes PR Newswire  - Jan 4, 2017 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced that Lawrence Bloch, M.D.Infinity Pharma R&amp;D Chief Adams Retires Amid Restructuring, Job Cuts - Xconomy'
p5
aS"3 Reasons Why Infinity Pharmaceuticals  is a Great Momentum Stock Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 This method discovered several great candidates for momentum-oriented investors, but today let's focus in on Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. INFI as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous ways in which this ...Infinity Pharma Focuses on Cancer Drug: Competition Looms - Zacks.comInfinity Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Plunges 5.35% on March 20 - Equities.com"
p6
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Axion Power International, Inc. (AXPW ... StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $3.39, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.02, compared to an industry average at 9.86.Stock to Track: Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s  - Is stories"
p7
aS'Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Soars 5.08% on March 15 Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc.  had a good day on the market for Wednesday March 15 as shares jumped 5.08% to close at $3.10.Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Updates Phase I Trial Report - StockNewsUnion'
p8
aS'Infinity Pharmaceuticals  Catches Eye: Stock Up 13.5% Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. INFI was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise almost 7% on the day.Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Plunges 5.65% on March 03 - Equities.comWhy did Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Gain +20%? - StockNewsUnion'
p9
aS"CTI BioPharma Corp. versus Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 These companies have the same star rating so the head-to-head compare will rely on a deep dive into specific metric comparisons. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition. The rating is&nbsp;..."
p10
a.