(lp0
S'Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal Bloomberg - Aug 31, 2016 Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., the maker of call-center software, has agreed to buy Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. in a deal valued at about $1.4 billion. Genesys will pay Interactive Intelligence holders $60.50 a share in cash, the&nbsp;...Competitor snaps up Interactive Intelligence in $1.4B deal - Indianapolis Business Journal'
p1
aS"Cloud Growth Drove Interactive Intelligence Group Inc.'s Q2 Results Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 According to founder and CEO Dr. Donald Brown, one number defined Interactive Intelligence's  second-quarter results."
p2
aS'Danger Zone: Interactive Intelligence Group Inc  ValueWalk - Jun 14, 2016 With the growth in services and applications moving to the cloud, investors have been quick to buy the stocks of companies that offer cloud-based products, often times regardless of valuation.'
p3
aS'Interactive Intelligence in merger talks with Genesys, sources say Indianapolis Business Journal - Aug 9, 2016 Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., the maker of call-center software, is in early talks to acquire Indianapolis-based competitor Interactive Intelligence Group Inc., people with knowledge of the matter said. Genesys, which received a $900 ...'
p4
aS'US-based Interactive Intelligence buys Indian SaaS firm Customer360 VCCircle - Dec 10, 2015 Contact center solutions provider Interactive Intelligence Group Inc has acquired Mumbai-based SaaS firm Customer360 for an undisclosed amount.US Based Interactive Intelligence Acquires Mumbai Based Customer360 - Inc42 Magazine  '
p5
aS'Interactive Intelligence shares soar after Reuters report Indianapolis Business Journal - Jul 29, 2016 Shares in Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. jumped nearly 20 percent Friday after Reuters reported that the Indianapolis-based software firm was exploring strategic alternatives, including a potential sale.'
p6
aS"Why Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. Soared Today Motley Fool - Feb 2, 2016 What: Shares of cloud software and services provider Interactive Intelligence Group  soared on Tuesday following the company's fourth-quarter earnings report. Interactive Intelligence beat analyst estimates for both revenue and earnings,&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Merger dance between Interactive Intelligence, suitor started in 2012 Indianapolis Business Journal - Sep 21, 2016 Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. and its soon-to-be acquirer, Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., had been feeling each other out and chewing over offers since 2012, with Genesys pitching escalating buyouts at $38 a share, $47 a share and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Interactive Intelligence Posts Solid Results As Genesys Buyout Looms Motley Fool - Nov 6, 2016 Dealing with quarterly results is always awkward after a company received a buyout offer, and cloud-computing company Interactive Intelligence  is in that position following the $1.4 billion acquisition offer it received from Genesys in ...'
p9
aS'Inter Industries Ltd. MarketWatch - Dec 22, 2009 Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up of low-cost buy-and-hold index funds.  How to create your own Lazy Portfolio.'
p10
a.