(lp0
S"BRIEF-Intersections Inc reports Q4 2016 results Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Intersections Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Results And Announces Year-End ... Business Wire  - Mar 27, 2017 Not only do these acquisitions change the competitive landscape for us, they also demonstrate the potential value that Intersections Inc. can create with a focused growth business in the Identity Theft Monitoring space. The two acquisitions leave ...'
p2
aS'Intersections Inc. Adds Melvin R. Seiler to its Board PR Newswire  - Feb 13, 2017 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Intersections Inc. , a leading provider of identity risk management and privacy protection services for consumers, today announced that Melvin R. Seiler has been appointed to its Board of Directors effective ...Intersections  Names Melvin Seiler to Board of Directors - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS'Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. And Intersections Inc. Announce Expansion Of ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 CHANTILLY, Va., Feb. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Intersections Inc. , a leading provider of identity risk management and privacy protection services for consumers, announces an expanded partnership with Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.  for&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Intersections Inc. Adds John H. Lewis to Its Board PR Newswire  - Oct 15, 2015 CHANTILLY, Va., Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Intersections Inc. , a leading provider of identity risk management, privacy protection and other subscription based services for consumers, today announced that John H. Lewis, the Founder&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Price Alert: Intersections Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - 19 hours ago Price Alert: Intersections Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p6
aS"Identity Guard by Intersections Inc. Launches Privacy Now, The First IBM ... PR Newswire  - Oct 24, 2016 &quot;We are extremely proud to partner with IBM for the development of Privacy Now,&quot; said Johan Roets, Identity Guard President and COO of Intersections. &quot;By leveraging Watson's cognitive computing technology with proprietary technologies by Privacy&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Are Intersections Inc's  Interest Costs Too High? Simply Wall St - Mar 21, 2017 Intersections Inc  is a small-cap-stock with a market capitalization of USD $91 Million. While investors primarily focus on the growth potential and competitive landscape of the small-cap companies, they end up ignoring a key aspect, which&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Intersections Inc versus Pointer Telocation Ltd. Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 24, 2017 Pointer Telocation Ltd. has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Intersections Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p9
aS'Intersections Inc. Completes $20 Million Debt Financing Business Wire  - Mar 21, 2016 CHANTILLY, Va.----Intersections Inc.  today announced that it successfully completed a $20 million term loan financing with Crystal Financial LLC .'
p10
a.