(lp0
S'The Technicals For The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. , An ... NY Stock News - 19 hours ago The technicals for The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p1
aS"Interpublic Group investing toward centralized data usage Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Interpublic Group  is raising its investments in data, with an eye toward getting all its ad agencies to use centralized resources from its media agency network.Analyst's Predictions on The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. , DR ... - StockNewsJournalThe Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. declined in the Previous Trading ... - Free Observer"
p2
aS'The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  sitting close to a major ... USA Commerce Daily - 17 hours ago With all other things going on, The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 2.7 percent in just three months.'
p3
aS'Considering Earnings Growth, Is The Market Undervaluing The Interpublic Group ... Simply Wall St - Mar 18, 2017 The Interpublic Group of Companies Inc  stock appears to be trading at a sweet spot when we compare its PE ratio with the industry average.Featured Stock to See: The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  - HugoPressInterpublic Group of Companies Inc  Short Interest Update - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS"Smart Money Still Has Faith in The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late.Dawn E. Hudson Sells 12000 Shares of Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG ... - Chaffey BreezeStock Alert: The Interpublic Group of Companies Inc Price Volatility Hits An ... - CML News"
p5
aS"Technicals in Focus for The Interpublic Group of Companies  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Interpublic ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 The Wall Street Journal disclosed that the U.S. Department of Justice was investigating IPG, alleging that the Company may have steered commercial production business to their in-house production units over independent companies through false inflations.'
p7
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Interpublic ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 The Wall Street Journal revealed that the U.S. Department of Justice was investigating IPG, claiming that the Company may have directed commercial production business to their in-house production units over independent companies through false inflations.'
p8
aS'Why Is Interpublic  Up 4.1% Since the Last Earnings Report? Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.   .'
p9
aS'In Good Financial Health?  The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (IPG ... USA Commerce Daily - Mar 27, 2017 Shares of The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  observed rebound of 15.71% since bottoming out at $21.65 on Mar. 28, 2016.'
p10
a.