(lp0
S'An intrinsic value calculation for Impax Laboratories Inc  shows its 45 ... Simply Wall St - Mar 28, 2017 I am going to run you through how I calculated the intrinsic value of Impax Laboratories  by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.Impax Laboratories Inc.  Is Up Sharply After New CEO Named - NasdaqImpax Laboratories Inc.  Jumped After New CEO Appointed - RTT News'
p1
aS'Impax Laboratories, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - 17 hours ago On March 27, 2017, Impax Laboratories, Inc.  entered into Amendment No. 1 by and among the Company, Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent for the lender parties and the lenders party thereto  to that certain&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"DuPont, Impax Labs gain, G-III Apparel slides SFGate - Mar 27, 2017 NEW YORK  - Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Monday: DuPont Inc., up 98 cents to $80.58. Regulators in the European Union approved the chemical company's combination with Dow Chemical."
p3
aS"The Charts For Impax Laboratories, Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes Today NY Stock News - 12 hours ago Impax Laboratories, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p4
aS'Cellect Biotechnology and Impax Laboratories Post Solid Gains Yahoo Finance - 23 hours ago NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / March 28, 2017 / Two biotech sector stocks made splashes of a different kind on Monday. Cellect had reported a very successfully performed stem cell transplant on first patient in a Phase I/II, proof of concept study, while&nbsp;...Top Gainers: Impax Laboratories, Inc. , Cellect Biotechnology Ltd ... - Benchmark Monitor15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Monday - Benzinga'
p5
aS'Depomed Inc versus Impax Laboratories Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 16 hours ago Impax Laboratories Inc has a higher fundamental rating then Depomed Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p6
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Impax Laboratories, Inc., 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017 Impax Laboratories, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p7
aS'Impax Laboratories, Inc. : Ignore the noise and focus on the technicals USA Commerce Daily - 12 hours ago With all other things going on, Impax Laboratories, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -6.27 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS'Exclusive: Impax Laboratories taps Morgan Stanley for strategic review - sources Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 Generic drugmaker Impax Laboratories Inc  has asked investment bank Morgan Stanley  to help it conduct a strategic review, as it tries to cope with a tougher drug pricing environment, people familiar with the matter said.Impax Laboratories Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 06 - Equities.comWeatherford International, Impax Laboratories, Cytokinetics Upgraded - Schaeffers Research '
p9
aS"Analysts Near-Term outlook: Delcath Systems, Inc. , Impax Laboratories ... The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 Shares of Delcath Systems, Inc.  surged 1.12% to $0.09. During the trading on 03/24/2017, Company's stock ranged from $0.09 to $0.08."
p10
a.