(lp0
S'Gartner, Inc.  to Acquire L2; Terms Not Disclosed StreetInsider.com - Mar 6, 2017 Gartner, Inc.  entered into an agreement to acquire L2, Inc., a privately-held Delaware corporation  that benchmarks the digital performance of brands.'
p1
aS'Gartner Inc  Given Average Rating of Buy by Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - 14 hours ago Gartner logo Shares of Gartner Inc  have been assigned an average recommendation of Buy from the nine research firms that are currently covering the stock.Gartner Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research - Community Financial NewsGartner Inc  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - BBNS'
p2
aS'Institutions Attracted to This Stock; Holding Majority of Shares: Gartner, Inc ... Midway Monitor - 11 hours ago Based on the lastest quarterly filings, institutions continue to be large stakeholders in Gartner, Inc. . The big banks are holding 92.20% of the shares while company insiders are clinging to 3.10%.'
p3
aS'Gartner, Inc. to create 600 new jobs in Lee County Fox 4 - Mar 7, 2017 LEE COUNTY, Fla. -- A major corporation is creating hundreds of new jobs in Lee County. Florida Governor Rick Scott announced Monday that Gartner, Inc. will expand in the county, and add 600 new jobs in the process. The technology company will also&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Gartner Inc. Expands Fort Myers, Florida Operations Center Area Development Online - Mar 8, 2017 Michelle Dennard, CareerSource Florida President &amp; CEO said, CareerSource Florida is pleased to have assisted Gartner, Inc., with employee skills training through a Quick Response Training grant. The CareerSource Florida network stands ready to help&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Moody's assigns Ba2 CFR to Gartner; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Mar 7, 2017 New York, March 06, 2017 -- Moody's Investors Service  assigned a Ba2 Corporate Family Rating  and a Ba2-PD Probability of Default Rating to Gartner, Inc.  upon the announcement of the financing for the acquisition of&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Stock Target Review on Gartner, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 15 hours ago Wall Street sell-side analysts have given shares of Gartner, Inc.  a near-term target price of $108.75. This is the consensus number provided by analysts used by Zacks Research.'
p7
aS'Gartner Inc.: Gartner Says CIOs in Southeast Asia Must Balance High ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 22, 2017 CIOs in the Southeast Asia  region - including Malaysia, Vietnam, Singapore, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia and Myanmar - are expected to perform like global leaders, but within the constraints of moderate increases in IT spending, according ...'
p8
aS'Option Trading: Gartner Inc  Powerful Short Put Spreads to Outperform ... CML News - 18 hours ago We find a very powerful outcome examining short put spreads for Gartner Inc when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p9
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Gartner, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 24, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Gartner, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.