(lp0
S'Why Is Jack In The Box  Up 2.9% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - 19 hours ago A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Jack In The Box Inc. JACK . Shares have added about 2.9% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Near-Term Price Target Update on Jack In The Box Inc.  - Aiken AdvocateJack in the Box Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'Baird Makes The Case Why Jack In The Box Should Sell Qdoba Benzinga - Mar 8, 2017 Baird said Jack in the Box Inc.  could sell Qdoba business, which might yield cash proceeds near $400 million and would command a valuation above the current level for the combined business.Baird suggests setting Qdoba free - Seeking AlphaJack in the Box Inc.  Receives Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'Is It Time to go for Jack in the Box Inc. , First American Financial ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p3
aS'Jack In The Box: What Now? Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 It plans to add 20-25 new JIB units, mostly franchised and 50-60 Qdoba units . The guidance assumes cap ex of about $100M, a tax rate of 38% to 39%, and share repurchases of about $408M.'
p4
aS'What Analysts are Predicting For Jack in the Box Inc. , Tanger Factory ... The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago Presently Jack in the Box Inc.  stock have an ABR of 1.70. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.'
p5
aS'Jack in the Box Inc. to Present at Investment Conferences in March Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 To access the live webcasts through the internet, log onto the Jack in the Box Inc. investors page at http://investors.jackinthebox.Revenue Update on Jack in the Box - Energy IndexOppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Jack In The Box ... - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS'Why Jack in the Box  Could Be Positioned for a Slump Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Jack in the Box Inc. JACK, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p7
aS'Three Indianapolis area Jack-in-the-Box restaurants close WRTV Indianapolis - 3 hours ago INDIANAPOLIS -- Jack-in-the-Box closed three of their Indianapolis area restaurants just five years after they began expanding into the area.'
p8
aS"Stock Returns: Jack in the Box Inc  versus The Wendy's Company ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Jack in the Box Inc  versus The Wendy's Company  ."
p9
aS'Stock Alert: Jack in the Box Inc Stock Volatility Hits A Plunging Low CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Jack in the Box Inc  has seen its stock price move at a tumbling low level.'
p10
a.