(lp0
S'Better Buy: JC Penney Company, Inc. vs. Amazon Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 Perhaps no two companies exemplify the polar ends of the retail sector today better than J.C. Penney  and Amazon.com . J.C. Penney is one of several ailing department chains that is still struggling to turn a profit despite years ...JC Penney  Down 18.8% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? - Zacks.comChecking the Overall Picture for JC Penney Company, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS'JC Penney appears to be on its last legs. Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Both The Dot-com bubble and the Great Recession hurt the company significantly. Yahoo Finance having them on the NYSE being at an all-time high of $76 a share in March of 1998 then falling to $9.19 by November of 2000.Is JC Penney Company Inc  A Financially Sound Company? - Simply Wall St'
p2
aS"Better Buy: JC Penney Company Inc vs. Kohl's Corporation Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 While Kohl's is in a stronger position than J.C. Penney as the company has been consistently profitable, Kohl's is still facing the same headwinds.JC Penney  Tops Q4 Earnings, Unveils Strategic Plans - Zacks.comMonday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc.  and JC Penney ... - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"The full list of 138 JC Penney stores closing around the US The Boston Globe - Mar 17, 2017 J.C. Penney stores closing Below is a list of the 138 J.C. Penney stores that are slated to close. The company said that about 5,000 positions nationwide will be affected by the closures, most of which will occur in June.Sequim JC Penney's doors to stay open - Peninsula Daily NewsJC Penney to close downtown Pendleton store - East Oregonian "
p4
aS'JC Penney: Grinding Out Value Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Comparable store sales were flat in 2016 and guidance is currently for more of the same in 2017. J.C. Penney can add value to its shares through maintaining near $1 billion EBITDA and reducing debt by a couple hundred million per year.JC Penney launching Home Services to capitalize on housing market, lower ... - MarketWatchJC Penney Company Inc  Unveils Home Services Expansion Plan - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS"The Bears And Bulls Square Off On JC Penney Company, Inc.  NY Stock News - 13 hours ago C. Penney Company, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS"Short JC Penney Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 J.C. Penney still manages to generate a tremendous amount of revenue. But retail is a low margin business, and the company's meager EBITDA better reflects its value. J.C. Penney is still expensive on the EV/EBITDA metric, and this is because of its ..."
p7
aS'JC Penney Company, Inc. : Some of the key technical areas USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago With all other things going on, J. C. Penney Company, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -34.7 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS'JC Penney Company Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for J. C. Penney Company Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.'
p9
aS'Why Frontier Communications Corp , JC Penney Company Inc  and United ... Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 With a key interest rate decision from the Federal Reserve only two days away, traders were content to do very little to get the new trading week going.'
p10
a.