(lp0
S"Krispy Kreme dish out thousands of free doughnuts in Teesside ahead of store ... Gazette Live - Mar 25, 2017 ... a store in the shopping centre in April . On offer will be Krispy Kreme's signature Original Glazed doughnut plus 16 other doughnut varieties - including the Nutty Chocolatta doughnut and the Reese's Peanut Butter doughnut.Krispy Kreme Opens Its 1000th  Shop in Peru - EPR Retail News "
p1
aS'Pizza Hut and Krispy Kreme donuts could soon be on offer at Devon cinemas Devon Live - Mar 24, 2017 Devon cinema-goers could soon be enjoying pizza, donuts and pies with their favourite films after the launch of a south west trial.'
p2
aS"Krispy Kreme to give out thousands of free doughnuts in Teesside this weekend Gazette Live - Mar 23, 2017 Krispy Kreme will be giving out free doughnuts to lucky shoppers in Middlesbrough this weekend. The famous American doughnut company will be dishing out thousands of its famous sweet treats in 'secret' locations in the town on Saturday and Sunday - but&nbsp;...Krispy Kreme's Angel Grove store threatened in augmented reality Power Rangers ... - The DrumKrispy Kreme Doughnuts Opens 1000th International Shop in Peru - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"Krispy Kreme Doughnuts to open outlet at Gracechurch Centre in Sutton Coldfield Sutton Coldfield Observer - Mar 7, 2017 Krispy Kreme, known for its array of doughnut flavours, will be opening at the town's Gracechurch Centre next week, with a kiosk next to the shopping venue's information desk.Krispy Kreme to open Sutton Coldfield store and here's how to get free doughnuts - Birmingham MailKrispy Kreme launch Power Rangers doughnuts - how to order yours now in time ... - ChronicleLive"
p4
aS'The raspberry filling in your Krispy Kreme doughnut might not actually be ... Metro - Nov 15, 2016 And the strawberries in your strawberries &amp; kreme doughnut might not actually be strawberries. Noticing a pattern yet? An awful, deeply upsetting pattern?Krispy Kreme sued over false advertising of fruit, maple doughnut ingredients - Fox NewsKrispy Kreme Has Been Lying To Us, Lawsuit Claims - BuzzFeed News'
p5
aS"Here's how to get free Krispy Kreme doughnuts in January Manchester Evening News - Jan 5, 2017 From Monday January 9 until Tuesday January 31, the company are giving away a FREE box of twelve Original Glazed Krispy Kreme doughnuts with every box of twelve assorted doughnuts bought. The deal is available in store and via click and collect online&nbsp;...How to get 12 free Krispy Kreme doughnuts this month - Liverpool EchoEnjoy free doughnuts from Krispy Kreme this January - Get Surrey"
p6
aS"Krispy Kreme Doughnuts bought by coffee giant for $1.32bn The Independent - May 9, 2016 Among JAB's most recent acquisitions are coffee companies like Peet's Coffee &amp; Tea, Stumptown Coffee Roasters, and the mainstay of single-serve office coffee, Keurig Green Mountain.Donut with your coffee? Krispy Kreme sold to Keurig and Stumptown owner - The Guardian"
p7
aS'Krispy Kreme customers shocked when giant RAT leaps through car park with a ... The Sun - Nov 29, 2016 The video, which was taken on her mobile phone, shows the rat speed under a Krispy Kreme bin. It is then seen leaping across the car park again and again with the doughnut in its mouth. Emma said: &quot;It had to jump because the doughnut was that big. It ...'
p8
aS"People have mixed feelings about Krispy Kreme's in-your-face 'Power Rangers ... CampaignLive - Mar 27, 2017 In the film, the characters don't just walk by a Krispy Kreme sign like Renee Zellweger did in &quot;Bridget Jones's Baby,&quot; and they don't simply eat a Krispy Kreme doughnut. They do both of these and more as Krispy Kreme is pivotal to the plot. Here's what&nbsp;...It's morphin' time! Krispy Kreme offers 'powerful' doughnuts - The Courier-JournalDoughnut company Krispy Kreme to visit Cairns next month - The Cairns Post"
p9
aS"How to get free Krispy Kreme doughnuts in Stoke-on-Trent Stoke Sentinel - Jan 11, 2017 Sweet treat purveyors Krispy Kreme have started dishing out deals this month and you could get your hands on free tasty treats!Long Lines, Big Appetites and a Sweet Story Mark Krispy Kreme's Homewood Debut - Patch.com"
p10
a.