(lp0
S'Multi-Color Corporation : Can the high growth still justify its March ... Simply Wall St - 8 hours ago Multi-Color Corporation  closed yesterday at $69.55, leaving some investors asking whether this price can still be justified by the high growth potential.'
p1
aS'Equity Watch for Multi-Color Corporation  Rives Journal - 6 hours ago Multi-Color Corporation  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.184629. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p2
aS"Multi-Color Corp: Labels Are A Good Niche For Many Years Of Roll-Ups Seeking Alpha  - Oct 8, 2014 Multi-Color Corp  is one of the world's largest manufacturers of &quot;high quality pressure sensitive, in-mold and heat transfer labels, and a major manufacturer of glue-applied an shrink sleeve labels."
p3
aS'Investor Focus: Watching Shares of Multi-Color Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Many investors may have to work through multiple trading strategies to find one that works for them. Some individuals may be looking to monitor stock price momentum by looking at different historical data.'
p4
aS'What is the intrinsic value of Multi-Color Corporation  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 In this article I am going to calculate the intrinsic value of Multi-Color  by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p5
aS"Multi-Color Corp. LABL  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p6
aS'Multi-Color Corp.  Updates on Recent Acquisitions, Start-Ups StreetInsider.com - May 4, 2015 Multi-Color Corp.  is pleased to announce the following acquisitions and start up. France Wine and Spirit Labels.'
p7
aS"Ennis Inc versus Multi-Color Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Multi-Color Corporation has a higher fundamental rating then Ennis Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p8
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Multi-Color Corporation  Fiscal Standard - Mar 28, 2017 Stock market analysts and brokers have recently amended their target prices on shares of Multi-Color Corporation .Multi-Color Co.  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports PerspectivesMulti-Color Co.  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by Analysts - Chaffey Breeze'
p9
aS"Multi-Color Corporation Invests $13 Million To Expand Its Scottsburg, Indiana ... Area Development Online - Jan 30, 2015 Indiana and the city of Scottsburg have always been strategic partners of Multi-Color's, said Lesha Spahr, Global Vice President of Human Resources at Multi-Color. Our continued investment in our Scottsburg facility is a result of our committed ...Multi-Color expands operations in Scottsburg - Louisville Business FirstLabel maker to add 150 jobs in Scott County - The Courier-Journal"
p10
a.