(lp0
S"Lookout for Price Target? Apollo Investment Corporation , Lannett ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Lannett Company, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.53, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p1
aS"Why Lannett Company, Inc. Shares Got Pummeled Today Motley Fool - Oct 17, 2016 Lannett Company, Inc.  ended the day down almost 13% after the Food and Drug Administration proposed withdrawing a generic version of Johnson &amp; Johnson's  Concerta sold by Lannett's subsidiary Kremers Urban Pharmaceuticals."
p2
aS'Why Lannett Company, Inc. Jumped Higher Today Motley Fool - Aug 24, 2016 What: Shares of Lannett Company  are up 14% at 12:54 p.m. EDT Wednesday after reporting solid fiscal fourth quarter earnings and guidance for its next fiscal year after the bell on Tuesday.Stock Earnings under Review: Lannett Company, Inc.  - Post Registrar'
p3
aS"Analyst's Proposition on Lannett Company, Inc. , The Manitowoc Company ... The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago Presently Lannett Company, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 2.00. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell."
p4
aS'Lannett Company, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Chaffey Breeze - Mar 27, 2017 Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Lannett Company, Inc.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Friday morning.Lannett Announces Passing Of Former Chairman And Chief Executive Officer ... - PR Newswire Lannett Co Inc  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS"Lannett Company, Inc. Stock Gained 25.2% Last Month: Here's Why Motley Fool - Aug 7, 2016 What: Shares of Lannett Company, Inc. , a midsized generic drugmaker, packed on 25.2% last month, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence."
p6
aS'Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Acquires 3142 Shares of Lannett Company, Inc ... The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Lannett Company logo Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Lannett Company, Inc.  by 39.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Lannett Co Inc  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p7
aS'Lannett Voluntarily Pays Down $75 Million Of Revolving Credit Facility PR Newswire  - Jan 23, 2017 PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lannett Company, Inc.  today announced that the company voluntarily made a $75 million payment against its existing revolving credit facility.'
p8
aS'Sell-side Target Update on Lannett Co Inc  Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Sell-side equity research analysts have handed shares of Lannett Co Inc  a short term price target of $30.25. Based on the 4 firms providing predictions, this is the mean, or consensus number according to Zacks Research.'
p9
aS'Why Investors remained confident on Lannett Company, Inc. , Inotek ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 22, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p10
a.