(lp0
S'Institutional Ownership Update on Littelfuse, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Based on the lastest quarterly filings, institutions continue to be large stakeholders in Littelfuse, Inc. .'
p1
aS'Company in Focus: Littelfuse, Inc.  Rives Journal - 8 hours ago Littelfuse, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.285353. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p2
aS'Littelfuse, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - 23 hours ago Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of Littelfuse, Inc. . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 2 brokers have issued a rating ...Littelfuse, Inc.  Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS'Following the Numbers for Littelfuse Inc  Midway Monitor - 15 hours ago Investors may want to examine some technical indicators when studying a stock. Currently, the 14-day Commodity Channel Index  for Littelfuse Inc  is sitting at -0.58. CCI is an indicator used in technical analysis that was designed by Donald&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Littelfuse,Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 Littelfuse, Inc. is a supplier of circuit protection products for the electronics, automotive and electrical industries.Littelfuse, Inc.  Shares Bought by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY - The Cerbat GemThe Keybank National Association OH Sells 4400 Shares of Littelfuse, Inc.  - DailyQuint'
p5
aS'Why Shares of Littelfuse Inc. Jumped 12% in February Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2016 What: Shares of Littelfuse , a supplier of circuit protection products, surged 11.5% during February, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p6
aS'Traders Take Note: Littelfuse Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Take Note: Littelfuse Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Littelfuse Announces CEO Succession Business Wire  - Nov 16, 2016 CHICAGO----Littelfuse, Inc.  today announced that Gordon Hunter, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, will transition to the role of Executive Chairman, effective January 1, 2017.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Knowles Corporation  is Beating Littelfuse Inc (NASDAQ ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Knowles Corporation  versus Littelfuse Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Littelfuse Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Littelfuse Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 0.04% to close at $161.60. On the day, Littelfuse Inc. saw 277,865 shares trade hands on 2,557 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume of 114 ...Littelfuse, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Buy from Analysts - The Cerbat GemLittelfuse, Inc.  Analyst Rating Revised To 2.38 - Investor Newswire'
p10
a.