(lp0
S"Did Starr Peak Exploration Ltd  Create Value For Shareholders Over ... Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 Starr Peak Exploration Ltd  generated a 16.7% ROE in the last year, compared to its industry's 18.14% ROE. But the profitability ratio, often called 'the mother of all ratios', reflects a company's performance both on its income statement and ..."
p1
aS'Lucky strike eludes colourful BC stock promoter Business in Vancouver - Jul 31, 2015 The newly renamed company, Starr Peak Exploration Ltd. , is focused on the El Toro copper-molybdenum-silver property in the Smithers, B.C.'
p2
aS'Barkerville Gold founder fined, put in penalty box Business in Vancouver - Oct 27, 2015 One other company Callaghan founded is Starr Peak Exploration Ltd.  - formerly Lions Gate Energy - which is focused on the El Toro copper-molybdenum-silver property in the Smithers, B.C.'
p3
aS"Controversial lawyer Ken Starr who launched the impeachment of Clinton and ... Daily Mail - Feb 10, 2017 Former Baylor President Ken Starr - who left the school amid a massive sexual assault scandal - is reportedly on President Donald Trump's shortlist of potential leaders for his administration's Office of Religious Freedom."
p4
aS"Labour suspends member from the party after she posted about her love of the ... Daily Mail - Aug 26, 2016 Catherine Starr, a supporter of Jeremy Corbyn, was shocked to receive a letter from the party's General Secretary Iain McNicol telling her that following a vetting procedure she was being refused full membership as she had 'shared inappropriate content ..."
p5
aS"'The Young Pope,' 'Twin Peaks' and more 'Star Wars': 2017 Movie and Television ... Los Angeles Times - Jan 13, 2017 Written and directed by Paolo Sorrentino, the 10-episode limited series defies easy categorization, even if its seemingly straightforward title has already inspired a popular Twitter meme."
p6
aS"End of the paper train ticket as railways 'go paperless' Telegraph.co.uk - Dec 30, 2015 &quot;We are in the early stages of exploring how passengers could pay for and store tickets on their contactless credit or debit cards as part of our wider aim to improve the experience of rail passengers and move towards smarter types of ticket."
p7
aS"1966 could be rock 'n' roll's most revolutionary year, thanks to the Beatles ... Los Angeles Times - Aug 12, 2016 That was the year that rock 'n' roll morphed into rock, the year that the 45 rpm single yielded to the 33 1/3 rpm long-playing album as the dominant medium for the music and the year that social and political issues became a regular topic of ..."
p8
aS"40 Years Ago: The Eagles Reach a Pinnacle Exploring Paradise Lost on 'Hotel ... Ultimate Classic Rock - Dec 8, 2016 There were powerful forces at play, including - but not limited to - stardom, cocaine, egos, love lives and a small fortune."
p9
aS"'Silicon Valley,' HBO Los Angeles Times - Jan 14, 2017 Written and directed by Paolo Sorrentino, the 10-episode limited series defies easy categorization, even if its seemingly straightforward title has already inspired a popular Twitter meme."
p10
a.