(lp0
S'Legacy Reserves - One Of My Favorite Prospects Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Shares of Legacy have been hit pretty hard lately, driven by a drop in energy prices, but is this all justified? Certainly, any drop in energy prices is bad for the company but its cash flow this year and next should be quite strong according to my ...'
p1
aS'Legacy Reserves: In Need Of Continued Joint Development Agreements Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Legacy Reserves  appears able to increase total production slightly  in 2017 as its joint venture will greatly reduce its net capital expenditure requirements.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Legacy Reserves LP  - Fiscal StandardAnalyst Hints Surrounding Legacy Reserves LP  - Post Analyst'
p2
aS'Analysts Set Legacy Reserves LP  PT at $3.78 Chaffey Breeze - 3 hours ago Legacy Reserves logo Shares of Legacy Reserves LP  have been given an average recommendation of Hold by the five ratings firms that are presently covering the company.'
p3
aS"Moody's Changes Legacy Reserves' PDR to Caa3-PD/LD Moodys.com   - May 5, 2016 New York, May 05, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service,  changed Legacy Reserves, LP's  Probability of Default Rating  to Caa3-PD/LD from Caa3-PD. At the same time, Moody's affirmed Legacy's Corporate Family Rating  at&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Legacy Reserves LP : Will They Hit or Miss; Earnings Estimates Yahoo News - Apr 27, 2016 MIDLAND, TX / ACCESSWIRE / April 27, 2016 / Legacy Reserves LP  is a master limited partnership headquartered in Midland, Texas, focused on the acquisition and development of oil and natural gas properties primarily located in the Permian Basin&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"I've Been Wrong About Legacy Reserves So Far Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2016 In this piece, I decided to revisit Legacy Reserves, a company I expressed some concern about in a previous article. After seeing oil prices soar and in spite of a drop in natural gas prices, the company should be cash flow positive this year if the ..."
p6
aS"Legacy Reserves' Brilliant Strategy Seeking Alpha - May 9, 2016 Shares of Legacy Reserves have been higher lately and part of this is most certainly due to management's brilliant decisions."
p7
aS'Legacy Reserves: 4 Things To Watch For Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 In this article, I decided to look at Legacy Reserves as earnings season nears and to give my thoughts on what investors should watch out for.Legacy Reserves LP  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday - Community Financial News'
p8
aS'Analysts Chime in on Two Rising Stocks: Legacy Reserves LP , NCR ... Smarter Analyst - Oct 26, 2016 While U.S. stocks fell for a second straight session on Wednesday, Legacy Reserves LP  and NCR Corporation  are up sharply today amid positive loan credit agreement and 3Q earnings report, respectively.'
p9
aS"Legacy Reserves: Making Impressive Progress Seeking Alpha - Aug 4, 2016 After the market closed on August 3rd, Legacy Reserves released financial results for the second quarter of the company's 2016 fiscal year."
p10
a.