(lp0
S'Luiri Gold mining licence reinstated in Zambia, further exploration and ... Proactive Investors Australia - Oct 16, 2011 Luiri Gold has agreed to continue project development activities and to be in a position to begin construction of a mining project prior to December 31, 2013.'
p1
aS'Alecto Minerals plots a fast track route in Africa Proactive Investors UK - Jun 10, 2016 At one time owned by Aussie miner Luiri Gold, Matala found its way into the Alecto portfolio at the end of last year. In April, Alecto announced an agreement in principle with Yantai Xinhai Machinery under the terms of which an estimated US$14.4mln in&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Luiri Gold defines maiden ore reserves at Dunrobin gold deposit in Zambia Proactive Investors Australia - Jul 12, 2013 Luiri Gold holds two mining licences in Zambia covering the historic Dunrobin and Matala gold deposits. The combined current gold resource  at the Matala and Dunrobin deposits is estimated to be 10.53 million tonnes ...'
p3
aS'CEO salary cuts reflect market conditions Business News - Jul 24, 2015 After investing in Luiri Gold, Stuart Murray has agreed to work initially at no charge on a part-time basis to identify new projects for the company.'
p4
aS'Orecorp raises $16m Business News - May 5, 2016 Junior miner Orecorp has raised $16.2 million from investors to fund development of its Nyanzaga gold project in Tanzania. The funds were raised through the placement of 60 million shares at 27 cents each to institutional and sophisticated investors.'
p5
aS"Kingston up on lithium buys Business News - May 13, 2016 ... has also announced a board shake-up that includes the departure of chairman Jonathan Davies and the addition of Andrew Corbett as managing director, who has previously served as underground manager at Northern Star Resources' Jundee gold mine,&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Empire hires NRW for Penny's Find Business News - Oct 13, 2016 The agreement with NRW now ensures the Penny's Find gold project has adequate working capital for initial mining of the open pit, Empire managing director David Sargeant said."
p7
aS'AXG Mining broadens horizons with acquisition of Zambian copper gold licences Proactive Investors Australia - Sep 20, 2012 AXG Mining plans to establish a foothold in the large copper producing region of Zambia with the acquisition of Pinto Minerals, which has the option to acquire an interest in three large prospecting licences located among several large copper mines and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Luiri Gold Limited announces appointment of managing director Reuters Key Development - May 18, 2015 '
p9
a.