(lp0
S"Archie Manning joins LHC Group as national spokesperson PR Newswire  - 12 hours ago &quot;We are thrilled to welcome Mr. Manning to our family of professional healthcare providers,&quot; said Keith Myers, LHC Group chairman and CEO. &quot;I know that Archie shares our company's core values and our focus on helping more people learn about and obtain&nbsp;...Let's Get Complex With LHC Group, Inc.  - Post AnalystBrokerages Set LHC Group, Inc.  Target Price at $52.20 - Chaffey Breeze"
p1
aS'Correction: Earns-LHC Group story Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017  -- In a story March 8 about the fourth-quarter earnings of LHC Group Inc. - generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research - The Associated Press reported erroneously that the company is an entry-level homebuilder in ...Did LHC Group Inc  Create Value For Shareholders Over The Past One Year? - Simply Wall StAnalyst Upgrades  LHC Group  Stock Gets Upgraded By RBC Capital ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'LHC Group to Present at RBC Capital Markets 2017 Healthcare Conference GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 LAFAYETTE, La., Feb. 15, 2017  -- LHC Group, Inc.  announced today that Keith G. Myers, chief executive officer of LHC Group, will present at the RBC Capital 2017 Healthcare Conference in New York on Wednesday,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'LHC Group to Acquire Halcyon Hospice GlobeNewswire  - Sep 3, 2015 LAFAYETTE, La., Sept. 3, 2015  -- LHC Group, Inc. , a national provider of comprehensive post-acute healthcare services, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Halcyon Hospice LLC&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'LHC Group and LifePoint Health to Form Joint Venture Business Wire  - Nov 2, 2016 LAFAYETTE, La. &amp; BRENTWOOD, Tenn.----LHC Group, Inc.  and LifePoint Health  today announced plans to form a joint venture to strengthen home health and hospice services across the country.LifePoint planning home health JV - Nashville Post '
p5
aS'LHC Group earns high marks in quality and patient satisfaction The Daily Advertiser - Oct 27, 2016 LHC Group, Inc., a national provider of comprehensive post-acute healthcare services, has earned 2016 HomeCare Elite rankings for 103 providers, including 179 individual locations.'
p6
aS'LHC Group Called Out for High Executive Compensation Home Health Care News - Feb 21, 2017 A news outlet fired shots against LHC Group  in a report last week, accusing the home health care provider of cronyism by stacking its compensation committee with lobbyists and approving eye-popping salary bumps for executives.'
p7
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: LHC Group Inc Price Volatility Hits A Notable High CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that LHC Group Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at a notable high level.'
p8
aS"LHC Group Announces Two Definitive Purchase Agreements for Home Health ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 7, 2016 Because each of these companies is aligned with LHC Group's focus on providing a tri-level of care to its markets, the transactions will enable the Company to acquire a number of locations providing home health, hospice or community based services.LHC Group Acquires Operations With $44 Million in Revenue - Home Health Care News"
p9
aS'LHC Group Completes Two Home Health Acquisitions in Kentucky GlobeNewswire  - Dec 3, 2015 LAFAYETTE, La., Dec. 3, 2015  -- LHC Group, Inc. , a national provider of home health, hospice, community-based and comprehensive pre- and post-acute healthcare services, today announced the completion of two&nbsp;...'
p10
a.