(lp0
S'Soft commodity ETFs surge as coffee and sugar prices jump 20% ETF Strategy - Oct 5, 2016 Fund provider ETF Securities also has 2x leveraged and 3x leveraged ETPs on the London Stock Exchange under respective tickers LCFE and 3CFL.'
p1
aS"Seize ETF Tools To Position Your Portfolio For Any Election Outcome Investor's Business Daily - Oct 14, 2016 So say strategists at top firms that help investors profit with ETFs and manage portfolio risk. Maxwell Gold of ETF Securities makes a case for investing in gold in an election year where both presidential candidates have taken populist stances. Simeon ..."
p2
aS'Horizons ETFs Announces Name Changes for Certain ETFs Canada NewsWire  - Dec 22, 2016 Other than Horizons BetaPro S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Bull Plus ETF  and Horizons BetaPro S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Bear Plus ETF , the investment objectives and strategies of the ETFs will not change. The changes to ... BetaPro Gold Bullion 2x ...'
p3
aS"China launches renminbi-denominated gold benchmark Financial Times - Apr 19, 2016 The world's largest gold consumer began a twice-daily auction on the Shanghai Gold Exchange on Tuesday. The renminbi-denominated Shanghai Gold Benchmark Price involved 18 banks, including international banks Standard Chartered Bank and&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"This Week's ETF Launches: Following Smart Money, Going Global &amp; Taking a Bite ETFdb.com - Nov 16, 2016 The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF  will follow smart money, literally. The ETF will invest in stocks that hedge funds, institutional investors and other gurus own."
p5
aS"Research Affiliates: Where's The Beef? 'Lies, Damned Lies, And Statistics' ETF.com - May 4, 2016 Well, maybe not. Surveys suggest that the average American's daily experience may be quite different. .... Why plow funds into long-term risky business ventures when low-risk  stock is available for buybacks and can be ..."
p6
aS'The investment trusts I have been buying and selling Money Observer - Jan 26, 2017 As well as topping up on physical gold in December, I placed a shorter-term bet on gold-mining companies via the VanEck Vectors Gold Miners A Shares ETF. I am already considering taking some profits and leaving the original outlay invested, as it is up ...'
p7
aS"2017 Roundtable, Part 2: Manual for a Mixed-Up Market Barron's - Jan 21, 2017 This week, we turn the mic over to Scott Black, Jeffrey Gundlach, Meryl Witmer, and Mario Gabelli, whose best bets for the new year range from commodity producers to auto-parts suppliers to closed-end funds to companies bearing the indelible ..."
p8
aS"Property funds: the good, the bad and the reality check Money Observer - Jul 14, 2016 However, the gating of property funds is one of the few instances when I agree with those annoying protestations such as 'don't panic' and 'focus on your long-term goals' that many commentators in the financial services industry churn out at times of ..."
p9
aS"Many ways to buy into gold as bears threaten to party The Australian - Jul 1, 2016 It's no surprise then to hear some innovation in this hot sector: Since the GFC, when the ETF  sector was in its infancy, a string of gold-based ETFs have been launched on the local market. ... money has always had this attitude ..."
p10
a.