(lp0
S'Left for Dead, LINN Energy LLC is Starting to Show Signs of Life Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2016 Units of LINN Energy  were eviscerated last month after it appeared to be throwing in the towel by maxing out its credit facility and announcing it was exploring &quot;strategic alternatives&quot; relating to its capital structure.I Was Wrong About Linn Energy - Seeking AlphaMLP Investors Face Tax Hit On Top of Big Losses - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS'Linn Energy: Time To Sell Or Exchange The Units Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2016 Linn appears to be headed to a restructuring that will leave its common units and common shares worthless. Linn needs to eliminate around $5 billion in debt to get leverage down to a reasonable level for $70 oil and $3.50 natural gas.'
p2
aS"Linn Energy - A Ticking Time Bomb Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2016 It's not a secret that Linn Energy  appears headed for bankruptcy. It's been demonstrated in various articles that it simply needs to restructure a substantial portion of its $9.3 billion of debt in order to continue as a going concern ...Penny Stocks On The Move: Terra Tech Corp , Linn Energy LLC ... - US Market Buzz"
p3
aS"Important Issue Regarding Linn Energy's Bankruptcy Seeking Alpha - Jun 6, 2016 Linn Energy LLC , which now trades using LINEQ, and LinnCo LLC  filed to bankruptcy to enable a restructuring of its excessive debt."
p4
aS'Linn Energy Filed An Amended Reorganization Plan And Disclosure Statement ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 5, 2016 Linn Energy LLC  filed an amended reorganization plan and amended disclosure statement  on December 3. The changes impact noteholders, but equity holders are still not getting any recovery.'
p5
aS'LINN Energy Successfully Completes Financial Restructuring GlobeNewswire  - Feb 28, 2017 HOUSTON, Feb. 28, 2017  -- LINN Energy, Inc., the reorganized successor to LINN Energy, LLC, and its affiliated entities , today announced that it has emerged from Chapter 11 restructuring.Linn Energy emerges from bankruptcy, explores asset sales - Houston Business JournalBerry Petroleum Successfully Emerges from Bankruptcy - PR Newswire '
p6
aS'Linn Energy: Bankruptcy Blowout Seeking Alpha - May 13, 2016 If you are a Linn Energy, LLC  unitholder, you have gotten a front seat to a real spectacle: Linn Energy was flying high when times were good and energy prices supported aggressive growth in the shale oil and gas sector.Linn Energy Files for Bankruptcy - Wall Street JournalUPDATE 2-Linn Energy files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in oil bust - Reuters'
p7
aS"Linn Energy - What Investors Would Get In The Case Of Bankruptcy Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2016 Given the tough times facing Linn right now, I figured it would be a wise idea to look at what the company may look like in bankruptcy.Bankruptcy Buzz Doesn't Stop Linn Energy LLC  Traders - Schaeffers Research LINN Energy Announces Payment of Interest Due Under Certain Senior Notes ... - GlobeNewswire "
p8
aS'Ignore Linn Energy, LLC: Here Are 4 Better Stocks Motley Fool - May 2, 2016 Linn Energy, LLC  looks to be careening toward bankruptcy. Owning just about any company that can afford to pay its bills would be a better option right now.'
p9
aS'Linn Energy: Likelihood Of Equity Recovery Seeking Alpha - May 24, 2016 Since Linn Energy   filed for bankruptcy, many investors believed that the current plan is unfair to equity holders.LINN Energy and LinnCo Receive NASDAQ Delisting Notification - GlobeNewswire Linn Energy LLC  and LinnCo LLC  Receive NASDAQ Delisting Notification - Smarter Analyst'
p10
a.