(lp0
S"LKQ Corporation  Given Average Rating of Buy by Analysts Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 Shares of LKQ Corporation  have received a consensus recommendation of Buy from the nine ratings firms that are currently covering the company.Consumer Sector Under Review: The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. , LKQ ... - TWNLKQ Corporation's  stock price is now worth at $29.39 while Analyst mean ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p1
aS'LKQ Corporation: Set To Fall Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 The last year has been a bumpy ride for LKQ shareholders, down 3% and underperforming the GICS Distributors subindustry by 6%.Large Inflow of Money Witnessed in LKQ Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p2
aS'LKQ Corporation Announces Leadership Transition GlobeNewswire  - Mar 9, 2017 CHICAGO, March 09, 2017  -- The Board of Directors of LKQ Corporation  has unanimously selected Dominick P. Zarcone, the current Chief Financial Officer of LKQ, to become the new President and Chief Executive&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'The Technicals For LKQ Corporation , An Important Analysis NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The technicals for LKQ Corporation  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p4
aS"Firms &amp; Funds Favorite: LKQ Corporation  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago LKQ Corporation 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late. Institutions are currently holders of 93.90% of the shares.LKQ Corporation  EPS Estimate At $0.47 - Enterprise LeaderLKQ Corporation  EPS Target At $0.51 - Investor Newswire"
p5
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: LKQ Corporation , Two Harbors ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of LKQ Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 7.62 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 7.43&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"LKQ Corporation's  stock price is Currently Worth at $29.39; How much it ... Hot Stocks Point - 18 hours ago LKQ Corporation  stock price ended its day with no change 0.00% and finalized at the value of $29.39. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 4.33 million shares."
p7
aS"LKQ Corporation Finalizes Sale of PGW to Vitro, SAB glassBYTEs - Mar 1, 2017 LKQ Corporation's sale of PGW's OEM glass manufacturing business to Vitro, S.A.B has been completed for the agreed price of $310 million.Vitro acquires PGW's original equipment automotive glass business - PR Newswire "
p8
aS'LKQ CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 LKQ Corporation  is a global distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories.Taking a Look at the Data Behind LKQ Corporation  - StockNewsJournalLKQ Corporation  Rating Reiterated by William Blair - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS"Drilling Down Into LKQ Corporation  StockNewsJournal - Mar 1, 2017 LKQ Corporation  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Auto Parts. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $31.58, down from yesterday's close by -0.03%.John S. Quinn Sells 8522 Shares of LKQ Corporation  Stock - The Cerbat GemLKQ Corporation , Genworth Financial, Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of Earnings - The USA Commerce"
p10
a.