(lp0
S"Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. Stock Up 14% on Favorable Ruling: Here's What ... Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2016 The issue at hand for Lumber Liquidators is tied to Chinese-made laminate flooring the company sold in prior years. Many kinds of laminate products, including laminate flooring as sold by many flooring retailers including Lumber Liquidators, as well as ...Lumber Liquidators Wins Ruling Cancer Risk Warning Suffices - Bloomberg"
p1
aS'Why Shares of Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. Popped 13% in February Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Fourth-quarter 2016 revenue was up 4.3% versus a year ago to $245 million, and gross margin improved from 23% to 32.9% over the same time frame.Lumber Liquidators: A Decent Recovery Is Already Priced In - Seeking AlphaBuzzer to Observe: Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc  - Is stories'
p2
aS'Why Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. Stock Rose 24.8% in September Motley Fool - Oct 11, 2016 Shares of Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  jumped 24.8% in the month of September, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, following reports the hardwood flooring retailer could be the subject of takeover interest.'
p3
aS'Lumber Liquidators Making Progress, but Not Out of the Woods Yet Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2017 When beleaguered specialty flooring retailer Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  reported earnings on Feb. 21, the market seemed quite pleased, sending shares up almost 17% on the day.Whitney Tilson and the Saga of Lumber Liquidators - Yahoo FinanceLumber Liquidators Holdings Inc  Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ... - BNB Daily '
p4
aS'Why Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. Plunged Today Motley Fool - Oct 31, 2016 Shares of Lumber Liquidators Holdings  were down 13.7% as of 12:30 p.m. EDT Monday after the specialty flooring retailer released weaker-than-expected third-quarter 2016 earnings.Lumber Liquidators Continues To Come Up Short - Seeking AlphaLumber Liquidators Plunges After Higher Legal Costs Widen Loss - Bloomberg'
p5
aS'Why Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. Tumbled 18% on Tuesday Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 What: Shares of flooring retailer Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  fell as much as 18% in early trading Tuesday after the company reported first-quarter earnings.Lumber Liquidators May Go Out Of Business - Seeking AlphaLumber Liquidators Holdings Inc Plunges After Earnings, Allergan plc Rises - ValueWalk'
p6
aS"Lumber Liquidators Holdings  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Lumber Liquidators Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. With us today from Lumber Liquidators is Mr. Dennis Knowles, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Martin Agard, Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder&nbsp;...Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. Stock Up 17% After Earnings: Here's What You ... - Motley FoolLumber Liquidators Holdings Inc  Stock Soars on Q4 Earnings Beat - Investorplace.com"
p7
aS"Lumber Liquidators Surges on CPSC Settlement Without Recall Bloomberg - Jun 16, 2016 Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. shares surged as much as 25 percent after the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission ended a probe of formaldehyde in the company's flooring without issuing a product recall.Can Lumber Liquidators Keep Going After Last Week's 17% Pop? - Motley FoolLumber Liquidators' stock soars after government ruling removes overhang - MarketWatch"
p8
aS'Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. Reports Better Sales, Lower Expenses Motley Fool - Jul 29, 2016 Customers are yet to start returning to Lumber Liquidators en masse. Image source: Lumber Liquidators. Is it possible the worst is in the past for Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. ? After reporting its second-quarter financial results on July ...Ways to keep your family safe from formaldehyde - WJXT Jacksonville'
p9
aS"Lumber Liquidators Continues To Struggle But Nobody Cares Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Lumber Liquidators'  struggles over the past couple of years have really been something to behold. Obviously, I've been bearish since the early days of the rally that eventually sent shares towards $120 and while I was very early, I was ..."
p10
a.