(lp0
S'Analog Devices to Buy Linear Technology for $14.8 Billion Bloomberg - Jul 26, 2016 Analog Devices Inc. agreed to acquire Linear Technology Corp. for about $14.8 billion, potentially restarting a scramble by chipmakers to add scale amid record industry consolidation.Linear Technology Corporation Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... - PR Newswire Analog Devices and Linear Technology to Combine Creating the Premier Analog ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS'Linear Technology Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Linear Technology Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 22, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.33 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 07, 2017.Linear Technology Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comAnalysts Near-Term outlook: Linear Technology Corporation , Entergy ... - The USA Commerce'
p2
aS'Form 425 LINEAR TECHNOLOGY CORP Filed by: ANALOG DEVICES INC StreetInsider.com - Sep 28, 2016 A: On July 26, 2016, Analog Devices, Inc.  announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Linear Technology  in a cash and stock transaction that values the combined enterprise at approximately $30&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'LINEAR TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Completion of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Linear Technology Corporation is engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing a line of analog integrated circuits. The Company produces power management, data conversion, signal conditioning, radio frequency  and interface integrated&nbsp;...Taking a Fresh Look at Linear Technology Corporation  - StockNewsJournalYesterday Stock Trend Overview: Linear Technology Corporation  - Is stories'
p4
aS'Linear Technology Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 06 Equities.com - Mar 6, 2017 Linear Technology Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 06, as the stock gained 0.91% to close at $65.45.DISH Network To Replace Linear Technology In S&amp;P 500 - NasdaqBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Linear Technology , Motorola ? - The USA Commerce'
p5
aS"Linear Technology Corp.  Receives Shareholder Approval of Analog Devices ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 19, 2016 Linear Technology Corporation  announced that, based on a preliminary vote tally from Linear Technology's Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Linear Technology's stockholders approved the merger agreement under which Analog Devices,&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Analog Devices Announces Final Regulatory Approval and Closing Date for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  today announced that it has received regulatory approval from the Ministry of Commerce  of China to complete its acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation. MOFCOM clearance was the final required regulatory&nbsp;...Analog Devices Completes Acquisition of Linear Technology - Business Wire ADI receives final approval for its acquisition of Linear - evertiq.com'
p7
aS'Linear Technology Corp. : Slight Beat Before Merger - Drexel Hamilton StreetInsider.com - Jan 18, 2017 Drexel Hamilton analyst, Cody Acree, reiterated his Hold rating on shares of Linear Technology  after the company announced a solid December quarter with a modest revenue and earnings upside in a quarter that has historically been a&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Linear Technology Corporation (LLTC ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Linear Technology Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 26.51 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;...Taking a Look at the Chart for Linear Technology Corporation  - The USA CommerceRuling stocks in today's market: Linear Technology Corporation  - The News Journal"
p9
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Linear Technology Corporation (LLTC ... StockNewsJournal - Feb 27, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Linear Technology Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 26.51 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;...Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Biogen Inc. , Linear Technology ... - The USA CommerceEPS Estimate At $0.56 For Linear Technology Corporation  - Markets Daily"
p10
a.