(lp0
S"Lumos Networks Enters into Definitive Agreement to be Acquired by EQT ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 20, 2017 Lumos Networks Corp.  , a leading fiber-based service provider in the Mid-Atlantic region, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement  to be acquired by the EQT Infrastructure investment&nbsp;...Lumos Networks +16% on EQT's all-cash buyout offer - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'BRIEF-Lumos Networks Corp files for non-timely 10-K Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 BADEN BADEN, Germany, March 17 Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Friday it was &quot;very important&quot; for the Group of 20 economies to reconfirm its warning that excess currency volatility was undesirable for economic stability.'
p2
aS'Is Lumos Networks Corp  A Financially Sound Company? Simply Wall St - Mar 22, 2017 Lumos Networks Corp  is a small-cap-stock with a market capitalization of USD $415 Million. While investors primarily focus on the growth potential and competitive landscape of the small-cap companies, they end up ignoring a key aspect,&nbsp;...The Fmr LLC Has $49476000 Position in Lumos Networks Corp  - Petro Global News 24Lumos Networks Corp.  Stock ABR At 3 - Markets Daily'
p3
aS'CORRECTING and REPLACING Lumos Networks Corp. Reports Full Year 2016 Results Business Wire  - Mar 7, 2017 Contribution Margin is net income or loss attributable to Lumos Networks Corp. before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, accretion of asset retirement obligations, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, other (income ...Lumos Networks Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 06 - Equities.comLumos Networks Corp.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS'Trading Sheet: Examining the Levels for Lumos Networks Corp.  The Standard - 14 hours ago Looking at shares of Lumos Networks Corp. , the company has an EV  of 879253. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Lumos Networks Corp.  - Fiscal StandardLumos Networks Corp.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p5
aS'LUMOS NETWORKS CORP. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of Lumos Networks Corp.   concerning the sale to EQT Infrastructure. Under the terms of the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Upcoming/New CFIUS Filing: Affiliates of EQT Infrastructure and Lumos Networks ... The National Law Review - Feb 24, 2017 On February 20, 2017, Lumos Networks Corp., a leading fiber-based service provider in the Mid-Atlantic region, announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by an investment fund affiliated with EQT Infrastructure, a Swedish ...'
p7
aS"Lumos Networks will be Waterside District's presenting sponsor Virginian-Pilot - Mar 23, 2017 Norfolk's Waterside District on Thursday announced Lumos Networks Corp. will be a presenting sponsor of the soon-to-reopen dining and entertainment complex.Lumos Networks Corp  Stake Cut by Two Sigma Investments LP - The Cerbat GemLumos Networks Corp.  Reports Consolidated EPS Of $0.0473 - Equities Focus"
p8
aS"Looking for a Top Momentum Stock? 3 Reasons Why Lumos Networks  is a ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 This method discovered several great candidates for momentum-oriented investors, but today let's focus in on Lumos Networks Corp. LMOS as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous ways in which this company&nbsp;...Current Update on Price Fluctuations: Lumos Networks Corp.  - Is stories"
p9
aS"Lumos Networks Suspends Fourth Quarter of 2016 Earnings Call Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Lumos Networks Corp.  Lumos Networks will issue a press release announcing its fourth quarter operating and financial results at approximately 8 a.m.Have investors already priced in Lumos Networks Corp's  growth? - Simply Wall StWhich Analysts Are Watching Lumos Networks Corp. ? - Fiscal Standard"
p10
a.