(lp0
S'New grant for Lighthouse creates employment partnerships with local businesses Tyler Morning Telegraph - 16 hours ago The Lighthouse has partnered with nine local businesses so far, one of those being Centene Corp. &quot;I was impressed with what The Lighthouse offered,&quot; Ms. Carrizeau said.'
p1
aS'Corp Hosts Local Entrepreneurs Georgetown University The Hoya - Mar 15, 2017 To introduce Georgetown students to the intersection between food and entrepreneurship, Students of Georgetown, Inc. hosted Greg Menna and Jesse Konig, respective founders of local businesses District Donut and Swizzler, for the second installment of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Monochrome Studios poised to be bastion for local artists Richmond Standard - 6 hours ago He has done volunteer work as board member of Salesian and El Sobrante Boys &amp; Girls Clubs and with the San Pablo Economic Development Corp. He has taught local youth how to use a camera and edit photos, urging their creative expression.'
p3
aS'Union ratifies 5-year labor contract with PPL Corp. Allentown Morning Call - Mar 27, 2017 ALLENTOWN - Members of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 1600, which represents about 1,400 PPL Corp. employees in Pennsylvania, have ratified a new five-year labor contract, PPL said Monday. The agreement, which runs through&nbsp;...Unionized employees at PPL approve 5-year labor contract - LancasterOnline'
p4
aS"Lodge at Ives Hill needs loan term extension WatertownDailyTimes.com - 3 hours ago WATERTOWN - The Lodge at Ives Hill is relying on three agencies to approve a loan term extension to continue operating. The Jefferson County Local Development Corp.'s loan review committee Tuesday reviewed a request from the Lodge at Ives Hill Inc."
p5
aS'Gundersen, Unity Health plans affiliate with Quartz La Crosse Tribune - 9 hours ago Gundersen Health Plan and Unity Health Plans Insurance Corp. are operating with a new corporate brand and logo under the Quartz brand.'
p6
aS"Morning Report APAC: Rising Asian markets shrug off Wall Street's woes TradingFloor.com - Mar 24, 2017 Elliot Management Corp. emerged as a key player in a $24 billion standoff between Akzo Nobel NV  and PPG Industries Inc. ."
p7
aS'Barrick Gold Corp.: Africa Demands More  What Gives? The Motley Fool Canada - 18 hours ago The Tanzanian government, like many other African countries, is insisting on local mineral value addition to improve local employment creation, value creation, technology, and skills transfer into the host country. The East-African nation wants more of ...'
p8
aS"Top foreign and local stories at 4pm The Star Online - 8 minutes ago Vietnam's economic growth slips to 3-year low in Q1: Vietnam's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter, government data showed on Wednesday, as production was weak in agriculture, mining and manufacturing."
p9
aS"Mitsubishi Corp. courts Myanmar's wealthy with new hospitals Nikkei Asian Review - Mar 27, 2017 TOKYO -- Mitsubishi Corp. will team with local companies to establish medical complexes in Myanmar, where a growing health care market is being fueled by the increasing number of middle- and upper-class residents."
p10
a.