(lp0
S"Apple Ditches Chipmaker's 'Goofed Up' IP Suit Law360  - Oct 17, 2014 Law360, San Francisco  -- A California federal judge on Thursday threw out chipmaker Logic Devices Inc.'s case accusing Apple Inc. of infringing a patent on data processing, saying it looked like Logic Devices had goofed&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Ultra-Low Dropout 150mA Regulator from Diodes Incorporated Supports Wide Input ... Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the AP7380. ... The ultra ...'
p2
aS'Global DAC Market 2017 Analog Devices, Cirrus Logic, Diodes Incorporated ... HiTechReporter - Mar 14, 2017 Global DAC Market key Manufactures are Analog Devices, Cirrus Logic, Diodes Incorporated, Texas Instruments, STMicroelectronics, Microchip Technology.'
p3
aS"2.0A, 2.5A and 3.0A Power Switches from Diodes Incorporated Designed for USB ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Diodes' products include diodes, rectifiers, transistors, MOSFETs, protection devices, function-specific arrays, single gate logic, amplifiers and comparators, Hall-effect and temperature sensors, power management devices, including LED drivers, AC-DC&nbsp;...Latest Stocks: The New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2457000 ... - Petro Global News 24Halcon Resources  Touches $6.53 Low on Mar, 22, Last Week Diodes (DIOD ... - HuronReport"
p4
aS'9 biggest information security threats through 2019 CIO Australia - 14 hours ago ... key individuals. ISF recommends that revised plans cover threats to physical safety as well as periods of operational downtime caused by attacks on infrastructure, devices or people. .... Incorporate scenarios of compromised information integrity ...'
p5
aS'Ultra-Low-Current LDO from Diodes Incorporated Handles Loads up to 150mA with ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the AP7350. This low dropout&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Diodes Incorporated to Present at the Needham Growth Conference on January 10 Business Wire  - Jan 3, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application-specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog, and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today ...'
p7
aS'Industry-First 1800W Auto-Compliant Transient Voltage Suppressor Launched by ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the D28V0H1U2P5Q at ...'
p8
aS'Emerging IoT Chip Market Technology Digital Journal - Mar 27, 2017 On the basis of hardware, the IoT chip market has been segmented into processor, sensor, connectivity IC, memory device, and logic device. ... According to the companies that are profiled in the IoT Chip report are Intel Corporation , Qualcomm ...'
p9
aS"Mocana's Full-Stack IoT Security Software Targets Manufacturers SDxCentral - Mar 24, 2017 ... software stack from the chip to the cloud. Called the IoT Security Platform, Mocana says its product lets customers integrate cybersecurity software into the industrial control systems, controllers, programmable logic controllers, cloud platforms ..."
p10
a.