(lp0
S'LAREDO PETROLEUM, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Laredo Petroleum, Inc.  is an independent energy company focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties, and the transportation of oil and natural gas from such properties primarily in the Permian ...'
p1
aS'Why to Keeping Eye on Laredo Petroleum, Inc. , PDL BioPharma, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p2
aS'Laredo Petroleum, Inc.  Has Revealed It All In Its Chart NY Stock News - 20 hours ago The technicals for Laredo Petroleum, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p3
aS'Laredo Petroleum Inc  Given a $15.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 12 hours ago Laredo Petroleum logo Laredo Petroleum Inc  received a $15.00 price objective from equities research analysts at Scotiabank in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday.Hot Stock Update: Laredo Petroleum, Inc.  - HugoPressLaredo Petroleum Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p4
aS'LaSalle Hotel Properties , Laredo Petroleum, Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead ... The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago While trading at volume below than average, Laredo Petroleum, Inc.  previous 52-week high was $16.47 and moved up 71.50% over the same period, trading at a volume of 2.27 million.'
p5
aS'Is Laredo Petroleum A Buy Here? Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 The global crude oil market has taken on negative fundamentals recently as an overhang in inventories has placed downward pressure on prices.'
p6
aS'Investor Alert: Price Target Predictions for Laredo Petroleum, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 20 hours ago Street analysts that cover the company have provided target price projections on the stock. The current consensus target price is $16.296 on the stock.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Laredo Petroleum Inc  is Beating RSP Permian Inc ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Laredo Petroleum Inc  versus RSP Permian Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Laredo Petroleum Inc Realized Volatility Hits ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Laredo Petroleum Inc  has seen its stock price move at an amplified level.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Clayton Williams Energy Inc  is Beating Laredo ... CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clayton Williams Energy Inc  versus Laredo Petroleum Inc  .Hot Stock to Watch: Laredo Petroleum, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p10
a.