(lp0
S"Why to Keeping Eye on Altisource Residential Corporation , Louisiana ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 7.57, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p1
aS"Zacks.com featured highlights: James River Group Holdings, Louisiana-Pacific ... Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago Chicago, IL - March 28, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article include James River Group Holdings, Ltd. , Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. &nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Why Louisiana-Pacific Corporation's Shares Rose 10% Today Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Shares of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  rose as much as 10.4% in trading Thursday after the building products company reported fourth-quarter earnings yesterday.Louisiana-Pacific  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaFeatured Stock Overview: Louisiana-Pacific Corp.  - HugoPress"
p3
aS"Moody's rates Louisiana-Pacific Corporation's new notes Ba3; existing ratings ... Moodys.com   - Sep 7, 2016 Toronto, September 07, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service,  assigned a Ba3 rating to Louisiana-Pacific Corporation's  new $350 million senior unsecured notes offering. The net proceeds will be used to repurchase the company's $350 million&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Price Alert: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - 18 hours ago Price Alert: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p5
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , Juno ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 7.57 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average ...5 Reasons You Should Buy Louisiana-Pacific  Stock Now - Yahoo Finance107 hedge funds sold their entire positions in Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  - Post Analyst"
p6
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 8, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 7.57 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average ..."
p7
aS'Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  Fiscal Standard - Mar 28, 2017 Currently 10 analysts have outstanding research reports on Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , according to the reports 3 analysts rate the stock Buy, 1 Outperform, 1 Underperform, 1 Sell, while 4 Hold.Intraday Movers: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  , TerraForm Global ... - NYSE Journal '
p8
aS"Earnings Clues on SCANA Corporation , Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 20, 2017 Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 7.57, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  - Fiscal StandardAnalysts' Recommendations Stocks Traders Alert: Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ ... - Daily News Journal"
p9
aS"Hot Stock Overview: Louisiana-Pacific Corp.  HugoPress - Mar 23, 2017 DA Davidson Upgrades Louisiana-Pacific Corp. 's stock to Buy with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 2/09/17.Louisiana-Pacific Corporation : Some of the key technical areas - USA Commerce DailyAnalyst Advice And Earnings Insight: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX ... - Post Analyst"
p10
a.