(lp0
S'Why Liquidity Services, Inc. Rose 11% on Tuesday Motley Fool - Mar 29, 2016 Other than allowing Liquidity Services to drop that additional credit line, none of this was really game-changing. &quot;The company does not expect the termination of the Facility to have a material effect on its liquidity or financial position,&quot; according ...'
p1
aS"Why Liquidity Services Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Dec 2, 2016 Putting aside Liquidity Services' latest difficult quarterly report a few weeks ago, the timing is rather curious. Earlier this week, Liquidity Services issued a press release touting its annual &quot;Restock Tuesday&quot; event -- &quot;where retailers turn to ..."
p2
aS"Losses Mount at Liquidity Services as Business Challenges Continue Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Looking more closely at the results, Liquidity Services' internal metrics were mixed. The number of registered buyers that the company had climbed to 3.02 million, which was up by about 5% from the year-ago quarter. However, completed transactions were&nbsp;...Liquidity Services'  CEO Bill Angrick on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Liquidity Services: Up 50%, Still My Best Idea Seeking Alpha - Aug 5, 2016 But when I know I'm right, I'm not shy about communicating that - and I was pretty unapologetic on my bullishness on Liquidity Services  earlier this year. While I received ... This is the sort of situation where I shine, because the facts ..."
p4
aS'Why Liquidity Services, Inc. Stock Gained 12% Last Month Motley Fool - Oct 12, 2016 Shares of liquidation specialist Liquidity Services, Inc.  surged last month as the company got a boost from a new contract with Indassol on the last day of the month, helping to give the stock double-digit gains for September.'
p5
aS'Liquidity Services expands in the UK Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Due to the wide scale decommissioning of rigs in the North Sea region, coupled with lower commodity prices, energy companies are aggressively looking for solutions to generate cash, said Daniel Beck, vice president of global sales for Liquidity ...'
p6
aS'Why Liquidity Services, Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - May 5, 2016 What: Shares of Liquidity Services  rose as much as 12.1% early Thursday, then settled to trade up 9% as of 11:00 a.m.'
p7
aS"Liquidity Services to Host Open House at Brampton Distribution Center Yahoo Finance - Jan 9, 2017 Liquidity Services , a global solution provider in the reverse supply chain with the world's largest marketplace for business surplus, announced today that it will host an open house at its Brampton, Ontario distribution center on Wednesday ..."
p8
aS"Liquidity Services Has Zero Margin Of Safety Seeking Alpha - Nov 23, 2016 However, I no longer feel that this stock has the margin of safety it recently had. Although there are many positives aspects reflected in the company's financials, which I will go through, at the current price LQDT trades at I can no longer recommend ..."
p9
aS'Tiger Liquidity Services Energy Partners to conduct online auction for equipment WorldOil  - Dec 13, 2016 HOUSTON -- Tiger Liquidity Services Energy Partners , a strategic alliance between Tiger Group and Liquidity Services, Inc., will conduct an online auction on Dec. 13 for assets that are no longer needed for the continuing operations of Aly ...'
p10
a.