(lp0
S"Lattice Semiconductor , Canyon Bridge Jointly Withdraw and Re-filed with ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 24, 2017 Lattice Semiconductor Corporation  and Canyon Bridge Fund I, LP  have jointly withdrawn and re-filed their joint voluntary notice to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States  under the Defense ...Exclusive: China-backed fund relaunches bid for US chip deal approval - sources - ReutersTIMELINE-How Canyon Bridge's deal with Lattice was put together - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS'Lattice Semiconductor to Sell Itself to Canyon Bridge for $1.3 Billion Wall Street Journal - Nov 3, 2016 Lattice Semiconductor Corp. on Thursday said it agreed to a $1.3 billion buyout offer from Canyon Bridge Capital Partners Inc., a new private-equity firm backed by investors in China.Lattice Semiconductor sells to little-known firm with ties to China - OregonLive.com'
p2
aS'Lattice Semiconductor Corporation  has Current Market Capitalizaion of ... The Newburgh Press - 18 hours ago Analysts estimated $0.13/share for the previous Quarter, where Lattice Semiconductor Corporation  reported Actual EPS of $0.1/share with the difference of -0.03 percent and a surprise of -23.1 percent.Lattice Semiconductor Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 27 - Equities.comLookout for Price Target? Church &amp; Dwight Co., Inc. , Lattice ... - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'Why Lattice Semiconductor Corporation Shares Jumped Today Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 What: Shares of Lattice Semiconductor  have jumped today, up by 9% as of 12:03 p.m. ET, after the company reported first-quarter earnings.Lattice Semiconductor Enhances Portfolio of Video Interface Bridging Solutions ... - Business Wire '
p4
aS"Lattice Semiconductor shareholders approve merger with Canyon Bridge Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 By a vote of 77.83% of outstanding Lattice Semiconductor  shares. The planned merger had been approved prior by the company's board.UPDATE: Merger Agreement Approved by Shareholders of Lattice Semiconductor - Yahoo FinanceLattice Shareholders Approve China Takeover - EE Times"
p5
aS"Wall Street's M&amp;A Chatter From March 24-26: Time Inc, Lattice Semiconductor ... Benzinga - Mar 27, 2017 Meredith Corp.  and a group including Pamplona Capital Management and Jahm Najafi are said to be among the remaining bidders for Time, plus one other publicly-traded company."
p6
aS"Why Did Lattice Semiconductor's Stock Surge Almost 20%? Market Realist - Apr 15, 2016 Tsinghua Unigroup is back in action with reports floating around about a new acquisition. The company has purchased 7.2 million shares of Lattice Semiconductor , according to a regulatory filing on April 13, 2016. This led Lattice Semiconductor's&nbsp;...Why Shares of Lattice Semiconductor Are Surging Today - Motley FoolLattice shares soar after China's Tsinghua reports buying stake - Reuters"
p7
aS'Lattice Semiconductor Corp , TPCAST Form Partnership On Wireless ... Market Exclusive - Jan 24, 2017 TPCAST and Lattice Semiconductor Corp  have formed an exclusive partnership with a view to delivering wireless solutions for VR headsets.TPCAST Partners with Lattice Semiconductor to Deliver Wireless VR Experience - CTIMES'
p8
aS'PT Notice &amp; Review for Lattice Semiconductor Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 17 hours ago Using data provided from various analysts, shares of Lattice Semiconductor Corporation  are presently listed with an ABR of 2.5.'
p9
aS'Lattice Semiconductor Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... PR Newswire  - Nov 8, 2016 NEW YORK, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WeissLaw LLP is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of Lattice Semiconductor Corp.  in connection with the proposed&nbsp;...'
p10
a.