(lp0
S"Here's Why Lululemon Athletica Inc. Stock  Could Drop 20% Investorplace.com - 11 hours ago Lululemon Athletica Inc.  is expected to report earnings on Wednesday after the market closes. The activewear company beat its earnings estimates last quarter  and shareholders enjoyed a quick 10% price increase.lululemon athletica inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 28 - Equities.comAnalyst Activity  Wedbush Reiterates Outperform on Lululemon Athletica inc ... - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS'Lululemon Athletica: Waiting For It To Go On Sale Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Even with that, keep your cash on hand and wait for the right entry point. This company is a perfect example of why risk assessment analysis is so important.Lululemon Athletica Inc.  Stock: Love on a Battlefield - Investorplace.comLululemon Athletica inc.  Given Sell Rating at Canaccord Genuity - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"Lululemon: Running Out Of Steam? Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Lululemon continues to grow in the market, but its margins are declining due to intense competition. We will look into Lululemon's product quality, customer loyalty and patented material to determine whether they represent sustainable competitive ..."
p3
aS'Lululemon Q4 Earnings: Brace For A Rally Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Twice last year, in my earnings prediction group, we played Lululemon  long and were profitable; this year, we play again.'
p4
aS'Lululemon Is A Long-Term Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Lululemon  now has a larger market cap than that of rival Under Armour , a testament to how the niche yoga and sportswear apparel manufacturer has managed to expand and sell product despite warnings of &quot;athleisure&quot; being a&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"How to Trade Lululemon Athletica inc.  Stock After Earnings Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 When you are competing in an athletic apparel market rife with the likes of Nike Inc , adidas AG   and Under Armour Inc , it's easy to get lost in the shuffle. Known mostly for it's women's yoga apparel,&nbsp;...MKM Partners Reiterates Buy Rating and $90 PT on Lululemon Athletica (LULU ... - StreetInsider.comlululemon athletica inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.com"
p6
aS'Lululemon Athletica Inc : Poised for Long-Term Success? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 What can investors expect from Lululemon Athletica Inc  in the future? Are you considering investing? Then keep reading.'
p7
aS"Sport Chek Takes on Lululemon Athletica Inc. The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 3, 2017 Look out Calgary; Sport Chek is coming to the Chinook Centre - a move that's signaling it may be trying to capture market share from Lululemon Athletica Inc . Sport Chek parent Canadian Tire Corporation Limited  had a very&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"What you need to know about the future of Lululemon Athletica Inc's (LULU ... Simply Wall St - Mar 23, 2017 What can investors expect from Lululemon Athletica Inc  in the future? What should potential investors be aware of?lululemon athletica inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 - Equities.com"
p9
aS'Lululemon Athletica Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Lululemon Athletica Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.Oppenheimer Holdings Research Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Lululemon ... - Chaffey BreezeLululemon Athletica Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.