(lp0
S"Macy's: An Ideal Entry Point? Seeking Alpha - 18 hours ago Macy's stock has fallen by 40% since late November due to mounting worries about department stores. Although this sector will continue to face secular headwinds for the next few years, we will also see higher consolidation which should ease margin&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Macy's, Inc. Board of Directors Elects Jeff Gennette Chief Executive Officer Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 Macy's, Inc.  today announced that its board of directors has unanimously elected Jeff Gennette chief executive officer, effective today.What We Know About Macy's New CEO Jeff Gennette - BenzingaCan the New CEO Save Macy's? - Fox Business"
p2
aS"Macy's: Needs To Do More Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 It used to be that if you're in New York City for the first time as a tourist, you must go to see Macy's Inc.'s  flagship store, Macy's Herald Square at West 34th Street and Broadway."
p3
aS"EXCLUSIVE: Macy's CEO talks about importance of Cincinnati Cincinnati Business Courier - 13 hours ago While Macy's Inc. has headquarters in both New York and Cincinnati, its new CEO says the Queen City plays an important role for the retail giant."
p4
aS"With Sales Sliding, Macy's Inc Explores New Frontiers Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 As a result, Macy's  has reported a steady string of revenue and earnings declines. In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, the team looks at the company's fourth quarter results and its plans for the future."
p5
aS"Macy's: Starboard's Trash Can Be Your Treasure Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2017 Activist Starboard Value exits their position in Macy's. The stock has fallen significantly over the last 2 years. But if you haven't been along for the ride, and if you haven't considered the thesis, &quot;it's new to you&quot;."
p6
aS"Macy's and G-III Sign Exclusive Agreement for DKNY Women's Apparel and Accessories Business Wire  - Mar 27, 2017 NEW YORK----Macy's, Inc., one of the nation's premier retailers, and G-III Apparel Group, Ltd.Macy's Inc  Is Trying To Attract Milliennials With Its Agreement With ... - Stock Market DailyMacy's  Inks an Exclusive Deal with G-III for DKNY Brand - Zacks.com"
p7
aS"Critical Chart Information For Macy's, Inc.  NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The technicals for Macy's, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup."
p8
aS"Today Analysts Focus on Occidental Petroleum Corp. , Macy's, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Macy's, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 4.21 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 12.97 and ..."
p9
aS"Macy's - The Bull Case Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Macy's is trading at or near the lowest multiples of the last 5-6 years due to the recent weakness. In this article, I present a value case for the stock, which I think is an attractive long at the current levels."
p10
a.