(lp0
S'Goldman Sachs Downgrades Macerich Co to Sell with Price Target $64 Money Flow Index & Trends - Mar 23, 2017 Brokerage firm Goldman Sachs Downgrades its rating on Macerich Co. As per the latest information, Goldman Sachs Lowers the price target to $64 per share from a prior target of $72.Macerich Company   Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 - Equities.comKeyCorp Lowers Macerich Co  Price Target to $75.00 - BNB Daily '
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Barclays PLC Lowers Its Price Target On Macerich Co (NYSE ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Today, Barclays PLC lowered its price target on Macerich Co  to per share. There are 2 sell ratings, 9 hold ratings, 4 buy ratings on the stock.Latest Stocks: The Investors Buy Macerich Co  on Weakness After Analyst ... - Petro Global News 24Macerich Company   Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 27 - Equities.com'
p2
aS"Macerich Rejects Simon Property's $16.8 Billion Takeover Bid Wall Street Journal - Apr 1, 2015 Macerich Co. rejected the best and final bid from Simon Property Group Inc., which promptly withdrew its $16.8 billion offer, ending for now the possible combination of rival mall operators in the U.S.. Macerich, in a letter to Simon Property Group ...Simon Property Withdraws $16.8 Billion Offer for Macerich - BloombergSimon gives up after Macerich rejects second bid - Los Angeles Times"
p3
aS"Macerich: Is Retail Contagion Spreading To Class A Malls? Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 The bull/bear argument for Macerich  is starting to come down to one simple question: how protected are the company's Class A malls from e-commerce penetration and lower brick-and-mortar traffic? I discussed that question at length in&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"US mall king Simon raises bid for Macerich Co. Daily Mail - Mar 20, 2015 US mall king Simon Property Group raised its bid Friday for Macerich Co. by five percent, saying it was &quot;its best and final offer&quot; for the smaller shopping center owner.Simon Raises Bid for Macerich to $95.50 a Share - BloombergMall bid escalates as Simon makes 'best and final offer' for Macerich - Los Angeles Times"
p5
aS"Macerich rejects takeover bid by mall king Simon Daily Mail - Mar 17, 2015 US shopping center operator Macerich Co. erected defenses Tuesday against the hostile takeover bid by the mall industry's top power, Simon Properties.Macerich Rejects Simon's $16 Billion Mall Takeover Bid - BloombergMacerich Rejects Unsolicited Bid From Rival Mall Owner Simon Property - Wall Street Journal"
p6
aS'Macerich: The Future Of Malls Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 Remember when you and all of your friends used to spend the day hanging out at the mall? Running around without those modern leashes called cellphones, getting into the sort of trouble only young, dumb teenagers can.'
p7
aS'Macerich Announces Tax Treatment Of 2015 Dividends PR Newswire  - Jan 19, 2016 SANTA MONICA, Calif., Jan. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Macerich Company  today announced the tax treatment for dividend distributions taxable in 2015 on its Common Stock.'
p8
aS'With Its Yield Over 4%, Macerich Looks Interesting Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 Despite a series of initiatives aimed to highlight its private market valuation, Macerich shares have returned to 2014 levels below $70.'
p9
aS'Macerich will nominate 2 new directors as proxy fight ends Los Angeles Times - May 4, 2015 Mall operator Macerich said Monday it settled a proxy fight with two investment funds, and will nominate two new directors to its board while dropping a &quot;poison pill&quot; measure that helped it stave off an attempted takeover.Macerich to Add Independent Directors, End Rights Plan - BloombergMacerich Settles Proxy Fight With Two Activist Hedge Funds - Wall Street Journal'
p10
a.