(lp0
S"Form 4 MERCANTILE BANK CORP For: Mar 23 Filed by: Eldridge Michelle Larabee StreetInsider.com - Feb 24, 2017 Find out which companies are about to raise their dividend well before the news hits the Street with StreetInsider.com's Dividend Insider Elite."
p1
aS"Mercantile Bank Corp.  Director Thomas R. Sullivan Sells 7000 Shares Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Mercantile Bank Corp. logo Mercantile Bank Corp.  Director Thomas R. Sullivan sold 7,000 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd.Mercantile Bank Corp.  Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Sports PerspectivesNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Mercantile Bank Corporation  - Fiscal Standard"
p2
aS'Pacific Mercantile Bank Designs Customized Cash Management Program for TNT ... Nasdaq - 19 hours ago COSTA MESA, Calif., March 28, 2017  -- Pacific Mercantile Bank , the wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Mercantile Bancorp , today announced that it has designed a customized suite of cash management&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Preferred Bank  versus Pacific Mercantile Bancorp ... - CML NewsNancy A. Gray Sells 2117 Shares of Pacific Mercantile Bancorp  Stock - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS"Pacific Mercantile Bancorp Still Has A Lot Of Work To Do Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Pacific Mercantile Bancorp  is a relatively young  Orange County-based business bank with approximately $1.14 billion in assets.Pacific Mercantile Bancorp  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.comStock Returns: Pacific Mercantile Bancorp  versus People's Utah ... - CML News"
p4
aS'Mercantile Bank Names Nancy Turtle Community Bank President for Kalamazoo ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Mercantile Bank Corporation  announced today that its banking subsidiary, Mercantile Bank of Michigan , has named Nancy K. Turtle the Community Bank&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  is ... - CML NewsBroker Outlook For The Week Ahead Mercantile Bank Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p5
aS"Pacific Mercantile Bancorp to Participate in Sandler O'Neill West Coast ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 2, 2017 COSTA MESA, Calif., March 02, 2017  -- Pacific Mercantile Bancorp , the holding company of Pacific Mercantile Bank , a wholly owned banking subsidiary, and PM Asset Resolution, Inc. , a wholly&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Mercantile Bank Corp.  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Chaffey Breeze - Mar 23, 2017 Mercantile Bank Corp. logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Mercantile Bank Corp.  from a sell rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Wednesday morning.The Mercantile Bank Corp.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - Petro Global News 24Stock Returns: First Financial Bancorp.  versus Mercantile Bank ... - CML News'
p7
aS"Insider Trading Activity Mercantile Bank Corp.   Director Sold ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 Thomas R Sullivan , Director of Mercantile Bank Corp.  reportedly Sold 7,000 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 33.38 for a total transaction amount of $233,660.00 SEC Form.Mercantile Bank Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto EdgeMercantile Bank Corporation  Yearly Sales Estimates At $32.67 - Equities Focus"
p8
aS"Mercantile Bank expands to metro Detroit Crain's Detroit Business - Feb 27, 2017 Mercantile Bank Corp.'s Mercantile Bank of Michigan is expanding to metro Detroit, opening a commercial loan office Monday in Troy and a full service branch this summer, the Grand Rapids-based company announced.Mercantile Bank plans return to Southeast Michigan market with new office in Troy - MiBiz"
p9
aS'Pacific Mercantile Bank Provides $3.2 Million in Financing to Documotion Research GlobeNewswire  - Mar 21, 2017 COSTA MESA, Calif., March 21, 2017  -- Pacific Mercantile Bank , the wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Mercantile Bancorp , today announced that it has extended $3.2 million in financing to Documotion&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Tristate Capital Holdings Inc  is Beating Pacific ... - CML NewsHovde Group Begins Coverage on Pacific Mercantile Bancorp  - Community Financial News'
p10
a.