(lp0
S'Saving our schools It really does take a village Madison County Carrier - 13 hours ago Rick Patrick: Greene Publishing, Inc. This is the sixth in a ... These are my tax dollars, too, said Dr. Karen Pickles, Madison County Superintendent of Schools. Pickles ... While these measures will have and are having a positive impact on the ...'
p1
aS'Madison County woman accused of stealing $6000 from injured elderly man in ... AL.com - Mar 13, 2017 A Madison County woman is accused of stealing nearly $6,000 from an elderly family member in Florence while she was responsible for his care.'
p2
aS"Huntsville 'forgery and fake ID factory' suspect wants to live in California ... AL.com - 16 hours ago DeCambra, 40, is asking Madison County District Judge Claude Hundley to let him live at home in California pending trial, court documents show."
p3
aS'Construction companies are top donors backing sales-tax increase for schools Belleville News-Democrat - Mar 25, 2017 Control Technology Solutions, a company that develops and implements energy-efficiency projects, has given financial support in favor of the Madison County school facility referendum. Citizens for Madison County Schools also has received money from the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Schneiderman announces record number of data breach notices for 2016 Madison County Courier - Mar 24, 2017 For example, if your company uses a point-of-sale system, ensure that expiration dates are not stored with credit card numbers.'
p5
aS"'Bridges of Madison County' made Robert James Waller famous but didn't define him DesMoinesRegister.com - Mar 13, 2017 I met Robert James Waller when he visited my small English literature class on the campus of Central College in Pella. This was between the 1992 publication of his smash novel The Bridges of Madison County and the 1995 film version starring Clint&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'CORE FCU receives sixth consecutive National Youth Financial Literacy Award Madison County Courier - Mar 11, 2017 Pictured from left Karen Reardon, Member Development &amp; Student Banking Manager, CORE FCU; Bill Sweeney, CEO, CORE FCU; Jim Nussle, president/CEO, Credit Union National Association; and Laura Edick, Marketing &amp; Member Development Specialist&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Madison County officials share findings from DC, recap 2016 Oneida Dispatch - Mar 19, 2017 Y., pose for a photo with, from back left, Madison County Administrator Mark Scimone, Brookfield Supervisor John Salka, DeRuyter Supervisor Dan DeGear, Madison County Attorney Tina Wayland-Smith, and Nelson Supervisor Roger Bradstreet during the ...'
p8
aS'State Library PAC Opposes Proposition B; County Fires Back Ste. Genevieve Herald - 16 hours ago The County Commission in 2015 began questioning the financial decisions of Ozark Regional, which was a four-county cooperative that included Iron, Madison and Crawford counties as well as Ste. Genevieve, which had in recent years provided the majority&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Senate passes Valesky-sponsored elder financial abuse legislation Madison County Courier - Mar 3, 2017 Legislation sponsored by Senator David J. Valesky  protecting seniors from financial abuse passed the Senate on March 2. The bill would authorize banks to refuse any monetary transaction if a banking institution, social services official, or ...'
p10
a.