(lp0
S"Pinnacle Wealth Management Advisory Group LLC Has $1082000 Stake in McDonald's ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 Pinnacle Wealth Management Advisory Group LLC held its position in shares of McDonald's Corporation  during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission ."
p1
aS"Is McDonald's Corporation's Financial Model Working? Motley Fool - Mar 23, 2017 In the first article of this two-part series, we analyzed McDonald's Corporation's  plan for &quot;long-term global growth&quot; from a strategic perspective.Analyst provided some recent clues on McDonald's Corporation  and Zions ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p2
aS"EOD Risers: McDonald's Corporation, Merck &amp; Co., Inc., Microsoft Corporation DirectorsTalk Interviews - 22 hours ago The trading price for McDonald's Corporation with EPIC code:  a company that operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants, rose 0.12% or 0.15 points in yesterday's trading session.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead McDonald's Corporation  - Fiscal StandardMcDonald\\'s Corporation  Closes 0.03% Down on the Day for March 28 - Equities.com"
p3
aS"McDonald's Corporation to Trump: 'You are actually a disgusting excuse of a ... KTRK-TV - Mar 16, 2017 The McDonald's Corp. tweet insulting Trump was deleted about 20 minutes after it was posted. . KTRK. Thursday, March 16, 2017.McDonald's tweet slams Trump - VICE NewsWas it the Hamburglar? Col. Sanders? Twitter has some fun with McDonald's hack - Kansas City Star"
p4
aS"EOD Risers: General Electric Company, McDonald's Corporation, Microsoft ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 27, 2017 Stock in McDonald's Corporation with ticker code:  a company that operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants, stepped up 0.26% or 0.34 points in Friday's trading session."
p5
aS"McDonald's Wants to Make You Better Burgers U.S. News & World Report - Mar 2, 2017 The changes come as the food industry faces increasing competition and consumer demands for healthier options and convenience. The Associated Press.McDonald's Corporation  might launch home delivery service in 5 ... - Market ExclusiveInvestors size up new-look McDonald's - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Heffx Technical Analysis Live Trading News - Mar 17, 2017 During an uptrend the long upper shadow indicates that the bears are gaining control and a top may occur."
p7
aS"McDonald's: $170 Per Share By 2020? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 McDonald's released its financial goals and policy targets over the next three years earlier this month. The company's goals could be doable but appear aggressive with respect to margin expansion."
p8
aS"McDonald's: Analysis Of New Initiatives Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 As a McDonald's  shareholder it's good to see the company making a goal of boosting shareholder value. McDonald's recently announced numerous initiatives to drive future growth. I think most of these initiatives will be successful to improve the&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Buying McDonald's For Dividend Growth? Not So Fast Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 As the dividend continues to grow against flat FCF, MCD will run into a simple math problem. An important part of the bull case for McDonald's  for as long as I can remember has been its ample dividend. MCD is certainly large and mature ...McDonald's Corporation : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalAverage Brokerage Rating Of McDonald's Corporation , ONEOK, Inc.  - The USA Commerce"
p10
a.