(lp0
S"Martin Currie Pacific Trust name change Interactive Investor - Jul 31, 2015 Martin Currie Pacific Trust's name has changed to Martin Currie Asia Unconstrained Trust plc with immediate effect. The name change was approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting on 6 July."
p1
aS"Martin Currie Pacific hopes to catch the tide in Asia Citywire.co.uk - Jun 15, 2015 On 11 July 2014, MCP adopted a new investment strategy it describes as Asia long-term unconstrained. It is planning to change the name to Martin Currie Asia Unconstrained trust to signpost the new approach to potential investors. The 'unconstrained ..."
p2
aS"Trust Insider: Aberdeen Asian Smaller Cos depends on a return to sanity Citywire.co.uk - Nov 17, 2015 This has also left it trading on the second widest discount of its peer group , after Martin Currie's Asia Unconstrained fund. However, I don't think investors should write off the fund. The first thing to point out is that, over its ..."
p3
aS"Investment Trust Watch: India Capital Growth in limbo Citywire.co.uk - Jul 22, 2016 IGC's case is not helped by the fact that with a market value of just 49 million it is below the radar of many retail investors, although it has a loyal institutional following."
p4
aS"Martin Currie's Graham halves stocks in Pacific Trust shake-up Citywire.co.uk - Mar 23, 2015 The trust is also now unconstrained by any benchmark, instead comparing performance to Asia ex-Japan nominal gross domestic product  growth over rolling three-year periods, and has no commitment to invest in Japan or Australasia."
p5
aS"How to 'invest against the grain' with investment trusts Telegraph.co.uk - Sep 18, 2015 Martin Currie Asia Unconstrained unit trust is matched by the Asia Long Term Unconstrained Investment Trust, both overseen by Andrew Graham. In both the above cases August's market mayhem offered a chance to capitalise on the quoted fund's discount."
p6
aS"Investment Trust Watch: property promise not peril Citywire.co.uk - Jul 8, 2016 Property investment companies and real estate investment trusts are this week's big opportunity following mayhem in the sector caused by big commercial property funds suspending trading after a flood of redemption requests since the 23 June 'Brexit' vote."
p7
aS"Rare earths offer a bumpy road to riches MarketWatch - Nov 15, 2011 SAN FRANCISCO  - Rare earths, as the name implies, make up a tiny market with huge growth potential. It's also a market with little transparency, fraught with the kind of volatility that keeps investors wondering whether they can ..."
p8
aS'Tilney Bestinvest puts 37 funds in its underperforming doghouse FE Trustnet - Aug 3, 2015 The report says: Aberdeen has been one of the dominant forces in Asia and emerging markets investing for some time. However, it seems to be losing steam more recently, with Aberdeen Asia Pacific Equity and Aberdeen Asia Pacific &amp; Japan Equity in the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Save the World: Join our new investing mission MarketWatch - Jan 17, 2012 We trust in the wisdom of the crowd. Instead of getting solutions from so-called experts, we tap into the vast collective intelligence of millions of American citizens, into the best minds among our 95 million investors, into the passion of the 99 ...'
p10
a.