(lp0
S"Better Buy: Medivation, Inc. vs. Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Motley Fool - Jul 12, 2016 Medivation  attempted to jump-start a bidding war after rejecting Sanofi's  second acquisition offer."
p1
aS'Why Medivation, Inc. Shares Crashed 32% in January Motley Fool - Feb 3, 2016 What: Ahead of news that the FDA has put a partial clinical hold on a key drug trial, shares in Medivation  dropped 32.4% in January, according to S&amp;P Capital IQ.'
p2
aS"Medivation Inc. Stock Is Rising Today -- Here's Why Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2016 What: Shares of Medivation  were up more than 10% as of 3:00 p.m. ET after the cancer-focused biopharmaceutical company reported its fourth-quarter earnings."
p3
aS'Pfizer Said Close to $14 Billion Deal to Acquire Medivation Bloomberg - Aug 21, 2016 Pfizer Inc. is close to an agreement to buy Medivation Inc. for about $14 billion, people familiar with the situation said, the latest in a long run of blockbuster deals in the drug and biotechnology industries.Pfizer to Buy Medivation for $14 Billion - Wall Street Journal'
p4
aS'Better Buy Now: Medivation Inc vs Jazz Pharmaceuticals Motley Fool - Oct 24, 2015 Investors in biotech stocks Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC  and Medivation  must be smiling from ear to ear, as each of these companies has been a monster winner for long-term investors.'
p5
aS'Medivation: A Value In Biotech Seeking Alpha - Aug 18, 2016 Medivation  is just such a company which is misunderstood by the market. It is a highly de-risked biotech with a commercialized, blockbuster drug  already providing significant financial resources for the&nbsp;...How Much Medivation Can Really Fetch in a Buyout - 24/7 Wall St.Medivation Inc : Excellent Opportunity to Get Best Price for its ... - TCC'
p6
aS"J&amp;J's Q1 Results Suggest More Upside for Medivation, Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 27, 2016 The loss of market share in this high-profile market suggests that Medivation  and Astellas Pharma's  Xtandi continues to gain ground, and that could mean that Medivation is worth more than it was three months ago."
p7
aS'Tesla Motors Inc. and Medivation Inc. Jump as Stocks Fall Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2016 Medivation spiked 23% higher on heavy trading volume after Bloomberg reported that the biopharmaceutical company has been approached by several potential buyers.Why Fitbit Inc , Medivation Inc  and Tesla Motors Inc  Are 3 ... - Investorplace.com'
p8
aS"In Wake Of Medivation Deal, Argus Thinks Pfizer's Existing Business Is Underrated Benzinga - Aug 29, 2016 On August 22, Pfizer Inc.  announced it had entered into an agreement to acquire Medivation Inc  for almost $14 billion or $81.50 per shares.Medivation Proxy Shows Pfizer Battled Four Bidders to Seal a Deal - TheStreet.comBidding War for Medivation Is Good News for Biotech - Wall Street Journal"
p9
aS"Medivation Drops 12% After Congress Asks To Examine Xtandi Drug Price Benzinga - Mar 29, 2016 Shares of Medivation Inc  were trading lower by more than 6 percent heading into Tuesday's market open as the company's drug pricing have come under scrutiny by the U.S.Makers of pricey prostate cancer drug Xtandi are targeted by Congress - Los Angeles TimesLawmakers Target Medivation Over Drug Prices - Wall Street Journal"
p10
a.