(lp0
S'230 layoffs expected at Harrisburg-based Metro Bancorp PennLive.com - Dec 29, 2015 F.N.B. Corporation has sent a notice to the state Department of Labor and Industry that layoffs would be occurring early next year at the Harrisburg-based Metro Bancorp, Inc. Dave Eckelmann, spokesman for the state Department for Labor and Industry,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"FNB Corporation and Metro Bancorp, Inc. Shareholder Approvals - Merger Transaction PR Newswire  - Jan 14, 2016 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- F.N.B. Corporation  and Metro Bancorp, Inc.  today announced that, at their respective special meetings held today, the shareholders of Metro Bancorp, Inc. approved the Agreement and Plan of Merger&nbsp;...Pittsburgh's First National Bank buying Metro Bank - WTAE Pittsburgh"
p2
aS'First National Bank Corp completes merger with Metro Bancorp, achieves $20 ... cleveland.com - Feb 16, 2016 PITTSBURGH, Pennsylvania - First National Bank Corp. announced Tuesday that Saturday it successfully completed its merger with Harrisburg-based Metro Bancorp, Inc. As a result of the merger, according to a press release, FNB, which is headquartered in&nbsp;...FNB Corp  Announces Completion of Metro Bancorp Merger - StreetInsider.comThe Conversation: Scott Wickel - Reading Eagle'
p3
aS'Metro Bancorp: Activists At Work Seeking Alpha  - Aug 4, 2014 Metro Bancorp operates a high-cost business model which provides ample opportunities for cost cuts from an acquirer. Three separate funds have taken stakes totaling 20% in the company and sent letters to the board suggesting a sale.'
p4
aS'FNB Corporation Expands Central Pennsylvania Presence with the Acquisition of ... PR Newswire  - Aug 4, 2015 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- F.N.B. Corporation   and Metro Bancorp, Inc.   today jointly announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which F.N.FNB to Acquire Metro Bancorp - Wall Street JournalFNB Corp  to Acquire Metro Bancorp  in $474M Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS'Metro Bancorp Nominates Richard J. Lashley to Its Board of Directors GlobeNewswire  - May 15, 2015 HARRISBURG, Pa., May 15, 2015  -- Metro Bancorp, Inc.  , parent company of Metro Bank, today announced that Richard J. Lashley, Co-Founder and Principal of PL Capital Group (&quot;PL&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Street Analyst Thoughts on Shares of Metro Bancorp, Inc  Melville Review - Mar 27, 2017 Covering sell-side analysts currently have a consensus stock rating of N/A on shares of Metro Bancorp, Inc .'
p7
aS'Metro Bancorp, Inc  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Mar 26, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Metro Bancorp, Inc  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Sunday 26th of March state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy, 0 ...'
p8
aS'Clover Partners LP Sends Letter to the Board of Directors of Metro Bancorp Business Wire  - Jun 13, 2014 Initially we would like to commend management for guiding the company through a tumultuous banking environment and resolving the previous regulatory orders issued to the bank.'
p9
aS'Metro Bancorp Inc , Casella Waste Systems Inc. : Portolan Capital ... Insider Monkey  - Oct 22, 2014 PL Capital, for its part, disclosed no changes in its stake in Metro Bancorp Inc  , but stated its intentions to nominate Richard J. Lashley and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.