(lp0
S'MTI of Albany passes poison pill stock plan Albany Times Union - Oct 11, 2016 Mechanical Technology Inc. has put in place a poison pill stock plan in an attempt to protect $51 million in tax benefits that may be at risk from an activist shareholder.'
p1
aS"Gowanda acquires Microwave Circuits evertiq.com - Feb 14, 2017 Gowanda Components Group has acquired Microwave Circuits from AMTI in Lynchburg , expanding capabilities for the design and manufacture of RF and microwave filters. Microwave Circuits' designs and technologies complement those of our TTE&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'RFMW Ltd., and Akoustis Technologies, Inc. Announce Distribution Agreement GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , is a manufacturer of innovative BulkONE bulk acoustic wave  high band RF filters for mobile wireless and general purpose RF catalog components. RFMW Ltd. is a specialized distributor ...'
p3
aS'Integrated Microwave Technologies  Launches DragonFly Ultra-Miniature ... PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2017 HACKETTSTOWN, N.J., Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Integrated Microwave Technologies , a business unit of xG Technology, Inc.  , and a leader in advanced digital microwave systems serving the law enforcement,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Akoustis Produces World's First Single-Crystal BAW RF Filters GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2016 Charlotte, N.C., July 25, 2016  -- Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , an innovator of high performance, single-crystal piezoelectric materials and bulk acoustic wave  resonators for mobile ..."
p5
aS'Survey: Design Is 73% White Co.Design  - Jan 31, 2017 Google was brought on by Material Design lead Jonathan Lee, who is also the AIGANY president, and the company provided the funding and built the site.'
p6
aS'Microphase IPO May Be A 5G Wireless Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Oct 17, 2016 Microphase Corporation is a provider of military microwave and RF  technology and wants to raise up to $12.25 million in its IPO.'
p7
aS'THE LGL GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 The LGL Group, Inc. is a holding company. The Company operates through its subsidiary, M-tron Industries, Inc., which includes the operations of Piezo Technology, Inc. and M-tron Asia, LLC . The Company operates through ...'
p8
aS'Globes Elektronik and Link Microtek create French joint-venture Electronics EETimes  - Oct 5, 2016 Specialist RF components distributors Globes Elektronik of Germany and Link Microtek of the UK have created a new company to deliver their services and distribute microwave and RF components in France, as Transtech Technologies SAS. ... the USA to get ...'
p9
aS"Snapchat's Mysterious 'Snap to Unlock' Ads Start to Pop Up AdAge.com - Sep 23, 2016 &quot;And you could get an exclusive filter for 24 hours, so there's exclusivity and the ability to share it. That makes sense for certain companies."
p10
a.