(lp0
S"MicroFinancial Incorporated Enters Into Agreement to be Acquired by Funds ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 15, 2014 BURLINGTON, Mass., Dec. 15, 2014  -- MicroFinancial Incorporated   has entered into a definitive agreement with MF Parent LP  and MF Merger Sub Corp. , each&nbsp;...Burlington's MicroFinancial to be bought - Boston Globe"
p1
aS'MicroFinancial Incorporated Announces New TimePayment Website GlobeNewswire  - Jul 8, 2014 ... CEO and President of MicroFinancial, Inc. &quot;The TimePayment customer base is increasingly looking to obtain information and support as quickly as possible; this update will allow us to expand our leadership role in the delivery of information and ...'
p2
aS'Bharat Financial Inclusion Moneycontrol.com - Sep 18, 2015 The company management includes P H Ravikumar - Non Exe.Chairman&amp;Ind.Director, M R Rao - Managing Director &amp; CEO, Geoffrey Tanner Woolley - Independent Director, Tarun Khanna - Independent Director, S Balachandran - Independent Director,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Strengthening microfinance NGOs for the poor BusinessWorld Online Edition - Mar 26, 2017 8480  dated June 20, 2016) where the Court ruled in favor of the CIR, stating that while the Microfinance NGOs Act was passed in 2015, there is no indication in the law that the ...'
p4
aS'BPI invests in microfinance bank Rizal Bank Inquirer.net - Aug 23, 2016 AYALA-led Bank of the Philippine Island has signed a deal to buy a 10 percent stake in microfinance-oriented rural bank Rizal Bank Inc. , expanding efforts to contribute to financial inclusion in the country. RBI, a member institution of CARD ...BPI buys 10% stake in Rizal Bank - GMA News'
p5
aS"Interest Cap Poses Body Blow for Cambodian Microfinance Tolerance.ca - Mar 27, 2017 Just months ahead of local elections, the Cambodian government has ordered the microfinance industry to cap interest rates on new and refinanced loans at 18 percent a year starting April 1. Unless she refinances, that probably won't matter to 32-year ..."
p6
aS"Microfinance in PHL at crossroads Business Mirror - Mar 1, 2017 The country's microfinance industry has consistently showed growth every year. According to the Microfinance Council of the Philippines Inc. , microfinance non-governmental organizations  recorded two years ago a total of 3.034 million&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Austin taco entrepreneur ready for next step, thanks in part to Whole Foods ... Austin Business Journal - 18 hours ago In addition to her own enthusiasm, Luna has built her business with the help of $9,000 in loans from Whole Planet Foundation, a nonprofit affiliated with Austin-based Whole Foods Market Inc., and Grameen America, a nonprofit microfinance organization&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'CIC inks pact to get data on microfinance BusinessWorld Online Edition - Aug 11, 2016 The state-controlled firm yesterday signed a Memorandum of Support with the Microfinance Information Data Sharing, Inc.  -- a credit bureau for Microfinance Institutions  -- which will provide the CIC access to around 4.6 million ...'
p9
aS"Dumaguete's Rizal Bank Inc. opens first branch in Visayas | SunStar Sun.Star - Apr 19, 2016 RIZAL Bank Inc. , a microfinance-oriented rural bank and a member institution of Center for Agriculture and Rural Development-Mutually Reinforcing Institutions , recently launched in Dumaguete City its first branch in Visayas."
p10
a.