(lp0
S'Mackinac Financial Corporation Declares Increased Cash Dividend on Common Stock GlobeNewswire  - 14 hours ago MANISTIQUE, Mich., March 28, 2017  -- Mackinac Financial Corporation , the bank holding company for mBank , announced the approval of a cash dividend by its Board of Directors on March 28, 2017.'
p1
aS"BRIEF-MACKINAC FINANCIAL CORP INCREASES DIVIDEND BY 20 PCT TO $0.12/COMMON SHARE Reuters - 13 hours ago NEW YORK, March 28 A congressional subcommittee on Tuesday urged Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello to finalize an $8.9 billion debt restructuring at the island's power utility, PREPA, before a deadline to close the deal expires on Friday."
p2
aS'Mackinac Financial Corporation to acquire First National Bank of Eagle River  CNNMoney - Jan 19, 2016 The Directors of Mackinac Financial Corporation  , the holding company for mBank, and the Directors of Ellis Bankshares, Inc. , the holding company for First National Bank of Eagle River , today announced the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Mackinac Financial Corporation Completes the Acquisition of First National ... Marketwired  - Aug 31, 2016 MANISTIQUE, MI-- - The Directors of Mackinac Financial Corporation  , the holding company for mBank, today announced the consummation of the acquisition of The First National Bank of Niagara&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Mackinac Financial Corporation  versus Salisbury ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Mackinac Financial Corporation  versus Salisbury Bancorp Inc  .'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Evans Bancorp Inc  is Beating Mackinac Financial ... CML News - Mar 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Evans Bancorp Inc  versus Mackinac Financial Corporation  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: MidSouth Bancorp Inc  is Beating Mackinac Financial ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Mackinac Financial Corporation  versus MidSouth Bancorp Inc  .'
p7
aS"Watch-list Stock of Traders: Mackinac Financial Corporation's  stock ... WsNews 4investors - Mar 27, 2017 Mackinac Financial Corporation  stock price distance from twenty day simple moving average slumped at -1.87% while its distance from fifty day simple moving average declined -1.38% along with 7.41% above distance from two hundred simple&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Bay Bancorp Inc  is Beating Mackinac Financial ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bay Bancorp Inc  versus Mackinac Financial Corporation  .'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Codorus Valley Bancorp Inc  is Beating Mackinac ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Codorus Valley Bancorp Inc  versus Mackinac Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.