(lp0
S"The Biggest Loser: Martin Marietta Materials Drops 2.9% Barron's  - Mar 24, 2017 Martin Marietta Materials, which makes gravel for roads and other infrastructure products, dropped 2.9% to $207.24, while the S&amp;P 500 dipped 0.1% to 2,343.98.Martin Marietta Materials Inc.  Dips 2.93% for March 24 - Equities.comMartin Marietta Materials, Inc.  Reaches $208.33 After 9.00% Down Move ... - MoneyMakingArticles"
p1
aS"Take Profits on Martin Marietta Stock Barron's - Mar 4, 2017 ... and gravel, has jumped 47% in the past year, even more than we projected in a story 12 months ago . The company's stock has been forklifted by a wave of new state highway projects,&nbsp;...Why Martin Marietta Materials Inc  Delivered An Inferior ROE Compared To ... - Simply Wall St"
p2
aS'Martin Marietta Materials  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Martin Marietta Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.Martin Marietta Optimistic on Infrastructure Investment - Wall Street JournalMartin Marietta  Misses Q4 Earnings Estimate; Beats Sales - Nasdaq'
p3
aS"Trump's Border Wall Gives Martin Marietta Texas-Sized Advantage Bloomberg - Mar 14, 2017 About two-thirds of President Donald Trump's proposed border wall with Mexico would cut through Texas and that's a boon for Martin Marietta Materials Inc., the state's biggest producer of cement, concrete and aggregates. Martin Marietta is well ...Insider Trading Activity Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.   Director ... - Market ExclusiveMartin Marietta Materials, Inc.  Receives $206.20 Consensus Price Target ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS"Martin Marietta Materials: Cramer's Top Takeaways TheStreet.com - Feb 28, 2017 In an &quot;Executive Decision&quot; segment, Cramer spoke with Ward Nye, chairman, president and CEO of Martin Marietta Materials  , a stock that's been on fire since the election as investors pin their hopes on a major infrastructure bill from Washington.Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 02 ... - NasdaqMartin Marietta Materials, Inc.  Shares Bought by Janus Capital ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS'Baillie Gifford Picked Up Martin Marietta Materials Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. is a supplier of aggregates products  for the construction industry, used for the construction of infrastructure, non-residential, and residential ...Large Outflow of Money Witnessed in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. - Money Flow Index & Trends'
p6
aS'Why Is Martin Marietta  Down 3.6% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc . MLM . Shares have lost about 3.6% in that time frame, underperforming the market.A look at a High Market Cap Stock: Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., MLM - The Daily LeicesterMartin Marietta Materials, Inc.  held by 60 SEC 13F Filers - Post Analyst'
p7
aS'Aristotle Capital Management LLC Decreases Stake in Martin Marietta Materials ... The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Martin Marietta Materials logo Aristotle Capital Management LLC cut its stake in shares of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.  by 0.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange ...Gabelli Funds LLC Has $1108000 Stake in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.  - Chaffey BreezeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Martin Marietta: Valuation Indicates Upside Seeking Alpha - Jun 22, 2016 Martin Marietta , being suppliers of aggregates and heavy building materials with operations in 26 states, is one of the largest suppliers of building products in America.'
p9
aS'Shares in Focus: Martin Marietta Materials Inc  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Investors have the ability to employ technical indicators when undertaking stock research. At the time of writing, Martin Marietta Materials Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -104.01. Developed by Donald Lambert, the CCI is a ...'
p10
a.