(lp0
S"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Magellan Midstream Partners LP Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 Despite challenging market conditions, last year was a record-setting one for Magellan Midstream Partners . Fueled by its best fourth quarter ever, the company produced $947.5 million in distributable cash flow for the full year, which was 0 ...Analyst's Predictions on Align Technology, Inc. , Magellan Midstream ... - StockNewsJournalMGE Energy, Inc.  Reaches $66.85 52-Week High, Magellan Midstream ... - Herald KS"
p1
aS"Will 2017 Be Magellan Midstream Partners, LP's Best Year Yet? Fox Business - Dec 30, 2016 Driving that decline is the company's direct exposure to commodity prices, which were weak in 2016. That said, prices are on the mend, which, when combined with the slew of growth projects Magellan Midstream Partners has in the pipeline, positions the&nbsp;...Why Shell Midstream Partners Fell 32% in 2016 - Market Realist"
p2
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners LP Posts a Solid Quarter, Ups Guidance Motley Fool - Nov 2, 2016 There are few revenue streams that are as resilient as Magellan Midstream Partners' . Thanks to another solid operating quarter, management felt confident to raise its guidance for distributable cash flow for the second time this year."
p3
aS"Magellan Midstream Announces New Agreement for Condensate Splitter, Reaffirms ... PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2017 TULSA, Okla., March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.  announced today that it has entered into a new fee-based, take-or-pay agreement with Trafigura Trading LLC for the exclusive use of Magellan's condensate&nbsp;...Magellan Midstream  Settles Splitter Deal Dispute - Yahoo FinanceWhy to Keeping Eye on Magellan Midstream Partners, LP , Dr Pepper Snapple ... - StockNewsJournal"
p4
aS"Consider Magellan Midstream, Despite The Low Yield Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Magellan Midstream Partners  doesn't offer much in terms of yield, but this MLP, which is engaged in transportation, storage and distribution of petroleum products, has delivered a blowout performance in the downturn and remains one of the&nbsp;...Magellan Midstream Partners' Management Sees 1 Hurdle in 2017, but Lots of ... - Motley Fool"
p5
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners LP's Earnings Steady as Management Tees Up Its ... Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 It seems that no matter how much change we see in the oil and gas market from quarter to quarter, earnings results from Magellan Midstream Partners  remain remarkably steady. Even though profits from the few business segments that are&nbsp;...Magellan Midstream Partners LP  Michael N. Mears on Q2 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS'Better Buy: Magellan Midstream Partners LP vs. Kinder Morgan Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 19, 2016 While Magellan Midstream Partners  and Kinder Morgan  are both energy infrastructure companies, the similarities really end right there.'
p7
aS'Stock Alert: Magellan Midstream Partners, LP Price Volatility Hits An Extreme Low CML News - 10 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.  has seen its stock price move at a rock bottom low level.'
p8
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners LP  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, Aaron Milford to review Magellan's fourth quarter financial results in more detail.Magellan Midstream Partners Posts Record Results Despite Customer Troubles - Motley FoolMagellan Midstream takes legal action against Trafigura - Reuters"
p9
aS'Better Buy: Magellan Midstream Partners LP vs. Enterprise Products Partners LP Motley Fool - Sep 28, 2016 Investors considering MLPs Magellan Midstream Partners  and Enterprise Products Partners  face a tough choice.'
p10
a.