(lp0
S"Trading Options During Earnings in Manitex International Inc  CML News - Mar 27, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Manitex International Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p1
aS'Manitex International, Inc. Will Report Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 24, 2017 BRIDGEVIEW, Ill., Feb. 24, 2017  -- Manitex International, Inc. , a leading international provider of cranes and container handling equipment, today announced that management will announce its fourth quarter and full&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Manitex International Inc  Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats ... Chaffey Breeze - 4 hours ago Manitex International logo Manitex International Inc  issued its earnings results on Monday. The company reported $0.02 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of  by $0.08.Manitex International, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto EdgeReviewing the Levels for Manitex International, Inc.  - The Herald'
p3
aS'Manitex International Inc : How Well Does It Fare Against This Financial ... Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like Manitex International Inc  with its market cap of USD $123 Million.Manitex International Inc.: Manitex International, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter ... - The Wall Street TranscriptManitex International Inc  Announces Earnings Results, Beats ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Manitex International, Inc. Announces Closing of ASV, Inc. Joint Venture with ... PR Newswire  - Dec 22, 2014 22, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Manitex International, Inc. , a leading international provider of cranes and specialized material and container handling equipment, today announced that it has successfully completed the formation of its Joint ...Terex Completes Formation of Joint Venture with Manitex - Zacks.com'
p5
aS'Manitex International, Inc. Announces New Credit Agreement Marketwired  - Jul 25, 2016 BRIDGEVIEW, IL-- - Manitex International, Inc. , a leading international provider of cranes and specialized material and container handling equipment, today announced that it has completed a new credit&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Manitex International Inc  Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 27, 2017 Manitex International logo Manitex International Inc  released its earnings results on Monday. The company reported $0.02 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of  by $0.08.Traders Actions to Focus: Manitex International, Inc.'s  - Is stories"
p7
aS"Manitex Waiting For The Tide To Change Seeking Alpha - Dec 28, 2016 With the evaporation of orders from the energy sector for the company's cranes, Manitex has found itself in difficult straits.Manitex Sells CVS Subsidiary as Part of Corporate Program - Zacks.com"
p8
aS'Manitex International, Inc. Announces ASV, Inc. Joint Venture with Terex ... PR Newswire  - Oct 29, 2014 BRIDGEVIEW, Ill., Oct. 29, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Manitex International, Inc. , a leading international provider of cranes and specialized material and container handling equipment, today announced an agreement to form a Joint Venture with&nbsp;...Terex to Form Joint Venture with Manitex International, Inc. - Business Wire '
p9
aS"What's Happening To These Stocks?  Manitex International, Inc. , New ... Post Analyst - Mar 27, 2017 Manitex International, Inc.  has made its way to a 12-month gain of 25.18%. Turning to New York Community Bancorp, Inc. , its shares were trading at $13.9 a retreat of $0, on the trading floor."
p10
a.