(lp0
S'Ascendant Resources Inc. Opens the Market Canada NewsWire  - Mar 23, 2017 TORONTO, March 23, 2017 /CNW/ - Chris Buncic, President &amp; CEO, Ascendant Resources Inc. , alongside Ascendant management team and guests, joined Eric Loree, Team Manager, Listed Issuer Services, TSX Venture Exchange to open the&nbsp;...Ascendant Resources Provides Progress Report on Its El Mochito Optimization ... - Marketwired Christopher Raymond Buncic Buys 28000 Shares of Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Ascendant Resources Reaches Agreement With New Union Representatives Resuming ... Junior Mining Network - Feb 3, 2017 3, 2017) - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce it has reached agreement between its mine workers and new union representatives to resume full operations at the El Mochito Mine during&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Ascendant Resources Obtains Receipt for Final Prospectus; Provides Operational ... Marketwired  - Jan 18, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that the final receipt has been issued by the Ontario Securities Commission and the securities&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Public Offering of Units Marketwired  - Feb 21, 2017 Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that it has filed a preliminary short form prospectus in connection with a marketed public offering  of units , with each Unit&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Ascendant Resources Ships First Zinc Concentrate to Partners Nyrstar Junior Mining Network - Feb 13, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce it has completed its first zinc concentrate shipment from the El Mochito mine marking a&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Appointment of Neil Ringdahl as Chief Operating ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Neil Ringdahl as Chief Operating Officer effective immediately.'
p6
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Closing of Underwritten Public Offering Junior Mining Network - Mar 7, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that it has closed its previously announced underwritten public offering  through&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Pricing of Underwritten Public Offering Marketwired  - Feb 22, 2017 Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that, in connection with its marketed public offering  previously announced on February 21, 2017, it has entered into an underwriting&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"The Christopher Raymond Buncic Buys 28000 Shares of Ascendant Resources Inc ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 24, 2017 Ascendant Resources Inc  Director Christopher Raymond Buncic bought 28,000 shares of the business's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 23rd.Insider Trading at Ascendant Resources Inc? - BBNSAscendant Resources Inc  Director Christopher Raymond Buncic Purchases ... - Community Financial News"
p9
aS'Morumbi Resources Completes Acquisition of El Mochito Mine Junior Mining Network - Dec 20, 2016 Separately, the Company also announces today that it has filed Articles of Amendment to give effect to its previously announced name change and consolidation.'
p10
a.