(lp0
S'Brokerage Analyst Weighing in on Model N, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Wall Street sell-side analysts have given shares of Model N, Inc.  a near-term target price of $10.333. This is the consensus number provided by analysts used by Zacks Research.'
p1
aS'Model N Completes Acquisition of Revitas, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Jan 5, 2017 REDWOOD CITY, CA-- - Model N, Inc. , a provider of cloud-based revenue management solutions to life sciences, technology and manufacturing companies, today announced it has completed its acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Model N  to Acquire Revitas StreetInsider.com - Dec 12, 2016 Model N, Inc. , a provider of cloud-based revenue management solutions to life sciences, technology and manufacturing companies, today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Revitas, Inc., a provider of life sciences&nbsp;...Model N Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Revitas - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Model N Announces New Revvy Products for Salesforce CPQ Marketwired  - Nov 2, 2016 REDWOOD CITY, CA-- - Model N, a leading provider of cloud-based revenue management solutions to life sciences, technology and manufacturing companies, today announced the launch of its new Revvy for Salesforce CPQ suite ...'
p4
aS'Model N  Up 2.1% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Model N, Inc. MODN. Shares have added about 2.1% in that time frame, underperforming the market.'
p5
aS'Chart Level Analysis on Shares of Model N Inc  Rives Journal - Mar 27, 2017 Many technical traders will be taking a look at different indicators to help figure out where shares may be heading. At the time of writing, Model N Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -5.57. Although the indicator uses the term&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Model N to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Model N is the leader in Revenue Management solutions. Driving mission critical business processes such as configure, price and quote , contract and rebate management, business intelligence, and regulatory compliance, Model N solutions transform&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Model N  to Post Q1 Earnings: What Lies In Store? Yahoo Finance - Jan 31, 2017 Model N Inc. MODN is scheduled to report first-quarter fiscal 2017 results on Feb 6. Last quarter, the company posted loss of 26 cents that was in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate.'
p8
aS'Is Model N Inc  Really As Financially Strong As Its Balance Sheet Indicates? Simply Wall St - Jan 5, 2017 Any company, including Model N Inc  with no debt in its capital structure, would maximize capital returns by having an optimal capital structure, which includes debt.'
p9
aS'Decision Time: Model N Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection Point CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Decision Time: Model N Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p10
a.