(lp0
S'Investor Watch on Shares of Moog Inc.  Rives Journal - 12 hours ago Moog Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.244695. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p1
aS'MOOG INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 About MOOG INC.  Moog Inc. is a designer, manufacturer and integrator of precision motion and fluid controls and systems for a range of applications in aerospace and defense and industrial markets.'
p2
aS"Moog Inc: Stuck In Neutral Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2015 Moog   is a designer and manufacturer of fluid and motion control systems. The company's products are technically-advanced and serve a purpose in a wide variety of industries, with Moog products present on commercial&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Moog, Inc. Sustains Profits Despite a Light Quarter Motley Fool - Aug 4, 2016 Moog Inc.  released fiscal third-quarter 2016 results late last week, and shares are up more than 7% since then despite continued top-line declines, and a slightly reduced revenue outlook from the precision-control components&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Moog's profits jump 18% despite lower sales Buffalo News - Nov 4, 2016 Moog Inc. CEO John Scannell thinks the Elma motion control equipment maker's cost-cutting efforts are paying off in a slow-growth environment."
p5
aS'Stock Target Review on Moog Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Using data provided from various analysts, shares of Moog Inc.  are presently listed with an ABR of N/A. This number is using a recommendation scale where the ratings range from a 1 to a 5. Following this scale, a 1 would signify a Strong ...'
p6
aS"Moog's profits drop 26%, prompting big cut in earnings forecast Buffalo News - Jan 29, 2016 They showed their disappointment in the earnings by dumping Moog shares in a flurry of selling that pushed the company's stock price down by 17 percent to a nearly three-year low.Moog Takes a Hit on Shrinking Sales, Gloomy Guidance - Motley Fool"
p7
aS'BRIEF-Moog Inc says entered a Retention Agreement with CFO Donald Fishback on ... Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 OSLO, March 26 Norwegian bank DNB has sold its share of loans funding the Dakota Access oil pipeline, it said on Sunday, ending its involvement in a project that has faced strong opposition from Native Americans and environmental groups.'
p8
aS'Educators touring Moog Inc., Cannon Design as part of STEM conference Buffalo Business First - Jun 29, 2015 Educators from around the state will be taking a diverse range of tours this week, including an East Aurora-based aerospace conglomerate and a prominent Grand Island design firm.'
p9
aS"Moog Reports First Quarter Results GlobeNewswire  - Jan 27, 2017 EAST AURORA, N.Y., Jan. 27, 2017  -- Moog Inc.   announced today financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.Moog's profits top analyst forecasts - Buffalo NewsMoog Rides the Aerospace Wave Higher - Motley Fool"
p10
a.