(lp0
S"Seed giant Monsanto meets its match as Hindu nationalists assert power in Modi ... Reuters - 19 hours ago Rao had also locked in a long-term licensing agreement with Monsanto Co, the world's largest seed company, for the technology used in genetically modified cotton seeds that made up the majority of his annual sales.Monsanto termination of sub-licence with Indian company illegal: High Court - The New Indian ExpressMonsanto loses legal battle with Indian seed producer - Reuters UK"
p1
aS"Monsanto Company : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - 14 hours ago Monsanto Company  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Agricultural Chemicals. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $114.09, up from yesterday's close by 0.37%.Monsanto Company surged in the Previous Trading Session with the Change of 0.37% - Free ObserverVetr Inc. Lowers Monsanto Company  to Hold - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS"EPA Official Accused of Helping Monsanto 'Kill' Cancer Study Bloomberg - Mar 14, 2017 The Environmental Protection Agency official who was in charge of evaluating the cancer risk of Monsanto Co.'s Roundup allegedly bragged to a company executive that he deserved a medal if he could kill another agency's investigation into the herbicide ...Monsanto Forged Academic Research &amp; 'Killed' Gov. Review Of Company - The Ring of Fire NetworkMonsanto accused of ghostwriting papers on Roundup cancer risk - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Update: After quick review, medical school says no evidence Monsanto ... Science Magazine - Mar 21, 2017 The documents, including internal emails written in 2015, reveal Monsanto executives strategizing about ways to work with academic and independent scientists to get out the company's message that glyphosate poses no risk of cancer. And they include&nbsp;...Monsanto Faces Hundreds of New Cancer Lawsuits as Debate Over Glyphosate Rages On - EcoWatchMonsanto Weed Killer: Scientific Manipulation Revealed - U.S. Right to Know  "
p4
aS'Monsanto Company gives $200000 to assist farmers impacted by wildfires High Plains Journal - Mar 23, 2017 Monsanto announced March 23 that it will donate a total of $200,000 to support disaster relief efforts in four states where farmers and ranchers have been affected by devastating wildfires.'
p5
aS'Why Monsanto  is a Must-Add Stock to Your Portfolio? Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago The upside has been driven by stellar performances of major materials stocks like Monsanto Company MON. Over the last six months, shares of this Zacks Rank #2  stock yielded a return of 13.25%, outperforming 9.34% growth recorded by the Zacks&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"PR Company Faces More Than 100 Lawsuits for Promoting Monsanto's Roundup Organic Authority - 20 hours ago Osborn &amp; Barr, an advertising firm based in St. Louis, Missouri, is facing more than 130 lawsuits over the link between its former client, Monsanto, and cases of cancer associated with Monsanto's best-selling herbicide, marketed as Roundup. The ..."
p7
aS"Monsanto weed killer caused cancer, Californians allege in new lawsuit The Mercury News - Mar 23, 2017 OAKLAND - Forty California residents are suing chemical giant Monsanto, alleging that exposure to the company's Roundup weed killer caused them to develop non-Hodgkin lymphoma.Unsealed documents reveal Monsanto's attempts to steer EPA science on Roundup - Food and Water WatchCongress Must Investigate Collusion Between Monsanto and the EPA. Now. - Common Dreams"
p8
aS'Monsanto Company: The Climate Corporation and Koch Agronomic Services ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 21, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO &amp; WICHITA, Kan.----The Climate Corporation, a subsidiary of Monsanto Company, and Koch Agronomic Services, LLC jointly announced today a research agreement that marks a significant step forward in applying&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Monsanto buildings appear on commercial realty site; company says it's an accident fox2now.com - Mar 17, 2017 CREVE COEUR, MO  - Agribusiness giant Monsanto denied rumors Friday that it was selling multiple buildings at its Creve Coeur campus after the buildings were discovered on a commercial realty site."
p10
a.