(lp0
S"Tables Look Set to Turn for Asia's Worst Property Market Bloomberg - Jul 27, 2016 ... correlation between the decline in gross gaming revenues and pricing in the mass residential market,&quot; said Macau-based Tom Ashworth, principal of Sniper Capital Ltd.Is Crown Resorts Ltd a buy at this share price? - Motley Fool Australia"
p1
aS"Global: Move over Hong Kong. Macau, China's former sin city is suddenly ... City A.M. - Jun 29, 2016 Alasdair is a freelance journalist who contributes to the Hot Property and Trave [..] Show ... Tower 6 of One Central is currently owned by UK listed Macau Property Opportunities Fund, while the others are backed by local Macau or Mainland Chinese ..."
p2
aS'Macau Property Withstands Downturn As Net Asset Value Rises In Half London South East   - Mar 2, 2017 LONDON  - Macau Property Opportunities Fund Ltd on Thursday said its adjusted net asset value increased 2.4% in the six months ended December 31.'
p3
aS'Patience pays off Macau Business Daily - Dec 16, 2016 A retail development property whose land was originally acquired in October of 2007, has finally received approval for its architectural concept, and will proceed to the submission of the detailed plans to the Land, Public Works and Transport Bureau&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Macau Slump Spreading From Gambling Tables to Property Market Bloomberg - Jun 24, 2015 Tom Ashworth, principal of Sniper Capital Ltd., expects housing prices to recover next year as new resorts begin to open, drawing more visitors and bringing in more foreign workers.'
p5
aS'Experts name best funds to be in right now Interactive Investor - Dec 2, 2016 ... follow a business model along the lines of Las Vegas. While local casino stocks such as Wynn Macau and MGM China have already surged in value, the overlooked UK-listed closed-ended fund Macau Property Opportunities  has yet to join the party.'
p6
aS"Best investment trusts of 2013: Bold bet on China's gambling capital Macau ... This is Money - Dec 13, 2013 Investors who placed a bet on property in China's gambling capital have reaped rich rewards in 2013, with Macau Property Opportunities named the best performing investment trust of the year. The trust which invests in property in high octane casino and&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Investment trusts in 2015: which returned 50pc for investors? Telegraph.co.uk - Dec 23, 2015 Instead, the trust is in the process of selling down its property investments and then returning cash to shareholders, and this has greatly influenced the price.'
p8
aS"MPO Fund sees opportunities from land leasehold concession issues Macau Business Daily - Jan 8, 2016 Macau Property Opportunities Fund Ltd , managed by property investment company Sniper Capital, thought the local government's policy on the issue of leasehold concessions' expiry would not bring negative effects to its invested properties but&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'3 under-value investment trusts to retire on Motley Fool UK - Feb 10, 2017 As shares in investment trusts trade just like any equity, with a limited number of shares in place, these trusts can trade at a discount or premium to their underlying assets, offering investors a chance to buy a portfolio of shares at less than cost ...'
p10
a.