(lp0
S"Today Analysts Focus on Microsemi Corporation , Zynerba Pharmaceuticals ... StockNewsJournal - 14 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Microsemi Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -1.16 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"'Steady As She Goes' For Microsemi Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 Microsemi's first-quarter results were good enough, but don't move the needle on the standalone value. Drivers like growing satellite builds and the ongoing roll-out of 100G should be good for margins, and Microsemi is well placed to benefit from ..."
p2
aS'Once Overlooked, Microsemi Is Now The Belle Of The Ball Seeking Alpha - Nov 23, 2016 Microsemi is sticking to the plan and looking for above-average revenue growth and margin leverage driven by aerospace, defense, communications, and datacenter storage, as well as merger integration.'
p3
aS"Why Microsemi Corporation Stock Jumped Motley Fool - Nov 3, 2016 Shares of semiconductor solutions company Microsemi  surged as much as 19.5% on Thursday following the company's launch of new Ethernet PHYs for industrial and internet of things  applications.Calls Catch Fire on Microsemi Corporation  M&amp;A Buzz - Schaeffers Research Microsemi Corporation  Surges Higher on Chip Deal Frenzy - Scibility Media"
p4
aS'Hyperscale Your Returns With Microsemi Corporation Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2017 Microsemi Corporation  is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductor solutions, differentiated by power, security, reliability, and performance.'
p5
aS"Institutional Ownership Update on Microsemi Corporation  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Microsemi Corporation 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late. Institutions are currently holders of 99.00% of the shares.Microsemi Corporation , Invitation Homes Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of ... - The USA CommerceMicrosemi Corporation  has been downgraded to Sell in a statement ... - Breaking Finance News"
p6
aS'Microsemi: The Diamond In The Rough Among Semiconductors Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 MSCC is the most diversified and best-positioned semi vendor in analog/RF/MW defense/aerospace sector - positioned to leverage Trump defense spending increase.'
p7
aS'Microsemi Delivers Scalable Fronthaul Solution for 4G and 5G Mobile Networks PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 ALISO VIEJO, Calif., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, today announced a new mobile fronthaul solution ...'
p8
aS'Microsemi Corporation  PT Raised to $62 at Mizuho Securities StreetInsider.com - Jan 27, 2017 Mizuho Securities raised its price target on Microsemi Corporation  to $62.00  while maintaining a Buy rating.Microsemi Reports First Quarter 2017 Results - PR Newswire '
p9
aS"Analyst's Proposition on Microsemi Corporation , Knight Transportation ... The USA Commerce - Mar 22, 2017 Microsemi Corporation  share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $57.97.Microsemi to Close China Manufacturing Facility - Yahoo FinanceToday Analysts Focus on MiMedx Group, Inc. , Microsemi Corporation  - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.