(lp0
S'A glance at the history of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Fox Business - Jun 22, 2015 1997: Martha Stewart, a former caterer, establishes Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, consolidating her books, the Martha Stewart Living magazine and a TV show under one umbrella. The business also includes Martha Stewart Everyday products at Kmart.Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Sold for $353 Million - AdAge.comMartha Stewart Living to Be Bought by Sequential for $353 Million - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS'Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Announces Closing of Merger with Sequential ... PR Newswire  - Dec 4, 2015 Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.  is a diversified media and merchandising company, inspiring and engaging consumers with unique lifestyle content and distinctive products.Sequential Brands Group Announces Closing of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia ... - GlobeNewswire Sequential completes Martha Stewart Living takeover - New York Post'
p2
aS'17% Annual Return From Martha Stewart Seeking Alpha - Aug 12, 2015 Martha Stewart Living  operates in publishing, merchandise, and broadcasting. Its websites include Martha Stewart Living, Martha Stewart Collection, Martha Stewart Pets, Martha Stewart Crafts, Martha Stewart Weddings, Everyday Food and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Announces Preliminary Stockholder Merger ... PR Newswire  - Dec 2, 2015 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.   announced today the preliminary results of the merger consideration elections made by stockholders of the company in connection with the company's proposed merger&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Macy's Settles Legal Dispute With Martha Stewart Living Bloomberg - Jan 2, 2014 Macy's Inc. and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. settled litigation over whether Martha Stewart breached a contract by selling certain goods at J.C.Martha Stewart, Macy's Settle Fight Over JC Penney Sales - Law360 Martha Stewart Living and Macy's Settle Dispute and Keep Partnership - New York Times"
p5
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Reports Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Nov 5, 2015 In addition, MSLO's stockholders may request a free copy of the proxy statement/prospectus and other of MSLO's filings with the SEC from MSLO's website at www."
p6
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2014 Results PR Newswire  - Mar 5, 2015 Fourth quarter results reflect the beginning of the impact of our partnership with Meredith Corporation , pursuant to which, effective November 1, MSLO, among other things, discontinued the publication of Martha Stewart Living and Martha ...Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia's  CEO Dan Dienst on Q4 2014 Results ... - Seeking Alpha "
p7
aS'Sequential Brands Group and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Announce ... PR Newswire  - Nov 23, 2015 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Sequential Brands Group, Inc.   and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.   announced today that MSLO stockholders that wish to make an election with respect to the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia: Unfavorable Trends Make Her A Sell Seeking Alpha  - Feb 12, 2015 Time Use Survey of American's time spent on both interior and exterior repair, maintenance and decoration has been in decline the last 10 years now."
p9
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Reports Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Aug 5, 2015 Revenues in the second quarter of 2015 were $6.1 million, compared to $22.2 million in the prior year's second quarter reflecting our agreement with Meredith Corporation which resulted in MSLO's elimination of advertising and circulation revenue from&nbsp;..."
p10
a.