(lp0
S"Men's Wearhouse Announces New Holding Company: Tailored Brands, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 29, 2016 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Men's Wearhouse  today announced that, effective January 31, 2016, Men's Wearhouse will implement a holding company structure. The new holding company is Tailored Brands, Inc., a Texas corporation.Men's Wearhouse looking to augment growth under new identity - Chain Store Age"
p1
aS"Why Shares of Men's Wearhouse Inc. Plummeted in 2015 Motley Fool - Jan 7, 2016 What: Shares of apparel retailer Men's Wearhouse  collapsed in 2015, falling 66.7%, according to S&amp;P Capital IQ data."
p2
aS"Fired From the Company That Made Him Famous, an Entrepreneur Seeks Payback Inc.com - May 21, 2016 In fact, Zimmer tells Inc. exclusively that he's been talking with private equity groups about trying to buy back Men's Wearhouse. &quot;The combination of what I've built in the past couple of years and what we created in the 40 years before would be a ...Men's Wearhouse founder eyes deal for his old company - New York PostMen's Wearhouse Founder Wants To Buy His Company Back - Fortune"
p3
aS"Men's Wearhouse Founder George Zimmer Reveals 'Lifetime Passion' for Marijuana Fortune - Feb 13, 2017 In an interview with Business Insider, Zimmer said he's been smoking marijuana since the 1960s. Sometimes his smoking was to cope with hard times, including a battle with alcoholism and his termination from Men's Wearhouse in 2013. While he hasn't had&nbsp;...Men's Wearhouse founder reveals how smoking marijuana for 50 years changed his ... - Business Insider"
p4
aS"Men's Wearhouse parent falters after Macy's tux-rental partnership falls short MarketWatch - Mar 9, 2017 Men's Wearhouse parent Tailored Brands Inc. shares took a 32% nosedive in Thursday trading, after the company reported results that missed expectations and a $14 million impairment charge after a tuxedo business partnership with Macy's Inc. didn't go ...Tailored Brands shares shredded by lousy earnings report - CNNMoneyMen's Wearhouse Says Its Tuxedo Business at Macy's Is a Flop - Fortune"
p5
aS"Mean Price Target Of Men's Wearhouse, Inc.   At $16 Equities Focus - Mar 17, 2017 Men's Wearhouse, Inc.   mean price target is $16. Thomson Reuters averaged forecasters given shares calls in First Call survey."
p6
aS"Men's Wearhouse parent company names new president Houston Business Journal - Mar 23, 2017 Tailored Brands Inc., one of the largest public companies based in Houston, named a new president. The company  promoted Bruce Thorn to president and COO from executive vice president and COO, according to a press release.Tailored Brands  Names Bruce Thorn as President and COO - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS"PEG Ratio Of Men's Wearhouse, Inc.   At 0 Equities Focus - Mar 6, 2017 Market professionals have $16 fixed mean price target on Men's Wearhouse, Inc.   stock. This is the spot attained in First Call survey."
p8
aS"Men's Wearhouse, Inc.   Market Cap At $N/A Equities Focus - Mar 2, 2017 The review of N/A verifies that the 50-day MA of Men's Wearhouse, Inc.   stock is $13, and is trading $N/A points away or N/A from 50-day MA of $13."
p9
aS"Tailored Brands Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wunderlich Chaffey Breeze - 38 minutes ago Tailored Brands, Inc is a holding company of The Men's Wearhouse, Inc The Company is a specialty apparel retailer offering suits, suit separates, sport coats, slacks, business casual, sportswear, outerwear, dress shirts, shoes and accessories for men ...Tailored Brands  Says Dinesh Lathi To Succeed William Sechrest as Chairman - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.