(lp0
S"How Does Myriad Genetics, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Myriad Genetics, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Research Services. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $19.25, down from yesterday's close by -0.67%.Analyst Activity  Cowen and Company Reiterates Market Perform on Myriad ... - Market ExclusiveMyriad Genetics, Inc.  has Current Market Capitalizaion of $1.31 Billion - The Newburgh Press"
p1
aS'Better Buy: Myriad Genetics, Inc. vs. Opko Health, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 11, 2017 There are three primary arguments in favor of buying Myriad Genetics stock. The company is a leader in the U.S. hereditary cancer screening market and is poised to expand its lead.Why Is Myriad Genetics  Up 15.8% Since the Last Earnings Report? - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS"Why Myriad Genetics, Inc. Got Crushed Today Motley Fool - Oct 10, 2016 Myriad Genetics  fell 11.6% today, after Tesaro  presented data at the European Society for Medical Oncology that suggest Myriad Genetics' companion diagnostic test might not be necessary before treating ovarian-cancer&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Here's Why Myriad Genetics, Inc. Had Its DNA Scrambled, Causing Its Stock to ... Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 Myriad Genetics , a personalized medicine company that provides an array of molecular diagnostic tests, had its DNA scrambled in August, with shares of the company plunging 34% during the month, according to data from S&amp;P Global&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Why Myriad Genetics, Inc. Got Pummeled Today Motley Fool - Aug 10, 2016 So what: Revenue was down just 3% in Myriad Genetics' fourth fiscal quarter, but the largest segment, hereditary cancer testing, fell 7% year over year as competition for its tests resulted in lower volumes and some declines in prices as the company ...Myriad Genetics: Buy On The Drop? - Seeking AlphaWhy Analysts Are Abandoning Myriad Genetics Upside Hopes - 24/7 Wall St."
p5
aS'Company in Focus: Myriad Genetics, Inc.  Rives Journal - 7 hours ago Myriad Genetics, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.459525. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p6
aS'Why Myriad Genetics, Inc. Stock Dropped 61% in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 13, 2017 Shares of Myriad Genetics, Inc. , a DNA diagnostics specialist, dropped 61.4% last year, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p7
aS"Fast-growing startup, Assurex Health, sold to Utah-based Myriad Genetics Inc. WCPO - Aug 3, 2016 CINCINNATI -- A Utah company has acquired one of the region's most successful startups, Mason-based Assurex Health, in a deal worth up to $410 million.Myriad Genetics Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Assurex Health - GlobeNewswire Mason's Assurex Acquired By Myriad Genetics - WVXU"
p8
aS"Bull Vs. Bear: Myriad Genetics, Inc. Motley Fool - May 25, 2016 To help answer that question, we asked two of our Motley Fool contributors to put their best case for and against investing in Myriad Genetics' stock right now. Have a look at what they say before making your own decision about the molecular ..."
p9
aS"Why Myriad Genetics, Inc. Got Knocked Down Today Motley Fool - Nov 2, 2016 Some of Myriad Genetics' other tests are experiencing substantial growth -- for example, sales of Prolaris and Endo Predict tests were up 314% and 113%, respectively -- but the hereditary cancer tests make up such a large percentage of Myriad Genetics'&nbsp;...Myriad Genetics  Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaMyriad Genetics Reports Fiscal First-Quarter 2017 Financial Results - GlobeNewswire "
p10
a.