(lp0
S"Scientific instruments producer hires Austin chipmaker exec as CFO Austin Business Journal - Mar 27, 2017 Update: Regulatory filings show that Karen Rapp will earn an annual salary of $375,000 as CFO of National Instruments Corp.CFO Moves: National Instruments, Spok Holdings, Herc Holdings - Wall Street Journal  What are Analyst's Indicators for National Instruments Corporation , AMC ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'National Instruments trims workforce as largest customer pulls back Austin Business Journal - Jan 30, 2017 National Instruments Corp. said it plans to slim down its workforce through attrition amid a dip in fourth-quarter revenue.'
p2
aS'Headwinds Hurt National Instruments Corp. Earnings Motley Fool - Jul 28, 2016 A weaker global economy and volatile foreign currencies blew against National Instruments  in the second quarter.'
p3
aS'National Instruments Corporation versus Zebra Technologies Corporation Head to ... CML News - 17 hours ago National Instruments Corporation has a higher fundamental rating than Zebra Technologies Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p4
aS'National Instruments  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 28, 2016 I have worked with this team for many years and I have complete confidence in their ability to take NI to the next level. I am handing over the reins at a time when we have made significant progress on some very large multi-year investments in both ...'
p5
aS'National Instruments: Participation In These 2 Markets Will Increase Takeover ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 The company, a designer/manufacturer of software and equipment that markets their products to the scientific and engineering communities, continues to be a takeover target.'
p6
aS"Zacks Investment Research upgraded National Instruments Corp  to ... Breaking Finance News - 55 minutes ago Zacks Investment Research has upgraded National Instruments Corp  to Hold in a report released on 3/29/2017. Just yesterday National Instruments Corp  traded 1.09% higher at $32.37. National Instruments Corp's 50-day&nbsp;...National Instruments Corporation  Broker Price Targets For The ... - Fiscal Standard"
p7
aS"National Instruments' new CEO to collect $700K salary Austin Business Journal - Aug 31, 2016 The National Instruments Corp. executive set to replace retiring CEO James Truchard in January will receive a base salary of $700,000 and be eligible for a $560,000 annual bonus, the Austin company reported Tuesday.The Top Austin Tech Hires, Promotions and Departures in August - Austin Inno"
p8
aS'Stock Target Review on National Instruments Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Using data provided from various analysts, shares of National Instruments Corporation  are presently listed with an ABR of 1. This number is using a recommendation scale where the ratings range from a 1 to a 5. Following this scale, a 1&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Capital One Financial, Lazard and National Instruments Forbes - Feb 7, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 2/9/17, Capital One Financial Corp , Lazard , and National Instruments Corp.  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends ...'
p10
a.