(lp0
S"Great American Insurance to Acquire National Interstate Corporation Insurance Journal - Jul 25, 2016 National Interstate Corp. , based in Richfield, Ohio, announced it has agreed to be acquired by Great American Insurance Co.National Interstate enters merger agreement with American Financial Group - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p1
aS"National Interstate has large expansion plans Crain's Cleveland Business - Aug 21, 2016 National Interstate Corp. is weighing a $17.5 million headquarters addition, and a nearby empty building will gain a big tenant as the realty pulse picks up at Richfield's Kinross Lakes."
p2
aS'National Interstate Corp. gets a new owner and begins expanding in Richfield Akron Beacon Journal - Nov 11, 2016 Employees and owners of National Interstate Corp. had a lot to celebrate Thursday in Richfield. In the morning, shareholders agreed to make the niche insurer a wholly owned subsidiary of its majority shareholder, Cincinnati-based American Financial Group.'
p3
aS"Anthony Mercurio named president of National Interstate Corp. Crain's Cleveland Business - Nov 17, 2015 National Interstate Corp. , a specialty property and casualty insurance holding company based in Richfield, said it has promoted Anthony J. Mercurio to president."
p4
aS"Special Committee of National Interstate Corporation Rejects Latest Proposal ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 29, 2016 RICHFIELD, Ohio, June 29, 2016  -- National Interstate Corporation   announced today that the Special Committee of its Board of Directors has unanimously rejected the verbal proposal from Great&nbsp;...National Interstate special committee rejects sweetened buyout offer from ... - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p5
aS"Anthony Mercurio to succeed David Michelson as National Interstate Corp. CEO Crain's Cleveland Business - Dec 23, 2015 Specialty insurer National Interstate Corp.  of Richfield will have a new CEO next year. The company announced that Anthony  J. Mercurio, currently president and chief operating officer of National Interstate, will succeed David W."
p6
aS"National Interstate Corp. retains Morgan Stanley to review buyout offer Crain's Cleveland Business - Apr 22, 2016 Specialty transportation insurer National Interstate Corp.  announced that a special committee of its board of directors has retained Morgan Stanley &amp; Co."
p7
aS"American Financial Group, Inc. and National Interstate Corporation Announce ... Yahoo Finance - Nov 10, 2016 American Financial Group, Inc.  and National Interstate Corporation  today announced the closing of the previously announced merger whereby AFG acquired all shares of National Interstate not previously owned by AFG's wholly-owned&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"National Interstate 'bursting at the seams' during big year Crain's Cleveland Business - Nov 20, 2016 It's been quite a ride leading into 2017 for National Interstate Corp. The property and casualty insurance underwriter specializing in commercial transportation and niche products was founded in 1989, and in 1992, it still had under $10 million in ..."
p9
aS"American Financial Group seeks to buy remaining shares of National Interstate ... Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 7, 2016 The $30-per-share price represents a 32.7% premium over National Interstate's closing price of $22.61 on Friday, March 4. National Interstate shares surged on the news; just before 3 p.m. Monday, March 7, the company's stock was trading at $29.55, a ...National Interstate Surges on American Financial Buyout Bid - BloombergAmerican Financial Offers to Buy Rest of Insurer National Interstate for $293M - Insurance Journal"
p10
a.