(lp0
S'Did Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  Create Value For Shareholders Over ... Simply Wall St - Mar 21, 2017 With a ROE of 23.7%, Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged a ROE of 27.45%.$0.00 EPS Expected for Navidea Biopharmaceuticals ; Energizer Holdings ... - Herald KSThis Weeks Target Prices For Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  - NewsDen'
p1
aS'Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  recently sold by insider LARSON ... Post Analyst - 13 hours ago Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  reached 119.23% versus a 1-year low price of $0.26. The stock was last seen -1.72% lower, reaching at $0.57 on Mar. 27, 2017.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardMF Rank Review for Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  - The Herald'
p2
aS'Navidea Biopharmaceuticals: Short-Term Pain Or Short-Term Gain? Seeking Alpha - Oct 10, 2016 Navidea  has recently been embroiled in a trench war of litigation with its loan instrument Capital Royalty Group , which starting in the first part of 2016.'
p3
aS"What We Expect Going Forward From Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  Insider Financial - Oct 13, 2016 We've followed Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  pretty closely over the last year or so. The company is embroiled in litigation, the outcome of which essentially could decide its future as a drugmaker, and this has weighed heavily on its&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Enters into Letter of Intent with Cardinal Health ... Yahoo Finance - Sep 6, 2016 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced that it has executed a Letter of Intent  with Cardinal Health, Inc.  for the sale of all rights, title and interest to Navidea's Lymphoseek product for all FDA-approved ...Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  Navidea Biopharmaceuticals  Stock: Continuing Up | Can It Hold Onto Gains? - CNA Finance "
p5
aS'NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 About NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics.Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p6
aS"Company Update : Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc's Lymphoseek(r ... Smarter Analyst - Sep 16, 2016 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  has announced that the European Medicines Agency's  Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use  has granted a positive opinion for a new Lymphoseek 50 microgram kit for&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Submission of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 About NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics.'
p8
aS"Navidea Biopharmaceuticals'  CEO Michael Goldberg on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Good morning and welcome to the Navidea Biopharmaceuticals' Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. My name is Carey and I will be your operator for today's call.Navidea Reports 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results - Business Wire "
p9
aS'Traders Take Note: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Take Note: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...Updated Trading Report: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  - Is storiesNavidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  Analyst Opinion And Outlook - Post Analyst'
p10
a.