(lp0
S'Nasdaq threatens Reston contractor with delisting Washington Business Journal - Mar 27, 2017 Reston-based NCI Inc. , which has launched an investigation into its allegations of embezzlement by a former employee, is now staring down the threat of getting delisted from the Nasdaq stock exchange, according to regulatory filings.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For NCI, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS'NCI, Inc.  Announces Receipt of NASDAQ Notification for Late Form 10-K ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 24, 2017 NCI, Inc.  , a leading provider of information technology and professional services and solutions to U.S.NCI, INC.  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'NCI, Inc.  Controller Embezzled Money StreetInsider.com - Jan 23, 2017 NCI, Inc.  announced today that, based upon preliminary findings, it has discovered that its controller, acting alone, embezzled money from the Company.NCI accuses employee of embezzling millions - Washington Business JournalNCI controller accused of embezzling $18M over six years - Washington Technology'
p3
aS'Rosen Law Firm Continues to Investigate Securities Claims Against NCI, Inc. - NCIT GlobeNewswire  - Jan 23, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 15, 2017  -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces it is continuing to investigate potential securities claims on behalf of shareholders of NCI, Inc. resulting from allegations that NCI may have&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Court freezes alleged NCI embezzler's assets as feds open investigation Washington Business Journal - Feb 15, 2017 A circuit court judge in Fairfax County has frozen the assets of a former controller at NCI Inc. following allegations last month that he embezzled millions from the company over several years, court documents filed on Feb. 2 reveal."
p5
aS'Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of NCI, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 24, 2017 NEW YORK, Jan. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harwood Feffer LLP  is investigating potential claims against the board of directors of NCI, Inc.   concerning whether the board has breached its fiduciary&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Market Focus: Zooming in on Shares of NCI, Inc.  The Standard - 15 hours ago Tracking shares of NCI, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 201669. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.Stock Update: Focusing on Shares of NCI, Inc.  - Davidson RegisterIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy NCI, Inc. ? - The De Soto Edge'
p7
aS'NCI makes abrupt change at the top Washington Business Journal - Oct 31, 2016 The leadership of Reston-based government IT firm NCI Inc.  is changing hands, with the company announcing Monday that industry vet Paul Dillahay is taking over as president and CEO.NCI, Inc.  CEO Clark Resigns; Successor Named - StreetInsider.comNCI names new CEO as Clark departs - Washington Technology'
p8
aS'NCI, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Feb 13, 2017 As previously disclosed on January 23, 2017, NCI, Inc., a Delaware corporation , commenced an internal investigation upon discovering that its former controller, Jon Frank, had been embezzling money from the Company.'
p9
aS"NCI talks a lot about acquisitions. But would it consider a sale? Washington Business Journal - Oct 27, 2016 Reston-based NCI Inc.  hasn't been shy about its intention to make a major needle-moving merger or acquisition, but in Wednesday's third-quarter earnings call, the company entertained the idea of potentially being on the other side of the&nbsp;..."
p10
a.