(lp0
S'Energy Systems Group to Upgrade Infrastructure at Naval Base Coronado Marketwired  - Mar 22, 2017 &quot;We are honored to support the United States Navy by installing new energy infrastructure that will directly impact the important mission of Naval Base Coronado,&quot; said Steve Spanbauer, senior vice president of Energy Systems Group. &quot;ESG will be&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'South Australia launches new clean energy plan to combat grid black-out issues The Climate Group - Mar 20, 2017 South Australia launches new clean energy plan to combat grid black-out issues. Author: ... The state has now released a new energy plan to improve energy security and continue its journey towards a cleaner energy system. ... Libby Ferguson, States ...'
p2
aS'New collaboration sparks Energy Catapult The Business Desk - Mar 21, 2017 The Birmingham-based Energy Systems Catapult and the trade body representing the interests of trade associations in the energy and power industry have signed a new collaboration agreement. The former declaration between the catapult and BEAMA&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Events Triple Pundit   - 23 hours ago Improved energy efficiency: Energy efficiency includes cutting back on emissions in vehicles and improving the energy efficiency in buildings, both in their heating, ventilation and air conditioning  systems and in their design. Smart urban ...'
p4
aS"Three foreign-connected groups compete to take over Ohio State's energy systems The Columbus Dispatch - Mar 22, 2017 Brookfield Asset Management of Toronto, Canada, and its Enwave District Energy, a sustainable energy services company."
p5
aS'Valmet to supply a biomass-fired boiler and a flue gas cleaning system to ... Marine Log - 11 hours ago Valmet will deliver a biomass-fired CYMIC power boiler and a flue gas cleaning system to Buzen New Energy LLC. located in the city of Buzen in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.'
p6
aS'The energy transition is going local: actions, ambition and vision The Climate Group - Mar 21, 2017 LONDON: Sub-national governments are key actors in driving the energy transition and securing a cleaner, healthier and prosperous future - an event organized by The Climate Group and E3G has shown today. ... Manon Dufour, Head of Brussels Office, E3G ...'
p7
aS'Gatwick Turns Airline Waste Into Energy On-Site With New Waste Plant CIWM Journal Online - Mar 24, 2017 The new 3.8m waste plant will not only disposes of category 1 waste onsite, but will convert it, and other organic waste, into energy to heat the new waste management site and power its water recovery system. The plant is set to save 1,000 in energy ...'
p8
aS'FTSE 100 up as pound slips prior to Brexit trigger Stock Market Wire - 18 minutes ago TUI AG , down 1.28% to 1120.5p, has reiterated its guidance of at least 10% growth in group underlying EBITA for 2016/17.'
p9
aS'Vattenfall to use BMW lithium batteries for energy storage projects CleanTechnology News, Industry Analysis, Market Research Reports - Clean Technology Business Review - Mar 16, 2017 &quot;We want to use the sites where we generate electricity from renewable energies in order to drive the transformation to a new energy system and to facilitate the integration of renewable energies into the energy system with the storage facilities.'
p10
a.