(lp0
S'National Oilwell Varco: Worth A Look? Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 It is the right time to take a look at National Oilwell Varco . Oil prices are expected to recover in the next 12 months and we have already seen an increase in the drilling activity.How Does National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournalHow These Oil &amp; Gas Stocks are Faring? -- TechnipFMC, National Oilwell Varco ... - PR Newswire '
p1
aS'Critical Chart Information For National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  NY Stock News - 18 hours ago The technicals for National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p2
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: National Oilwell Varco Inc Implied Price ... CML News - 10 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that National Oilwell Varco Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p3
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: National Oilwell Varco, Inc. , EOG Resources ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -12.09 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average ...National Oilwell Varco, Inc. subtracted -0.1% in its Stock Price in the ... - Free ObserverStock in Review: National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  - Aiken Advocate"
p4
aS'National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 15, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.05 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 31, 2017.'
p5
aS'National Oilwell Varco Reaches Analyst Target Price Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017 In recent trading, shares of National Oilwell Varco Inc  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $39.13, changing hands for $39.15/share.'
p6
aS'Traders Take Note: National Oilwell Varco Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness ... CML News - 17 hours ago Take Note: National Oilwell Varco Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and ...'
p7
aS'Earnings Estimates Moving Higher for National Oilwell Varco : Time to Buy? Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. NOV is engaged in the manufacture of oil and gas drilling-related equipments. This company could be an interesting play for investors because, not only does the stock have decent short-term momentum, but it is seeing solid&nbsp;...National Oilwell Varco Inc.  Dips 3.47% for March 02 - Equities.comArgus Upgrades National-Oilwell Varco  to Buy - StreetInsider.com'
p8
aS'Taking a Look at the Data Behind National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 National Oilwell Varco, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Oil &amp; Gas Equipment &amp; Services.National Oilwell Varco Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 09 - Equities.com'
p9
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: QVC Group , National Oilwell Varco, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 20, 2017 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $39.21, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.03, compared to an industry average at 1.71.'
p10
a.