(lp0
S'Why NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Shares Soared 28% in January Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2015 What: Shares of NPS Pharmaceuticals , a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing therapies targeted at rare and orphan-class diseases, soared by 28% in January, per S&amp;P Capital IQ, after a double dose of good news.'
p1
aS'Why NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stock Lifted Off in Midday Trading Motley Fool - Dec 17, 2014 So what: According to a Bloomberg report released during the trading session, Ireland-based Shire  is considering an offer for NPS Pharmaceuticals. Whether or not a bid would actually come to fruition will depend on whether or not Natpara,&nbsp;...Shire Said to Weigh Offer for NPS as It Revisits Deals - BloombergNPS Pharmaceuticals and Shire Up on Takeover Rumors - Zacks.com'
p2
aS'Shire to Buy NPS Pharmaceuticals for $5.2 Billion Wall Street Journal - Jan 11, 2015 Shire PLC is buying NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc., a maker of treatments for rare diseases, for $5.2 billion, returning to deal-making with the help of the breakup fee it received from one-time suitor AbbVie Inc. The all-cash deal, for $46 a share, would ...'
p3
aS"Cheap Stocks Wall Street Loves: NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 7, 2014 What makes NPS Pharmaceuticals so cheap is Wall Street's astronomical five-year growth forecast of nearly 109% per year for the company, placing its PEG ratio well below one, and technically qualifying NPS as an inexpensive stock even after a 150% run&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'NPS Pharmaceuticals: Misunderstood Assets And Compelling Value Play Seeking Alpha - Jun 27, 2012 NPS Pharmaceuticals  - based in Bedminster, NJ is a biotechnology company that engages in the development of therapeutics for the treatment of rare gastrointestinal and endocrine disorders.'
p5
aS'Shire Said To Consider Buying NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  ValueWalk - May 30, 2014 The report said that Shire PLC    has been quietly working with a number of advisors and talking internally about possibly making an offer for NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. . The amount the drug maker is&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'NPS Pharmaceuticals Moves Up In Market Cap Rank, Passing First Solar Forbes - Jan 9, 2015 In the latest look at stocks ordered by largest market capitalization, Russell 3000 component NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc.  was identified as having a larger market cap than the smaller end of the S&amp;P 500, for example First Solar Inc (NASD ...'
p7
aS'NPS Pharmaceuticals: The Small Bio-Tech You Should Not Be Ignoring With 30% Upside Seeking Alpha - Jul 21, 2014 NPS Pharmaceuticals  is a biopharmaceutical that focuses on developing best-in-class therapies for extremely rare diseases that would otherwise not garner much attention from other competitors.'
p8
aS'Shire Completes Acquisition of NPS Pharma PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2015 Shire plc  announces the successful completion of the tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  and the subsequent acquisition of NPS Pharma. The tender offer expired at 12:00&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Orphan Drug Company NPS Pharmaceuticals May Find Few Buyers TheStreet.com - Jan 6, 2015 Following on a year of blockbuster pharmaceutical deals, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that NPS had retained Goldman Sachs &amp; Co.Does Buying NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Makes Sense For Pharma Companies? - InvestCorrectly'
p10
a.