(lp0
S'National Security Group, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - 22 hours ago The National Security Group, Inc. is an insurance holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates through two segments: property and casualty insurance, and life insurance.'
p1
aS'National Security Group swings to fourth-quarter loss on a YOY basis Myiris.com - Mar 27, 2017 National Security Group Inc  swung to a net loss for the quarter ended Dec. 31, 2016. The company has made a net loss of $0.10 million, or $ 0.04 a share in the quarter, against a net profit of $1.15 million, or $0.46 a share in the last year period.'
p2
aS'BRIEF-National Security Group quarterly loss per share $0.04 Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 KIEV, March 1 Ukraine has signed a memorandum with the International Monetary Fund that paves the way for the disbursement of the next tranche of loans under its $17.5 billion bailout programme, a source in the central bank said on Wednesday.'
p3
aS"Trump's environmental order jeopardizes our national security The Hill  - 8 hours ago The memorandum created a Climate and National Security Working Group to improve information sharing among agencies, provide policymakers clear and accurate information and analysis and ensure adequate consideration of the impacts of climate&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'RBC Capital Markets Maintains ViaSat  As Underperform; Has Target ... MoneyMakingArticles - 18 hours ago The National Security Group, Inc. is an insurance holding company. The company has market cap of $40.30 million. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates through two divisions: property and casualty insurance, and life insurance.'
p5
aS"Ghana Politics : NPP's vigilante groups will be enlisted into National ... Pulse.com.gh - 12 hours ago The Member of Parliament  for Assin Central, Kennedy Agyapong has said he will ensure that members of the party's vigilante groups would be enlisted into the national security of the country. His comments come on the back of last Friday's assault ..."
p6
aS'National Security Group, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Mar 26, 2017 Stock market analysts watching National Security Group, Inc.  have recently changed their ratings on the stock.'
p7
aS"China says Taiwan man investigated for harming national security Channel NewsAsia - 4 hours ago A Taiwan man who had gone missing in China is being investigated on suspicion of harming national security, China's government said on Wednesday, in a case that has caused alarm on the self-ruled and democratic island Beijing claims as its own."
p8
aS"National Security Group, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers The De Soto Edge - Mar 19, 2017 10/07/2013 - National Security Group, Inc. was upgraded to  by analysts at Thomson Reuters/Verus. National Security Group, Inc. has a 50 day moving average of 16.47 and a 200 day moving average of 17.43. The stock's market capitalization is 42.77M,&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Jewish security group forms national law enforcement advisory council Jewish Telegraphic Agency - Mar 2, 2017 NEW YORK  - Following repeated waves of anti-Semitic attacks, the group tasked with advising Jewish institutions on security has formed a national advisory council composed of former law enforcement officers. The Secure Community Network, which&nbsp;...'
p10
a.