(lp0
S'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Soars 5.85% on March 28 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  had a good day on the market for Tuesday March 28 as shares jumped 5.85% to close at $15.93.Latest Stocks: The Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Receives Buy ... - Petro Global News 24Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Instinet - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'CFO Moves: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings, Entercom Communications, China Mobile Wall Street Journal   - Mar 23, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc., a Coppell, Texas, residential-mortgage service provider, announced the appointment of Amar Patel as executive vice president and chief financial officer on an interim basis, effective March 20.Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 23 - Equities.comBuy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM ... - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS'Stock Watch: Focusing in on Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 9 hours ago Some individuals may be looking to monitor stock price momentum by looking at different historical data. Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.02871. The six month price index is simply measured by ...'
p3
aS'Robbins Arroyo LLP Is Investigating the Officers and Directors of Nationstar ... Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 SAN DIEGO &amp; COPPELL, Texas----Shareholder rights law firm Robbins Arroyo LLP is investigating whether certain officers and directors of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  breached their fiduciary duties to shareholders by&nbsp;...CFPB Imposes Largest HMDA Fine To Date Against Nationstar Mortgage - Banker & TradesmanNationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Stake Held by Allianz Asset Management AG - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 22, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  issued a press release today announcing that Amar R. Patel has been appointed as.'
p5
aS'Nationstar Establishes Subservicing Relationship with New Residential Business Wire  - Jan 30, 2017 DALLAS----Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.   announced today that it has entered into a subservicing agreement with New Residential Mortgage LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New Residential Investment&nbsp;...Citi to Exit Mortgage Servicing, Sell $97 Billion Portfolio - BloombergCitiMortgage Accelerates Close of Mortgage Servicing Business - The MReport'
p6
aS"Nationstar Mortgage Holdings'  CEO Jay Bray on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - May 4, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].Nationstar Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Air Transport Services Group, Goldman Sachs, Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Times of India - Feb 24, 2017 HIGHLIGHTS * Air Transport Services Group : Imperial Capital starts with an in-line rating * Goldman Sachs : Berenberg cuts to sell from hold * Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc : Barclays cuts to underweight from equal weight Following is a summary of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 22, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 22, as the stock gained 1.46% to close at $18.79.Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  likely to see 9% move on its earnings ... - Post AnalystStock Returns: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  is Beating EverBank ... - CML News'
p9
aS"The Technical Facts on Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 24, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.