(lp0
S"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : What The Whitebox Agreement Tells Us Insider Financial - Mar 13, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  has been a real tough stock to hold over the last couple of years. It's fallen prey to aggressive short sell type manipulation.Stock Recent Trading Summary: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - Is storiesNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. : Important Trade and Target Levels To Watch - Post Analyst"
p1
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Raises Again: Here's Our Take Insider Financial - Mar 20, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  just announced a registered direct offering, and the company is down more than 50% on the news.More Bad News for Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Shares - Street Register"
p2
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Just Gave Us The Update We Were ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 For a long time, we've kept Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  on our radar. The company has been one of the hardest stocks to read over the last eighteen months, rooted in a clinical hold on its lead asset, and sentiment surrounding its&nbsp;...Northwest Bio Spikes on Lifting of Clinical Hold  - InvestopediaNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Stock current Trends Analysis - TopChronicle"
p3
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : Here's Our Take On The Latest Update Insider Financial - Nov 18, 2016 Well, here's one for the books. Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  just put out a fresh press release, updating markets as to the progress of its operations."
p4
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Is About To Turnaround Insider Financial - Dec 14, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  shareholders have been waiting for some level of insight into its brain cancer trial for more than twelve months.'
p5
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company. The Company is focused on developing immunotherapy products to treat cancer.'
p6
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : Heading For A Reversal? Insider Financial - Oct 4, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is grabbing headlines again. The company put out some data at the end of September purporting to a phase 1 trial of its DCVax-Direct treatment, and response has been mixed.'
p7
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  Signs Of Recovery? The Oracle Dispatch - Sep 22, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  is finally showing signs of strength in the past month. This very well could be a dead cat bounce for a stock that's been beat up until recently.Stock Update : Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc Presents Updated ... - Smarter Analyst"
p8
aS"The Top Three Holders Of Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Post Analyst - 13 hours ago Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  reached 8.14% versus a 1-year low price of $0.221. The stock was last seen -0.42% lower, reaching at $0.24 on Mar. 27, 2017.Take a look at Price Move: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.'s  - Is storiesNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. added 6.43% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free Observer"
p9
aS"An Opportunity To Get In Ahead Of The Crowd At Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc ... Insider Financial - Jan 20, 2017 Ask a group of small cap biotechnology investors to name one of the most frustrating companies in the space over the last 12 months, and chances are you'll hear the name Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  more than once. The company is a&nbsp;..."
p10
a.