(lp0
S"New York &amp; Company closing downtown Phoenix store Phoenix Business Journal - Mar 24, 2017 New York &amp; Company Inc.  will close its longstanding downtown Phoenix store at the Arizona Center March 25. The women's clothing store has been at the downtown development for 26 years, according to a store employee.The New York &amp; Company, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to ... - Petro Global News 24Revenue Update on New York &amp; Company - Energy Index"
p1
aS"New York &amp; Company Plans to Double the Eva Mendes Business PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 NEW YORK, March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- New York &amp; Company, Inc. [NYSE: NWY] is continuing to build its ever-growing partnership with actress and fashion entrepreneur, Eva Mendes.Eva Mendes and New York &amp; Company expand fashion collaboration - Malay Mail OnlineNew York &amp; Co.'s Blue Sky Outlook for Eva Mendes - WWD"
p2
aS'New York &amp; Company, Inc. Announces Date of Conference Call and Webcast for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 New York &amp; Company, Inc. , a specialty apparel chain with 466 stores open, today announced that the Company will release fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results after the market closes on Thursday, March 16, 2017.'
p3
aS"New York &amp; Co: Priced To Buy Seeking Alpha - Dec 30, 2016 But in taking a look at comparable department stores including New York &amp; Company, Inc. , Express , Bebe , Tilly's  and Aeropostale ; there are wide swings in these stock prices."
p4
aS"Disgruntled Shareholders Call Out New York &amp; Company Management Benzinga - Dec 16, 2016 Kanen Wealth Management/The Philotimo Fund delivered on Friday a letter to New York &amp; Company, Inc. 's board of directors."
p5
aS'New York &amp; Company Appoints Michelle Pearlman as EVP, eCommerce and Chief ... Business Wire  - Nov 8, 2016 NEW YORK----New York &amp; Company, Inc. , a specialty apparel chain with 483 retail stores, today announced that Michelle Pearlman has been named to the position of Executive Vice President, eCommerce and Chief&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"New York &amp; Company's  CEO Greg Scott on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 The growth in accessories is driven by our strong gifting strategies during our holiday season which also led to expansion in our sweater category, a very important category for New York &amp; Company during fourth quarter. In total, however, these ..."
p7
aS"New York &amp; Company Launches Customer-Inspired Capsule Collections Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 Specialty women's apparel chain, New York &amp; Company, Inc. [NYSE:NWY] is thrilled to announce the launch of collections inspired by customers.New York &amp; Company Is Designing Clothes Inspired by Its Most Loyal Shoppers - Racked"
p8
aS'New York &amp; Company to expand Eva Mendes business Fibre2fashion.com - Mar 22, 2017 New York &amp; Company, Inc. is continuing to build its partnership with actress and fashion entrepreneur, Eva Mendes by expanding her collection to over 50 shop-in-shops, 19 Eva Mendes boutiques and a strong online business.'
p9
aS'New York &amp; Company, Inc. Announces 2016 Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results Business Wire  - Mar 16, 2017 New York &amp; Company, Inc. helps its customers feel confident, put-together, attractive and stylish by providing affordable fashion.'
p10
a.