(lp0
S"Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On New York Community Bancorp And Boeing Benzinga - Mar 23, 2017 On CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer said he wouldn't sell New York Community Bancorp, Inc. . He explained that investors are selling banks, because they think interest rates aren't going higher.New York Community Bancorp has endured an ugly couple of years and ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  And The Naked Truth Exposed In Its ... NY Stock News - 16 hours ago New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.Analyst Perspectives: New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  - Post RegistrarFeatured Stock to Focus: New York Community Bancorp Inc.  - HugoPress'
p2
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc. Announces Completion of $515 Million Offering ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  , the parent company for New York Community Bank and New York Commercial Bank, today announced the completion of an underwritten public offering of 20,600,000 depositary shares, each&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 The Company's subsidiaries are New York Community Bank, a chartered savings bank with approximately 230 branches that operates through over seven local divisions, and New York Commercial Bank, a chartered commercial bank with approximately 30&nbsp;...Taking a Fresh Look at New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalAnalytical Guide for New York Community Bancorp, Inc. , Catalyst ... - The USA Commerce"
p4
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc. Announces Pricing of Offering of $500 Million ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  , the parent company for New York Community Bank and New York Commercial Bank, today announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 20,000,000 depositary shares, each&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc. Announces Proposed Offering of Depositary ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 New York Community Bancorp, Inc.   today announced its intention, subject to market conditions, to offer depositary shares that will represent proportional ownership interests in shares of a new series of fixed-to-floating rate&nbsp;...New York Community Bancorp, Inc. , Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY ... - The USA Commerce'
p6
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  And Its Technicals Provide Timely Picture NY Stock News - Mar 27, 2017 The technicals for New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p7
aS"Savings &amp; Loans Stocks Under Scanner -- New York Community, People's United ... PR Newswire  - 21 hours ago Stock-Callers.com has initiated coverage on the following Savings and Loans firms: New York Community Bancorp Inc. , People's United Financial Inc. , Northwest Bancshares Inc. , and Washington Federal&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'New York Community Bancorp Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 New York Community Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 21, as the stock lost 1.13% to close at $13.98.'
p9
aS"Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for New York Community Bancorp ... The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  dropped -0.41% to $14.40. During the trading on 03/10/2017, Company's stock ranged from $14.35 to $14.58.Significant Brokerage Ratings of Two Stocks: New York Community Bancorp, Inc ... - The Voice RegistrarAnalyst Stock Recommendations For Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. , New York ... - TWN"
p10
a.