(lp0
S'Analysts Near-Term outlook: New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. , ViewRay, Inc ... The USA Commerce - 18 hours ago Presently New York Mortgage Trust, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 2.00. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. (NYMT ... - StockNewsJournalNew York Mortgage Trust Inc. performed Poor with a change of -1.77% in the ... - Free Observer'
p1
aS'New York Mortgage Trust Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Feb 21, 2017 Closed on a securitization transaction that involved the issuance and sale of $177.5 million of Class A Notes representing beneficial ownership in a pool of performing and re-performing seasoned mortgage loans. The Company holds 5% of the Class A Notes&nbsp;...New York Mortgage Trust Missed Hard - Seeking AlphaCrazy Volume Spikes for: New York Mortgage Trust Inc.  - HugoPress'
p2
aS'New York Mortgage Trust: Get Out Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 We just learned Thursday that the company has slashed its dividend quite soundly. Expect the stock to nosedive, possibly below $6.00 a share Friday.New York Mortgage Trust Declares First Quarter 2017 Common Stock Dividend of ... - GlobeNewswire '
p3
aS'New York Mortgage Trust Announces Tax Treatment of 2016 Dividend Distributions GlobeNewswire  - Jan 30, 2017 NEW YORK, Jan. 30, 2017  -- New York Mortgage Trust, Inc.   today announced the following tax treatment of common and preferred stock dividends declared in 2016.'
p4
aS'NEW YORK MORTGAGE TRUST, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. is a real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, investing in, financing and managing primarily mortgage-related assets and financial assets.Act On Key Analyst Price Target Shifts: New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. (NYMT ... - USA Commerce DailyAnalyst Observation On 2 Stocks: New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. , Aqua ... - Post Analyst'
p5
aS'New York Mortgage Trust: Be Extremely Careful Seeking Alpha - Nov 16, 2016 New York Mortgage Trust  was once one of my top picks in the mortgage real estate investment trust  sector.'
p6
aS'New York Mortgage Trust: Insider Buying And The Huge Fall In Share Prices Seeking Alpha - Jul 6, 2016 The company has an incentive to continue paying out the large dividend in the short term though it looks unsustainable in the long term.'
p7
aS"New York Mortgage Trust Issues New Bonds - We've Seen This Story Before Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 New York Mortgage Trust has seen extreme price volatility, though book value remained very steady. Current prices are a significant premium to prior ratios."
p8
aS'New York Mortgage Trust - All The Preferred Stock Yield, None Of The Fluff Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. is an internally managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, which invests in residential mortgage loans, including loans sourced from distressed markets, multi-family commercial mortgage-backed securities, direct ...'
p9
aS"Taking a Fresh Look at New York Mortgage Trust, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 23, 2017 New York Mortgage Trust, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Financial space, with a focus on REIT - Residential.Equity Research Analyst's Stock Ratings: New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - TWNBroker Changes For New York Mortgage Trust, Inc.  - NewsDen"
p10
a.