(lp0
S'FNB acquires OBA Financial Services Pittsburgh Post Gazette - Apr 8, 2014 FNB Corp. has announced plans for yet another acquisition, as the Hermitage bank continues to grow by buying smaller institutions.'
p1
aS'Jobs illusion resembles a rabbit caught in headlights Royal Gazette - Mar 10, 2017 The OBA Turnaround Plan will create 2,000 jobs over the next five years by implementing pro-growth economic policies. These 2,000 jobs will come in a range of sectors including construction, hospitality, retail, financial services and international ...'
p2
aS'The horses of Philadelphia Financial Times - Feb 24, 2017 Yet, for all the efforts made to suppress it, the tradition of black horsemanship continues. Last November, the young British photographer Cian Oba-Smith flew to the US to document the stubborn survival of stables in the dilapidated streets of north ...'
p3
aS'General services tax a work in progress Royal Gazette - Feb 24, 2017 While there is nothing mysterious about the delay in rolling out the general services tax, now set for April 2018, Bob Richards, the Minister of Finance, conceded that the Bermuda Government had yet to really define the scope of it. The proposed 5 ...Video: Minister Holds Budget Press Conference - Bernews'
p4
aS"Robert Ghiz joins Gowling and other legal moves and grooves for June 6 Financial Post - Jun 6, 2016 Poles previously served as general counsel and chief compliance officer for a number of private Canadian wealth management firms, and held senior in-house roles with several global financial services firms. He also practised with two of Canada's ..."
p5
aS"OBA strikes back at airport plan critique Royal Gazette - Oct 29, 2016 A comprehensive rebuttal to a critique of the Bermuda Government's plans for a new airport terminal has been issued by the Ministry of Finance. The document was provided to The Royal Gazette in response to chartered accountant Craig Mayor's evidence&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Friday people roundup IPE.com - Jan 6, 2017 At Tikehau, Oba will be responsible for marketing strategy and the development of the firm's relationship with large international clients, the company said."
p7
aS'The 31st Jegun Olu Ekun of Ile-Oluji Vanguard - Jun 19, 2016 With core competencies in insurance brokerage and risk management advisory services, Oba Adetimehin belongs to the elite class of Nigerian traditional rulers who are well educated, highly cerebral, and widely travelled.'
p8
aS'Report criticises OBA over new airport Royal Gazette - Oct 28, 2016 Earlier the PAC heard once more from Anthony Manders, the Financial Secretary, who said the government-to-government deal with Canada would mean Bermuda foregoing departure taxes equivalent to 2.5 per cent to 3 per cent of overall revenue.'
p9
aS"Surprise! These 3 Insurers Plan to Expand Their Obamacare Coverage in 2017 Motley Fool - May 21, 2016 Although the risk corridor is going away completely in 2017, it was more than $2.5 billion short of requested financial assistance in 2016, causing more than half of Obamacare's approved healthcare cooperatives to close up shop."
p10
a.