(lp0
S'Office Depot, Inc. Hosts Family-Friendly Slime-Making Demonstrations in Stores ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today announced that all of its Office Depot and OfficeMax stores nationwide will host slime-making demonstrations on Saturday, March 25 from 11 a.m.Office Depot, Inc. subtracted -1.56% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free ObserverBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Office Depot, Inc. , Meritor, Inc ... - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS'Office Depot, Inc. Partners with Silverback Learning Solutions Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today announced a partnership with Silverback Learning Solutions, a pioneering K-12 education technology company, to bring districts and administrators&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Office Depot, Inc. announces partnership with Silverback Learning Solutions to ... EPR Retail News  - Mar 23, 2017 The unique partnership combines Office Depot, Inc.'s Committed to Learning initiative with Silverback Learning Solutions' education software Mileposts, Teacher Vitae and EdifyAssess, powered by Silverback Learning, which allow teachers and ..."
p3
aS'Office Depot, Inc. Announces New Advertising Agency of Record Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today announced that it has reached a two-year agreement with Zimmerman Advertising, LLC as its advertising and media agency of record.Office Depot, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 01, 2017 - NasdaqOffice Depot Sees Revenue Falling This Year - Wall Street Journal '
p4
aS"Office Depot, Inc. : An Examination Of The Chart For Today's Session NY Stock News - 14 hours ago Office Depot, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p5
aS'Market Survey: Checking on Shares of Office Depot, Inc.  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago Office Depot, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.488809. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p6
aS'Office Depot Inc  In Partnership with Silverback Learning Solutions WallStreetPR - Mar 27, 2017 Office Depot Inc  has partnered with Silverback Learning Solutions, a pioneer company for K-12 education technology,to bring personalized learning solutions to districts and administrators, to promote student and educator achievement.Why Investors remained confident on Office Depot, Inc. , Caterpillar Inc ... - StockNewsJournalActive Volume Stock: Office Depot, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p7
aS'Office Depot Inc. Q4 Income Advances 69% Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017  - Office Depot Inc.  released a profit for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.'
p8
aS'Five Below Inc versus Office Depot Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Five Below Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Office Depot Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p9
aS'Stock in Focus: Office Depot, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Many investors may be looking to track stock price momentum by looking at different historical information. Office Depot, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.25562. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing the ...'
p10
a.