(lp0
S'Orion Energy Systems: The Market Is Sleeping On Rapid Growth And Imminent ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 In a time where many companies seem more interested in short-term stock price movement than long-term value creation, Orion Energy Systems  breaks that mold. A few years ago, Orion took a risk and drastically changed its long-term ...Orion Energy Systems Wins Wisconsin Manufacturer of the Year Market ... - Yahoo FinanceOrion Energy Systems, Inc.  CFO William T. Hull Purchases 44851 Shares - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"Orion Energy Systems'  CEO John Scribante on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Orion Energy Systems Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all ... Except as described in these filings, the company disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.Orion touts domestic manufacturing advantage - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel"
p2
aS'Orion Energy Systems: Clear Vision For Big Growth In LED Lighting Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 Anyone familiar with the history of Orion Energy Systems  has known the company to be a huge disappointment to investors since its IPO in 2007, as the chart below illustrates.'
p3
aS"Orion Energy Systems: Micro-Cap Ready To Breakout Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Orion's last two quarters have been great, yet the stock has not reflected this and remains dramatically undervalued. LED Lighting segment has now grown to the point where declines in the company's legacy fluorescent business no longer matter. Orion ..."
p4
aS'Orion Energy Systems Announces Appointment of New Director Business Wire  - Feb 21, 2017 MANITOWOC, Wis.----Orion Energy Systems, Inc. , a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, energy-efficient retrofit lighting platforms, announced today that it has increased the size of its Board of&nbsp;...ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS'Orion Energy Systems  Appointed Lighting Manufacturer for Major Regional ... StreetInsider.com - Jul 5, 2016 Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  today announced that is has been appointed as the lighting manufacturer for a major regional retailer with over 700 locations.Orion Energy Systems adding assembly lines, employees after winning retail ... - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p6
aS'Orion Energy Systems: My Best Pick For 2016 Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2016 While the author has written several articles on Orion Energy Systems , the current article is being submitted in the Seeking Alpha 2016 contest: &quot;Your Top Long Idea for 2016&quot; which will track the performance of the shares for the ...'
p7
aS'Orion Energy Systems Launches Game-Changing LED Retrofit Products Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2016 Termed the LDRE  and LDRM , the new items achieve a full fixture retrofit within a one-minute installation time.'
p8
aS'Orion Energy Systems pegs future to rise in LED lighting sales Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Jun 2, 2016 Thea Ratsimeuang holds the newest generation of lightning being made at Orion Energy Systems Inc. in Manitowoc. Orion is selling highly efficient LED lights that can replace the fluorescent tubes found in many offices, stores, and factories.Orion Energy Systems Announces Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results - Business Wire '
p9
aS'BRIEF-Orion Energy Systems reports appointment of new director Reuters - Feb 21, 2017 Feb 21 Orion Energy Systems Inc: * Orion Energy Systems announces appointment of new director. * Orion Energy Systems Inc - has increased size of its board of directors to nine, and appointed Ellen B. Richstone Source text for Eikon: Further company&nbsp;...'
p10
a.