(lp0
S"Oracle Corporation  Hospitality Advances More Significant Guest ... Journal Transcript - Mar 27, 2017 Oracle Corporation  Hospitality has launched two new product innovations for food and beverage and hotel clients.Are Oracle Corporation  Stock's Cloud Promises Just Empty Rhetoric? - Investorplace.comOracle Corporation Posted gains of 0.43% in the Last Trade - Free Observer"
p1
aS"Can Oracle Keep Up Its Cloud Revenue Growth In The Third Quarter? Benzinga - Mar 15, 2017 It's a generally a quiet time of the year for earnings and a lot of focus is on The Fed's March meeting, but tech heavyweight Oracle Corporation  earnings come out after market close today. Going into earnings, Oracle's stock price is up a ...Why Oracle Corporation  stock will rise today - FX Daily ReportMarket Challenge: Oracle Delivers - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Oracle Makes New All-Time High Benzinga - Mar 16, 2017 Oracle Corporation  shares are trading higher by $3.68  at $46.73 in Thursday's session. The catalyst for the rally is a Q4 EPS beat along with a $400 million beat for revenues."
p3
aS"Oracle: Now Is The Time To Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Oracle's total cloud business has reached the $5 billion mark; the company now sells more cloud apps than Salesforce.Sharp Pullback for Oracle Corporation  Following Fiscal 3Q Results ... - Smrt Stck NwsOracle Could Run Away with $50.8 Billion in Enterprise Spending - Market Realist"
p4
aS"Technicals in Focus for Oracle Corporation  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Oracle Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS"Can We Learn Anything From The Technical Chart of Oracle Corporation ? NY Stock News - 14 hours ago Oracle Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Oracle Corporation Stock Volatility Hits An ... CML News - 12 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Oracle Corporation  has seen its stock price move at an inflection point level.'
p7
aS'Oracle Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Oracle Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 21, as the stock lost 0.86% to close at $44.84. On the day, Oracle Corporation saw 21.89 million shares trade hands on 105,582 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Oracle Launches Retail Merchandising Solution Over the Cloud - Yahoo FinanceTraders Recap: Oracle Corporation  - Post Registrar'
p8
aS'Oracle: Same Program, Same Station, Different Time Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Oracle reported the results of its fiscal Q3 last evening. The results were a beat on earnings and a small miss on revenues.Oracle Dominates ERP Market; Netsuite, Cloud Key Catalysts - Yahoo Finance'
p9
aS'Oracle Earnings Preview: All About The Cloud Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 SaaS and PaaS gross margins expanded by a whopping 18 percentage points YOY to 61% last quarter, and helped to finally stabilize total company op margins. Profitability in cloud  seems to be heading in&nbsp;...'
p10
a.