(lp0
S'Penske Automotive Group Inc versus Sonic Automotive Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 16 hours ago Penske Automotive Group Inc has a higher fundamental rating than Sonic Automotive Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p1
aS'Penske Automotive Group Donates More Than $1 Million to Paralyzed Veterans of ... PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.,  headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, is an international transportation services company that operates automotive and commercial truck dealerships principally in the United States, Western Europe and&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Asbury Automotive Group Inc  versus Penske Automotive ... - CML NewsRenaissance Technologies LLC Buys Shares of 236100 Penske Automotive Group ... - BNB Daily '
p2
aS'Relative Strength Alert For Penske Automotive Group Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 In the case of Penske Automotive Group Inc, the RSI reading has hit 27.7 - by comparison, the universe of dividend stocks covered by Dividend Channel currently has an average RSI of 49.9.'
p3
aS"Penske Automotive Signs Agreement To Acquire CarSense PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 Statements in this press release may involve forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements regarding Penske Automotive Group, Inc.'s consummation of the transaction and its future sales and earnings potential. Actual results may vary&nbsp;...Penske acquires used-only dealership group - Automotive News  "
p4
aS"Is Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Stock  Suitable for Value Investors? Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p5
aS'Institutional Ownership Update on Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Based on the lastest quarterly filings, institutions continue to be large stakeholders in Penske Automotive Group, Inc. . The big banks are holding 80.70% of the shares while company insiders are clinging to 1.90%. Shares of Penske Automotive&nbsp;...Should You Sell Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Based On Current Broker Views? - NewsDen'
p6
aS"Stars Align For Penske Automotive's Expansion Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 In both expanding and diversifying its global footprint, Penske Automotive also acquired a 49% stake in Nicole Group, which operates the premier luxury brand dealership in and around Tokyo, Japan. Additionally, Penske Automotive increased its stake in ..."
p7
aS'Stock in Review: Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Rives Journal - 9 hours ago Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.334789. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p8
aS"Penske Automotive Group's  CEO Roger Penske on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Welcome to the Penske Automotive Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay approximately one hour after the completion through February 14, 2017.Penske Automotive Reports Record Fourth Quarter And Full Year Results - PR Newswire "
p9
aS'Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 15 ... Nasdaq - Feb 14, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.3 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 01, 2017.Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Issued By Seaport ... - Community Financial NewsPenske Automotive Group, Inc.  Per-share Earnings Forecast At $0.98 - Markets Daily'
p10
a.