(lp0
S"Teva to Acquire NuPathe for $144 Million, Outbidding Endo Bloomberg - Jan 21, 2014 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. agreed to buy NuPathe Inc. for $144 million, outbidding Endo Health Solutions Inc. to gain NuPathe's migraine patch.Teva Pharma  to Acquire NuPathe for $3.65/Share + Rights - StreetInsider.com NuPathe Picks Teva as Merger Partner - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS'Teva Completes Tender Offer for NuPathe Inc. Shares Business Wire  - Feb 21, 2014 JERUSALEM----Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.   today announced the successful completion of the tender offer  by Train Merger Sub, Inc. , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teva, for all of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"NuPathe Wins US FDA Approval for Migraine Skin Patch Bloomberg - Jan 17, 2013 NuPathe Inc., a maker of neurological and psychiatric medicines, won U.S. approval to sell the first skin patch to treat migraines.This Biotech's on the NuPathe to Success - Motley FoolNuPathe Gets FDA Approval: What's Next For The Stock - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"AgeneBio Appoints Industry Leaders Patrick LePore as Chairman of the Board and ... Marketwired  - Jul 25, 2014 Prior to joining AgeneBio, Mr. McLaughlin served as senior vice president and chief commercial officer of NuPathe Inc. through the company's sale to Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd."
p4
aS'Endo to Acquire Specialty Pharmaceutical Company NuPathe PR Newswire  - Dec 16, 2013 Endo Health Solutions  today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement under which Endo will acquire NuPathe Inc.  for $2.85 per share in cash, or approximately $105 million. In addition to the upfront cash&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Exclusive: Big payday for executives after $144M NuPathe-Teva deal Philadelphia Business Journal  - Mar 4, 2014 NuPathe's top five executives held a mix of stock, options, warrants and units worth more than $8 million when the Malvern biopharmaceutical company was sold to Teva Pharmaceutical Industries last month for $144 million."
p6
aS'Fibrocell Science Appoints Keith A. Goldan, Senior Vice President and Chief ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 18, 2015 Most recently he served as Senior Vice President and CFO of NuPathe Inc., a NASDAQ-listed specialty pharmaceutical company that was acquired by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.'
p7
aS'Fibrocell Appoints Michael F. Marino as Senior Vice President, General Counsel ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 1, 2015 Prior to joining Fibrocell, Mr. Marino served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of NuPathe Inc., a NASDAQ-listed specialty pharmaceutical company that was acquired by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.'
p8
aS'FDA Approves Skin Patch to Combat Migraines Everyday Health  - Jan 21, 2013 NuPathe Inc., which makes Zecuity, hopes to have the patch on the market later this year. Research involving 800 patients ultimately led to the approval of Zecuity.'
p9
aS'The Top In-House Hires Of February Law360  - Feb 28, 2017 Marino was previously general counsel and corporate secretary at Fibrocell Science Inc. Prior to that he was general counsel and corporate secretary at NuPathe Inc. until its 2014 acquisition by Teva Pharmaceuticals. He has practiced at Morgan Lewis&nbsp;...'
p10
a.