(lp0
S'Pitney Bowes Creates New Route for US Retailers to Reach Global Consumers Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 LAS VEGAS----Pitney Bowes Inc. , the global technology leader that provides innovative solutions and services powering anywhere-to-everywhere commerce, at ShopTalk 2017 today, launched Complete Marketplace, the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Linc Global Innovates Returns Process by Using API Technology from Pitney Bowes Business Wire  - Mar 21, 2017 LAS VEGAS----Pitney Bowes Inc. , the global technology leader that provides innovative solutions and services powering anywhere-to-everywhere commerce, today announced at ShopTalk 2017 that Linc Global, a customer&nbsp;...Average Brokerage Rating Of Pitney Bowes Inc. , Windstream Holdings, Inc ... - The USA CommerceDrilling Down Into Pitney Bowes Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS"Earnings Clues on Pitney Bowes Inc. , Calithera Biosciences, Inc. (CALA ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Pitney Bowes Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 3.25 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 4.61 ...75 hedge funds buy Pitney Bowes Inc.  for the first time - Post AnalystSell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Pitney Bowes Inc. , Apple Hospitality ... - The USA Commerce"
p3
aS'Looking at the Numbers for Pitney Bowes Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 9 hours ago Pitney Bowes Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.71783. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p4
aS'Can Pitney Bowes Inc.  Reinvent Itself? Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 Market observers like to refer to companies involved in mature or dying industries as buggy whip companies. Pitney Bowes  What is commonly overlooked is that many of these companies, despite their old-fashioned brand image and reliance on&nbsp;...Pitney Bowes to Unveil Commerce Complete for Retail Platform - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"Pitney Bowes and Yellowfin to Jointly Develop Visual Insights Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI signed a partnership with premium Business Intelligence  and analytics software provider, Yellowfin, to develop a Visual Insights and BI tool for its customers.Pitney Bowes Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalPitney Bowes Forms a New Data Practice to Drive Digital Transformation Initiatives - Business Wire "
p6
aS"Pitney Bowes' Parcel Sortation Solutions Find Takers in India Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Leading global eCommerce solutions provider, Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI recently gained two new clients - Gati Limited and Flipkart - fortifying its emerging parcel sortation business in India.Pitney Bowes Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.comAdore Beauty Goes Global with Pitney Bowes - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Why Pitney Bowes  Could Be Positioned for a Slump Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p8
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: NiSource Inc. , Pitney Bowes Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 While trading at volume below than average, Pitney Bowes Inc.  previous 52-week high was $20.80 and moved down -31.33% over the same period, trading at a volume of 2.42 million."
p9
aS'Pitney Bowes and Rapt Media Partner to Expedite Time to Value for Interactive ... Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 STAMFORD, Conn.----Pitney Bowes Inc. , a global technology company that provides innovative products and solutions to power commerce, and Rapt Media, a leader in high-performance interactive video technology,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.