(lp0
S'Weyerhaeuser to Buy Timber Rival Plum Creek for $8.4 Billion Bloomberg - Nov 8, 2015 Weyerhaeuser Co. agreed to buy Plum Creek Timber Co. for about $8.4 billion to create a real estate investment trust that will be the largest private owner of timberland in the U.S.. Plum Creek stockholders will get 1.6 shares of Weyerhaeuser for each ...Plum Creek Timber  Stock Surges on Weyerhaeuser Deal, Jim Cramer: Terrific - TheStreet.com'
p1
aS"Weyerhaeuser Bids For Plum Creek Seeking Alpha - Nov 17, 2015 Weyerhaeuser's  proposed acquisition of Plum Creek  reduces the universe of timber REITs to four and creates a behemoth: with 13 million acres under trees, the merged entity will be the largest private landowner in the U.S.State auditor concerned about public access after Plum Creek-Weyerhaeuser merger - Montana Standard"
p2
aS"Deal Completion: Weyerhaeuser Acquires Plum Creek For $8.4 Billion Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2016 Buyer: Weyerhaeuser purchased Plum Creek Timber Co. Inc. for a mega $8 billion price tag. Weyerhaeuser also paid off Plum Creek's $225 million outstanding term loan plus a $500 million revolving credit line when they officially closed the deal with the&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Plum Creek Timber Harvesting Opportunities Across Its Portfolio reit.com - Nov 3, 2014 When Rick Holley joined Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc.  in 1985 as its chief financial officer, he was new to the timber business.'
p4
aS"Plum Creek Timber  Subsidiaries Extend Closing Date on Timberland Sale StreetInsider.com - Jan 12, 2016  As previously set forth on the registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015, which report is incorporated herein by reference, certain subsidiaries of Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation , entered into a ..."
p5
aS'Street Analyst Thoughts on Shares of Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc.  Melville Review - Mar 27, 2017 Investors may opt to examine the views of professional Street analysts that regularly cover the company. Covering sell-side analysts currently have a consensus stock rating of N/A on shares of Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc. . Covering&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Seeing the Forest and the Trees at Plum Creek Timber Barron's - Jan 10, 2015 Holly is the strategic thinker, the vision guy who decides the best use of the company's acreage, how much timber to harvest, whether some land is better suited for development, and if Plum Creek  should make acquisitions. The focus here ..."
p7
aS'Plum Creek Timber, Enova enter fiber supply agreement Biomass Magazine - Sep 20, 2013 Plum Creek Timber Co. Inc. announced it has entered into a 10-year fiber supply and services agreement with The Enova Group, an independent bioenergy firm headquartered in Atlanta, Ga.'
p8
aS"Weyerhaeuser Wraps Up Acquisition of Plum Creek Commercial Property Executive - Feb 23, 2016 Per terms of the merger agreement, Plum Creek shareholders received 1.6 shares of Weyerhaeuser common stock for each share of Plum Creek common stock. Additionally, concurrent with the closing, Weyerhaeuser paid off outstanding amounts under Plum&nbsp;...Weyerhaeuser-Plum Creek merger complete - KPAX.com | Continuous News ... - KPAX-TVMoody's affirms Weyerhaeuser's Baa2 rating after Plum Creek purchase - Moodys.com  "
p9
aS'Plum Creek Announces Tax Treatment of 2015 Dividend Business Wire  - Jan 8, 2016 SEATTLE----Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc.  today announced the tax treatment for dividend distributions made in 2015 on its Common Stock.'
p10
a.