(lp0
S"Buffett to Acquire Precision Castparts in $37.2 Billion Deal Bloomberg - Aug 10, 2015 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agreed to buy Precision Castparts Corp., the maker of equipment for the aerospace and energy industries, in a deal valued at $37.2 billion, including debt.Buffett's Berkshire to Buy Precision Castparts for $32 Billion - Wall Street Journal"
p1
aS'Buffett pays high price for Precision Castparts Reuters - Aug 10, 2015 Warren Buffett is paying a hefty price for the biggest bet of his career as his Berkshire Hathaway Inc  has agreed to buy Precision Castparts Corp PCP.N, valuing the maker of aerospace and other parts at $32.3 billion. The purchase is Berkshire ...'
p2
aS'Neighbors file suits against Precision Castparts Corp. Portland Tribune - Jul 13, 2016 PORTLAND TRIBUNE: JAIME VALDEZ - Precision Castparts Corp. has two twin plants straddling the Six residents of Southeast Portland have filed two separate class-action lawsuits against Precision Castparts Corp., alleging that its toxic air emissions ...'
p3
aS'Precision Castparts Corp. Announces Retirement of Executive Vice President ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 12, 2015 PORTLAND, Ore., March 12, 2015  -- Precision Castparts Corp.   today announced the planned retirement of Executive Vice President and President of Forged Products Kenneth Buck, during the first quarter of fiscal&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Precision Castparts' $37 billion sale is final: It's now in Warren Buffett's hands OregonLive.com - Jan 29, 2016 The biggest deal in Oregon corporate history closed on schedule Friday, with Berkshire Hathaway taking ownership of Portland-based Precision Castparts Corp. The $37 billion takeover, announced last summer, makes the state's second-largest company a&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Precision Castparts Corp. Expands Its Machining Capabilities With the ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 27, 2015 PORTLAND, Ore., July 27, 2015  -- Precision Castparts Corp.  has agreed to acquire Noranco from MidOcean Partners and PSP Investments for $560 million.Precision Castparts buys aerospace manufacturer; second PCP purchase in 2 weeks - OregonLive.comPrecision Castparts Misses Wall Street Views Amid Sagging Energy Demand - Wall Street Journal'
p6
aS'Why Shares of Precision Castparts Corp. Fell Apart Today Motley Fool - Jan 16, 2015 CEO Mark Donegan sounded a hopeful note in a press release by claiming that Precision is &quot;positioned for growth across our markets&quot; despite the turbulence in the oil and gas industry.Precision Castparts: A Long-Term Buy On The Pullback - Seeking AlphaPrecision Castparts feels heat from energy downturn - Financial Times'
p7
aS"Precision Growth: Why I Own Precision Castparts Corporation Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2014 Precision Castparts is strategically positioned to profit from the aerospace industry's growing demand for complex metal and forged components used by airplane and jet engine manufactures."
p8
aS'Precision Castparts: Why You Should Not Keep Any Cash Seeking Alpha - Dec 23, 2015 As the Fed just started raising the interest rates after nine years, investors have become increasingly cautious and wonder how they can achieve satisfactory returns with minimal risk.'
p9
aS'Precision Castparts Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings GlobeNewswire  - Oct 22, 2015 Precision Castparts Corp. is a worldwide, diversified manufacturer of complex metal components and products. It serves the aerospace, power, and general industrial markets.'
p10
a.