(lp0
S'Interpace Diagnostics Group Announces Timing of Earnings Release and Investor ... PR Newswire  - 10 hours ago PARSIPPANY, N.J., March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  , a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced&nbsp;...Which insiders are selling Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. ? - Post AnalystInterpace Diagnostics Group  Reaches $2.25 After 7.00% Down Move, TERRA ... - HuronReport'
p1
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Group  Files An 8-K Financial Statements ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc., formerly PDI, Inc., is focused on developing and commercializing molecular diagnostic tests principally focused on early detection of high potential progressors to cancer and leveraging the latest technology and ...Interpace Diagnostics Group Announces Agreements to Successfully Restructure ... - Yahoo FinanceInterpace Diagnostics Group Inc  Rips Higher on Major Exposure ... - The Oracle Dispatch'
p2
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Announces Agreement with Blue Cross Blue Shield (BCBS ... PR Newswire  - Jan 3, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Jan. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Corp. , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risks of cancer, announced today that the Company&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Group Announces 1-for-10 Reverse Split PR Newswire  - Dec 28, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Dec. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating ...'
p4
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Announces New York State Approval of ThyGenX for ... PR Newswire  - Oct 5, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Oct. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Corp. , a company that provides specialized molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced today that the New York State Department of Health has&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc: To restructure debt related to RedPath ... Times of India - Mar 23, 2017 Institutional investor has agreed to exchange the debt for about $5.32 mln secured convertible notes with a fixed conversion price of $2.44 and about $3.55 mln secured note issued by the company. ** Interpace will issue RedPath 5-year warrants to ...'
p6
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Participates in USA Today Endocrine Health Campaign Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J., March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. , a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, today announced its participation in a&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Launches New Services for Indeterminate Thyroid Nodules PR Newswire  - Oct 13, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Oct. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group , a company that provides specialized molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer, completed the validation and launch of two&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc  Is A Healthcare Runner Insider Financial - Jan 4, 2017 Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc  is the latest runner in the biotech space, with the company announcing this week that it has entered into an agreement with what's called the Blue Cross Blue Shield  Center for Clinical Effectiveness.Stocks On the Move: Depomed Inc, Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc, and ... - Schaeffers Research More Gains Waiting for Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive "
p9
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Announces New Aetna Coverage Policy PR Newswire  - Dec 8, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Dec. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Corp. , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced today that Aetna, the third largest health plan in the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.