(lp0
S"Why we need an outsider like Betsy DeVos as education secretary New York Post - Jan 31, 2017 Some people complain that President Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, would be quite unlike her predecessors.Trump education nominee opposed by special ed advocates - USA TODAY"
p1
aS'Budget cuts threaten Miami license center Joplin Globe - 5 hours ago At the moment, two people spend part of each week in Grove, Vinita and Miami, screening new drivers and helping residents apply for identification cards.'
p2
aS'Quantopian Chooses SS&amp;C to Optimize Operational Efficiencies Canada NewsWire  - 17 hours ago ... March 28, 2017 /CNW/ -- SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc. , a global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services, today announced that Quantopian has chosen SS&amp;C as a key partner in support of its investment ...'
p3
aS'This Army Veteran Wanted to Become a Video Game Animator Slate Magazine - Jul 20, 2016 But the New England Institute of Art is, in fact, another for-profit college, this one part of the Art Institutes chain owned by Education Management Corporation, or EDMC, which, in turn, is 41-percent owned by the giant Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.'
p4
aS'Over 13000 people attend 31st annual Career and Education Day KPRC Houston - Feb 19, 2017 HOUSTON - Over 13,000 people strolled through the George R. Brown Convention Center Saturday in hopes of a brighter future as part of one of the largest career exploration events in the country.'
p5
aS'Meet the company picking up the pieces  of Career Point and ITT ... San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 4, 2016 The closure of three for-profit vocational schools operating in San Antonio this year has been a business opportunity for a competitor in the market that was dealing with declining enrollment at its own educational company. That would be National ...'
p6
aS"Questions and conflicts: Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump's secretary of education ... Salon - Jan 17, 2017 Her nomination to lead public education may seem curious, as DeVos has never worked in public education and supports diverting public funds to pay for kids to attend private, religious schools."
p7
aS'David Evanier Tablet Magazine - Mar 22, 2017 The group, based in Harlem and in Long Island City, offers computer tutoring, substance-abuse treatment, cooking classes, job-readiness preparation, remedial education, father- and motherhood programs, mental-health services, and employment. The ...'
p8
aS"DC People's Counsel asks court to decide Pepco-Exelon Washington Business Journal - Aug 12, 2016 The District's Office of the People's Counsel is taking its opposition to the $7.1 billion merger of Pepco Holdings Inc. and Chicago-based Exelon Corp.  to court. The D.C. Public Service Commission, which on March 23 approved the merger and&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Randstad To Acquire Monster Worldwide To Transform The Way People And Jobs Connect PR Newswire  - Aug 9, 2016 AMSTERDAM and WESTON, Mass., Aug. 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Randstad Holding nv , a leading human resources services provider, and Monster Worldwide, Inc. , a global leader in connecting jobs and people, today&nbsp;...'
p10
a.