(lp0
S'Pennsylvania REIT: Viewed Through The Eyes Of A Preferred Investor Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 Although PEI commons increased in value over the past five years, they have not performed as well recently. Which appears to be supported by its recent losses and downgrades.'
p1
aS"Pennsylvania REIT: A View From The Perspective Of A Preferred Investor Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 What follows is that process. When considering the acquisition of Pennsylvania REIT ) preferred shares, it's necessary that we view that company through a different set of eyes than we would were we interested in acquiring its common shares."
p2
aS'Pennsylvania REIT  Downgraded by TheStreet to D+ The Cerbat Gem - 11 hours ago Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  was downgraded by TheStreet from a c- rating to a d+ rating in a research note issued on Friday.Pennsylvania REIT  Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet - Community Financial NewsTheStreet downgraded Pennsylvania REIT  to D+ in a statement ... - Breaking Finance News'
p3
aS'Pennsylvania REIT Sheds Rest of Mall Laggards Wall Street Journal - Mar 30, 2016 Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, or PREIT, sold two malls in Alabama and one in Christiansburg, Va., to a fund managed by Farallon Capital Management LLC of San Francisco.PREIT trims four shopping malls from portfolio, in two sales worth $92.4M - Philly.com'
p4
aS'Pennsylvania REIT  Lowered to D+ at TheStreet Sports Perspectives - 11 hours ago Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo TheStreet downgraded shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  from a c- rating to a d+ rating in a research report report published on Friday morning.Pennsylvania REIT - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSPennsylvania REIT  PT Lowered to $18.00 - Community Financial News'
p5
aS'PREIT Preferred - Over 7% From This Mall REIT Seeking Alpha - Jan 20, 2017 PREIT, a Pennsylvania business trust founded in 1960 and one of the first equity REITs in the United States, has a primary investment focus on retail shopping malls located in the eastern half of the United States, primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region.'
p6
aS"Springfield Town Center owner moves toward mall parking lot development Washington Business Journal - Mar 7, 2017 The owner of the Springfield Town Center is no longer taking a wait-and-see approach to the long-anticipated redevelopment of the mall property's expansive parking lots."
p7
aS'Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Pennsylvania REIT  BNB Daily  - Mar 4, 2017 Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p8
aS'Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Position in Pennsylvania REIT  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 22, 2017 Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  by 3.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.Pennsylvania REIT  Reaches $13.96 After 3.00% Down Move, V3 Capital ... - MoneyMakingArticles'
p9
aS'PREIT Means Luxury At A Discount Seeking Alpha - May 23, 2016 In other words, I decided to focus on a few mall REITs this week, starting with Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust or PREIT.'
p10
a.