(lp0
S'Independent Bank Corp. Announces Completion of Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc ... Business Wire  - Feb 20, 2015 ROCKLAND, Mass.----Independent Bank Corp. , parent of Rockland Trust Company, today announced the closing of its acquisition of Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc. , parent of Peoples Federal&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Peoples National Bank faces lawsuit Mt. Vernon Register-News - Mar 21, 2017 VERNON - Peoples National Bank is being sued in federal court over allegations of racketeering, financial institution fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, and more.'
p2
aS"Savings &amp; Loans Stocks Under Scanner -- New York Community, People's United ... PR Newswire  - 20 hours ago Stock-Callers.com has initiated coverage on the following Savings and Loans firms: New York Community Bancorp Inc. , People's United Financial Inc. , Northwest Bancshares Inc. , and Washington Federal&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Civil lawsuit accuses Peoples National Bank and its leaders of racketeering, fraud The Southern - Mar 19, 2017 In a lawsuit filed this past week in federal court, Grand Rivers Community Bank accuses Peoples National Bank and its leaders of usurping control of Grand Rivers for racketeering activities from August 2010 through the present time to the detriment of ...'
p4
aS'Local bank, CPA among defendants in RICO suit The Navigator - Mar 23, 2017 A civil lawsuit filed in federal district cut alleges a southern Illinois bank attempted to gain control of another through racketeering activities.'
p5
aS"Research Reports on Savings &amp; Loans Equities -- New York Community Bancorp ... PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com scans the performances of these four stocks: New York Community Bancorp Inc. , People's United Financial Inc. , Northwest Bancshares Inc. , and Washington Federal Inc."
p6
aS"Wells Fargo's Predatory Acts Lower CRA Rating, As Federal Reserve Loosens ... Inner City Press - 11 hours ago FFW and others including NCRC protested, and Inner City Press has Freedom of Information Act requests pending regarding, the application by People's United to acquire Suffolk County National Bank. ... On March 13, the Fed asked CBU: &quot;In connection with ..."
p7
aS'Heartland Bank, Stung in NY Bankruptcy, Enters Agreement With Federal Reserve Arkansas Business Online - Dec 20, 2016 Heartland Bank of Little Rock and its holding company, Rock Bancshares Inc., have entered a written agreement with the Federal Reserve aimed at improving their &quot;financial soundness&quot; even as a prominent borrower has filed for bankruptcy protection.'
p8
aS"Federal Reserve Board OK's Huntington acquiring FirstMerit Bank cleveland.com - Jul 29, 2016 The Federal Reserve Board on Friday approved Huntington Bancshares Inc.'s application to acquire FirstMerit Bank N.A.Fed approves Huntington's acquisition of FirstMerit - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p9
aS"ICP Timely Requests Reconsideration of Federal Reserve Loosening Merger ... Inner City Press - Mar 27, 2017 FFW and others including NCRC protested, and Inner City Press has Freedom of Information Act requests pending regarding, the application by People's United to acquire Suffolk County National Bank. ... On March 13, the Fed asked CBU: &quot;In connection with ..."
p10
a.