(lp0
S'PIONEER ENERGY SERVICES CORP.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Pioneer Energy Services Corp. provides land-based drilling services and production services to oil and gas exploration, and production companies in the United States and internationally in Colombia.'
p1
aS"Why Pioneer Energy Services Corp.'s Stock Is Sinking Today Motley Fool - Dec 7, 2016 Pioneer Energy Services decided to take advantage of the fact that its stock price has roughly doubled over the past month -- largely due to OPEC's agreement to support oil prices -- to raise cash and improve its balance sheet."
p2
aS'Pioneer Energy Services Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Nov 1, 2016 &quot;With commodity prices remaining well above the lows seen in the first quarter, demand for our services has continued to improve,&quot; said Wm.'
p3
aS"Traders Focused Stock: Pioneer Energy Services Corp.'s  Is stories - 18 hours ago Pioneer Energy Services Corp.'s  witnessed a loss of -5.00% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 3.80.Most Recent Analysts Ratings Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  - News OracleShare Watch: Examining the Levels for Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  - The Standard"
p4
aS'Pioneer Energy Services beats expectations on revenue despite nine quarters of ... San Antonio Business Journal - Feb 17, 2017 San Antonio-based drilling company Pioneer Energy Services Corp. has endured nine quarters of losses but nonetheless beat analyst expectations for revenue.'
p5
aS"Weak Earnings Weigh on Pioneer Energy Services Corp's Stock Motley Fool - Jul 28, 2016 What: Shares of Pioneer Energy Services  slumped on Thursday and were down more than 12% by 3:15 p.m. EDT. So what: The onshore contract driller reported revenue of just $62.3 million, which was down 17% from last quarter and 54%&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Sell-side Predictions for Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  Aiken Advocate - 19 hours ago Using data provided from various analysts, shares of Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  are presently listed with an ABR of 1.67.'
p7
aS'Are Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  Stock Technicals Favorable? USA Commerce Daily - 16 hours ago With all other things going on, Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  has been on a free fall - declining -41.98 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS'Calculating the fair value of Pioneer Energy Services Corp  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Does the March share price for Pioneer Energy Services  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p9
aS'Pacific Drilling SA versus Pioneer Energy Services Corp. Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Pacific Drilling S.A. has a higher fundamental rating than Pioneer Energy Services Corp. which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p10
a.