(lp0
S"PERMA-FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC  Files An 8-K Results of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 22, 2017 Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. is an environmental and environmental technology know-how company. It operates in three segments: The Treatment Segment , the Services Segment  and the Medical Segment .Will Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc's  Balance Sheet Trouble It ... - Simply Wall StPerma-Fix Environmental Services'  CEO Lou Centofanti on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Announces Letter of Intent for Certain ... Marketwired  - Oct 14, 2016 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that it has entered into a letter of intent with a private investor, subject to certain closing and other conditions, for the ...'
p2
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Hires Two Senior Industry Experts Marketwired  - Jan 7, 2015 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced the hiring of two senior industry experts, Jeff Bowers as Vice President of Nuclear Services Performance Assurance &amp; Business&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. 's Insider Mark Duff Invested in ... Herald KS - Mar 27, 2017 It was published in a legally required document which was filled with the D.C. based-SEC that Mark Duff, who works for Perma Fix Environmental Services Inc, and is currently the Executive Vice President/COO finalized an insider deal on 27-03-2017.Fuel Tech Inc versus Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc Head to Head Compare - CML NewsPerma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  Is At $3.15 Formed Wedge ... - NormanObserver.com"
p4
aS'Perma Fix Environmental Services Inc  Files Form 4 Insider Buying : Mark ... Energy Index - 12 hours ago Perma Fix Environmental Services Inc : Mark Duff , COO of Perma Fix Environmental Services Inc purchased 3,000 shares on Mar 27, 2017.Trading Watch for Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  - Lenox Ledger'
p5
aS'Decision Time: Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  Stock ... CML News - Mar 22, 2017 Decision Time: Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p6
aS'Perma-Fix Awarded Multi-Million Dollar United Kingdom Contract to Provide ... Marketwired  - Apr 24, 2014 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that its subsidiary Perma-Fix Environmental Services UK Ltd has been awarded a contract initially valued at approximately $2,200,000&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental: A Comeback In The Making Seeking Alpha  - Mar 24, 2015 Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc.  is a provider of both nuclear services and the management of nuclear and mixed waste.'
p8
aS"Perma-Fix Environmental Services'  CEO Lou Centofanti on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 Greetings, and welcome to the Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc, Third Quarter 2016 Investor Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode."
p9
aS"Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily Chaffey Breeze - Mar 18, 2017 Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily ratings newsletter.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p10
a.