(lp0
S'EOD Risers: Pfizer Inc., The Coca-Cola Co, Travelers Companies Inc DirectorsTalk Interviews - 22 hours ago Shares in Pfizer Inc. company symbol:  a research-based global biopharmaceutical company, moved up 0.53% or 0.18 points by the close of business yesterday.'
p1
aS"Pfizer Inc  Excited By The Positive Chmp's Opinion On Trumenba As A ... Journal Transcript - 20 hours ago Pfizer Inc  has today made an announcement to inform all the concerned parties about the decision by the European Medicines Agency's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use to grant marketing authorization in the European Union&nbsp;...Pfizer Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalPfizer Inc. Posted losses of -0.85% in the Last Trade - Free Observer"
p2
aS'Pfizer Inc.  Closes 0.06% Down on the Day for March 28 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Shares of Pfizer Inc.  ended the trading day Tuesday at $34.16, representing a move of -0.06%, or $0.02 per share, on volume of 18.21 million shares.VANGUARD GROUP INC is the biggest holder of Pfizer Inc.  - Post AnalystPfizer Inc.  Stake Raised by Fiduciary Financial Services of The ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Delcath Systems, Inc. , Pfizer Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 20 hours ago Pfizer Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 5.20, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Healthcare Actives: Delcath Systems, Inc. , Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p4
aS"Talk Of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co  Acquisition By Pfizer Inc. (NYSE ... Market Exclusive - 19 hours ago According to Credit Suisse, immense value would be created if Pfizer Inc.  were to acquire Bristol-Myers Squibb Co .Could Pfizer Make Cash Bid for Bristol-Myers? - Barron's"
p5
aS"A Keen Look At The Chart For Pfizer Inc.  NY Stock News - 13 hours ago Pfizer Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for Pfizer Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Pfizer Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS"EOD Risers: Microsoft Corporation, Pfizer Inc., Travelers Companies Inc DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 23, 2017 Shares of Pfizer Inc. company symbol:  a research-based global biopharmaceutical company, gained 0.64% or 0.22 points throughout yesterday's trading day."
p8
aS"EOD Risers: Merck &amp; Co., Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Nike Inc, Pfizer Inc ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 21, 2017 The trading price for Merck &amp; Co., Inc. EPIC code:  a global healthcare company, increased 0.33% or 0.21 points during yesterday's session."
p9
aS"Pfizer Inc.  Planning $100M Plant Expansion In The Triangle Journal Transcript - Mar 9, 2017 Reliable sources have also indicated that Pfizer is exploring options to locate the project in Massachusetts. Pfizer is currently working on the expansion of its Andover plant at a total cost of $200. The expansion is aimed at expanding the company's ..."
p10
a.