(lp0
S'Stock Returns: MBT Financial Corp.  versus Peapack-Gladstone ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MBT Financial Corp.  versus Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  .'
p1
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation to Acquire Wealth Management ... Marketwired  - Mar 19, 2015 BEDMINSTER, NJ-- - Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation , parent company of Peapack-Gladstone Bank, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Morristown, NJ-based&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Maureen E. Hemhauser Joins Peapack-Gladstone Bank Marketwired  - Mar 2, 2015 BEDMINSTER, NJ-- - Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  and Peapack-Gladstone Bank announce the appointment of Maureen E. Hemhauser to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Compliance&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Bank promotes chief operating officer, names replacement NJBIZ - Feb 14, 2017 He is an experienced financial services executive with expertise in business alignment, innovation and operations, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions integration and performance management, the bank said.Peapack-Gladstone Financial  Names Robert Plante as COO - StreetInsider.comStocks Retreat on New Development: eBay Inc. , Peapack-Gladstone ... - Street Wise Report  '
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Peapack ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp.  Downgraded by Sandler O'Neill Sports Perspectives - Dec 22, 2016 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp. logo Sandler O'Neill lowered shares of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Monday morning."
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Heritage Commerce Corp  versus Peapack-Gladstone ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Heritage Commerce Corp  versus Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation has a P/B ratio of 1.76. It also has a P/E ratio of 19.9. Peapack Gladstone Financial Corp provides commercial banking services. It also provides consumer banking services, including checking and savings account,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Caesarstone Ltd  Reaches $35.65 After 9.00% Up Move, Peapack Gladstone ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 24, 2017 The SI to Peapack Gladstone Financial Corporation's float is 1.6%. About 6,772 shares traded. Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  has risen 48.42% since August 17, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 40.92% the S&amp;P500."
p9
aS'Lisa Chalkan Joins Peapack-Gladstone Bank Marketwired  - Apr 13, 2015 BEDMINSTER, NJ-- - Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  and Peapack-Gladstone Bank announce the appointment of Lisa Chalkan to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Credit Officer. Lisa brings&nbsp;...'
p10
a.