(lp0
S"Pike Corp.  to Go Private for $12/Share StreetInsider.com  - Aug 4, 2014 Pike Corporation  announced today that it has signed a definitive merger agreement under which investment firm Court Square Capital Partners in partnership with J. Eric Pike, the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will acquire&nbsp;...Court Square Capital Partners, Pike CEO To Buy Pike Electric - RTT News"
p1
aS"CEO of Pike Corp. to Deliver Keynote at Electric Utility Fleet Conference ... Lift and Access - Mar 30, 2016 The 63rd annual EUFMC takes place in Williamsburg, Va., June 5-8, 2016. This year's theme is Solutions for Managing a Progressive Fleet."
p2
aS"Local leader excited about economy Mount Airy News - Feb 18, 2017 When there's an ice storm or hurricane, that's usually when people know we are there, Pike Corp. Chairman and CEO J. Eric Pike said during the EDP's 22nd-annual meeting Friday at the N.C."
p3
aS'The Pike in Long Beach transforming with new businesses, public events Long Beach Press Telegram - Mar 20, 2017 ... Provence, The Pike Outlets marketing manager, said about the center that originally opened in 2003 and long suffered from struggles to draw and retain retailers.'
p4
aS'Underground line costs exceed half-million Mount Airy News - Mar 13, 2017 Brinkley, who has knowledge of electrical operations due to an association with Pike Corp., directed the most questions to the Duke Energy representatives at the retreat, with Commissioner Steve Yokeley also tossing out a cost-related query.'
p5
aS"Iran's 'reciprocal' sanctions include Blooming Grove's Kahr Arms Pocono Record - Mar 27, 2017 Pike County gun maker Kahr Arms and firearms developers Magnum Research were among 15 American companies sanctioned by Iran, blaming the companies for alleged support of terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a ..."
p6
aS'Clark County Common Pleas Court cases Springfield News Sun - 16 hours ago Larry S. and Rita F. Crooks to Rita F. Crooks, 10515 Detrick-Jordan Pike, New Carlisle; no fee. Timothy E. Fent to ... Pearl R. Thomas and Linda L. Thomas to Clark County Land Reutilization Corp., 1711 Lagonda Ave., Springfield; no fee. Paul J. and ...'
p7
aS"Don Peebles: 'Like Him Or Not, Donald Trump Will Be Good For Real Estate' Bisnow - 11 hours ago Peebles, the chairman and CEO of the largest African-American-owned real estate development company in the United States, The Peebles Corp., said his approach to politics is akin to Henry Kissinger's philosophy of American foreign policy: Relationships ..."
p8
aS"Insider Trading at Osisko Mining Corp? Chaffey Breeze - 10 hours ago Osisko Mining Corp logo Osisko Mining Corp  Director Andr Gaumond sold 25,000 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th.Christopher C. Curfman Buys 10000 Shares of Osisko Mining Corp  Stock - Community Financial News"
p9
aS'Daily Digest Memphis Daily News - 11 hours ago Memphis-based FedEx Corp. and JA  Worldwide are partnering for the FedEx Junior Business Challenge, a program in conjunction with the PGA Tour to help empower the next generation of entrepreneurs.'
p10
a.