(lp0
S"BRIEF-Piper Jaffray Companies says CEO Andrew Duff's total 2016 compensation ... Reuters - 10 hours ago ... $5.99 mln vs $5 mln in 2015. March 28 Piper Jaffray Companies: * Piper Jaffray companies says CEO Andrew S. Duff's total 2016 compensation was $5.99 million versus $5 million in 2015 - sec filing Source text (bit."
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Reata ... Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on identifying, developing and commercializing product candidates that modulate the activity of regulatory proteins involved in the biology of ...Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc  Earns Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray ... - The Cerbat GemReata Pharmaceuticals Inc  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p2
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Initiates Coverage On Zosano Pharma ... Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 Today, Piper Jaffray Companies initiated coverage on Zosano Pharma Corp  with a Overweight. There are 1 hold rating, 2 buy ratings on the stock.Zosano Pharma Corp  Research Coverage Started at Piper Jaffray Companies - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS'Piper Jaffray Companies  Plunges 5.8% on March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Piper Jaffray Companies  had a rough trading day for Tuesday March 21 as shares tumbled 5.8%, or a loss of $-3.9 per share, to close at $63.35.'
p4
aS"Cara Therapeutics Inc  Receives Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray ... Chaffey Breeze - 21 minutes ago Cara Therapeutics logo Cara Therapeutics Inc 's stock had its overweight rating restated by Piper Jaffray Companies in a research note issued to investors on Friday. They presently have a $23.00 price objective on the biopharmaceutical&nbsp;...Cara Therapeutics Inc  Given Positive Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies - Community Financial NewsCara Therapeutics Inc  Sets New 12-Month High Following Analyst Upgrade - Sports Perspectives"
p5
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Apple ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Overweight rating on Apple  with a price target of $155.00. There are 1 sell rating, 8 hold ratings, 37 buy ratings, 2 strong buy ratings on the stock.The Apple Inc.  Given Overweight Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Habit ... Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Overweight rating on Habit Restaurants  with a price target of $20.00.Habit Restaurants Inc  Given Overweight Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Lowers Its Price Target On Horizon ... Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 Today, Piper Jaffray Companies lowered its price target on Horizon Pharma PLC  to per share. There are 1 hold rating, 10 buy ratings on the stock.Horizon Pharma PLC  Price Target Lowered to $30.00 at Piper Jaffray ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Initiates Coverage On Snap (NYSE ... Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way that people live and communicate.Snap Inc  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies - Chaffey BreezePiper Jaffray Starts Snap Inc  at Neutral - StreetInsider.com'
p9
aS'Zosano Pharma Corp  Coverage Initiated at Piper Jaffray Companies The Cerbat Gem - 20 hours ago Zosano Pharma Corp logo Equities researchers at Piper Jaffray Companies began coverage on shares of Zosano Pharma Corp  in a report issued on Friday.Latest Stocks: The Zosano Pharma Corp  Receives New Coverage from ... - Petro Global News 24Zosano Pharma Corp  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Piper Jaffray ... - BBNS'
p10
a.