(lp0
S'Is Plexus Corp  undervalued when accounting for its future growth? Simply Wall St - Mar 23, 2017 Plexus Corp  closed yesterday at $56.97, leaving some investors asking whether this price can still be justified by the high growth potential.The Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Plexus Corp.  to Hold - Petro Global News 24Plexus Corp.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Breaking: Plexus Corp.  Stock Through Resistance -- Technicals ... CML News - 19 hours ago Breaking: Plexus Corp.  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.Plexus Corp.  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from Analysts - Community Financial News'
p2
aS'Is Plexus Corp  As Financially Strong As It Appears Due To Its Low Debt? Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 Small-cap companies such as Plexus Corp  with its market cap of USD $1,916 Million, benefit the most from improving economic conditions due to the growth potential, but on the other hand they also are highly prone to a downturn, thus&nbsp;...Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Stake in Plexus Corp.  - BBNSToday Plexus Corp.  Chairman Dean A. Foate Sells 3500 Shares - DailyQuint'
p3
aS'Watching the Levels for Plexus Corp.  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago Plexus Corp.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.139255. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p4
aS"Plexus donates $50000 to FVTC program Appleton Post Crescent - Dec 8, 2016 High school students in the region can potentially qualify for a debt-free college experience if they meet certain criteria through the Fox Valley Technical College Promise program, which the Plexus Corp. Charitable Foundation's gift is allocated toward."
p5
aS"Plexus Corp's  Todd Kelsey to Succeed Dean Foate as CEO StreetInsider.com - Apr 20, 2016 Plexus  today announced Dean Foate's intention to retire as President and Chief Executive Officer at the end of Plexus' fiscal year 2016. Having served in the role since 2002, Mr. Foate led the development of Plexus' differentiated&nbsp;...Plexus Announces Todd Kelsey to Succeed Dean Foate as Chief Executive Officer - GlobeNewswire "
p6
aS'The Plexus Corp.  Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Mar 24, 2017 Plexus Corp.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday.Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Stake in Plexus Corp.  - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'Street Analyst Thoughts on Shares of Plexus Corp.  Melville Review - 14 hours ago Covering sell-side analysts currently have a consensus stock rating of 3 on shares of Plexus Corp. . Covering analysts will frequently provide Sell, Hold, or Buy recommendations based on their research.'
p8
aS"Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Decreases Position in Plexus Corp.  BNB Daily  - Mar 12, 2017 Plexus Corp. logo Tudor Investment Corp Et Al reduced its stake in shares of Plexus Corp.  by 37.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.Plexus Corp.'s  Buy Rating Reiterated at Needham &amp; Company LLC - The Cerbat GemPlexus Corp.  Rating Reiterated by Needham &amp; Company LLC - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS'Zacks Investment Research Lowers Plexus Corp.  to Hold BBNS - Mar 27, 2017 Plexus Corp. logo Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Plexus Corp.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday.Plexus Corp.  Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Community Financial NewsPlexus Corp.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p10
a.