(lp0
S'Pinnacle Financial Partners  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy The Cerbat Gem - 19 hours ago Pinnacle Financial Partners logo Pinnacle Financial Partners  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report issued on Tuesday.Employees Retirement System of Texas Holds Position in Pinnacle Financial ... - Chaffey BreezeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS"Fortune Magazine names Pinnacle Financial Partners 34th best company to work for Maryville Daily Times - Mar 10, 2017 It's always an honor to hear our associates say they love working here, and even more so to see it backed up by independent research, Terry Turner, Pinnacle's president and CEO, said in the release. As we've grown from a staff of 34 in a single ...Fortune Magazine Names Pinnacle One of the Nation's Best Places to Work - Business Wire Why this Nashville bank is now one of the country's best places to work - Nashville Business Journal"
p2
aS"Titans Host Pinnacle's New Associate Orientation at Nissan Stadium Titansonline.com - 15 hours ago The Titans supported their long-time partnership with Pinnacle Financial Partners by hosting the first day of a three-day orientation for new associates at Nissan Stadium on Friday, March 24."
p3
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.1% to close at $68.65.Pinnacle Financial Partners  Stake Boosted by Thrivent Financial for ... - The Cerbat GemLatest Stocks: The Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Pinnacle Financial ... - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Sells 1200 Shares of ConocoPhillips  The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago ConocoPhillips logo Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. lowered its stake in ConocoPhillips  by 2.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.ConocoPhillips - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p5
aS'Nike Inc  Shares Sold by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Nike logo Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. lowered its position in Nike Inc  by 38.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p6
aS"Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc.  Plunges 6.47% on March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc.  had a rough trading day for Tuesday March 21 as shares tumbled 6.47%, or a loss of $-4.35 per share, to close at $62.90.The Way Wall Street Experts See Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.  - Post AnalystAnalysts EPS Estimate for present quarter: Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.'s ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p7
aS"Pinnacle Financial Partners  At $63.80 Forms Top; Nuveen Tax Advantaged ... Herald KS - Mar 27, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners  formed multiple top with $66.99 target or 5.00% above today's $63.80 share price. Pinnacle Financial Partners  has $3.19 billion valuation. The stock increased 0.47% or $0.3 on March 24, reaching $63.8.Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge"
p8
aS'Medtronic plc.  Shares Bought by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Medtronic plc. logo Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. raised its position in Medtronic plc.  by 1.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.'
p9
aS'Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc  Stake Boosted by Pinnacle Financial ... Sports Perspectives - 17 hours ago Walgreens Boots Alliance logo Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. boosted its position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc  by 30.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Empire Life Investments Inc. Acquires New Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.