(lp0
S'Pacific Premier Bancorp  Stockholders Approve Acquisition of Heritage ... StreetInsider.com - 20 hours ago Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. , the holding company of Pacific Premier Bank , announced today that the Company received stockholder approval of the issuance of shares of its common stock in the proposed merger with&nbsp;...Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Pacific Premier Bancorp Inc  is Beating MidWestOne ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MidWestOne Financial Group Inc  versus Pacific Premier Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p3
aS"Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. to Acquire Heritage Oaks Bancorp GlobeNewswire  - Dec 13, 2016 IRVINE, Calif., Dec. 13, 2016  -- Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc.  , the holding company of Pacific Premier Bank  and Heritage Oaks Bancorp&nbsp;...Heritage Oaks Bank's Parent Company Being Acquired by Pacific Premier Bancorp - NoozhawkPacific Premier Buys in Central Coast - Orange County Business Journal"
p4
aS'Pacific Premier Bancorp Announces Receipt of Regulatory Approvals for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. , the holding company of Pacific Premier Bank, announced today that it has received the required regulatory approvals from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the California Department of ...'
p5
aS"Pacific Premier Bancorp Seems To Be Living Up To Its Name Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 To be sure, my growth expectations for Pacific Premier Bancorp  aren't conservative, but I do believe the bank could double its adjusted earnings between 2017 and 2020/2021 and double them again over the ensuing five years."
p6
aS'Pacific Premier Bancorp Ranked as a Top Performing Community Bank by S&amp;P ... Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2017 IRVINE, Calif.----Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. , the holding company of Pacific Premier Bank, announced today that it was named as a top performing community bank by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence based on its&nbsp;...PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveStock Returns: Southwest Bancorp Inc  versus Pacific Premier ... - CML News'
p7
aS'Pacific Premier Bancorp Announces Upcoming Investor Conferences Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. , the holding company of Pacific Premier Bank, announced today that Steven R. Gardner, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, will participate in the Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional Investors&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Pacific Premier Bancorp's  CEO Steve Gardner on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 19, 2016 Good afternoon, and welcome to the Pacific Premier Bancorp's Q3 2016 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode today."
p9
aS'Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. Announces Completion of Acquisition of Security ... Business Wire  - Feb 1, 2016 IRVINE, Calif.----Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc.  , the holding company of Pacific Premier Bank , announced today that it has completed the acquisition, effective as of January 31, 2016, of Security&nbsp;...'
p10
a.