(lp0
S'PPG Industries Inc.: PPG to announce first quarter 2017 results April 20 The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 27, 2017 At PPG , we work every day to develop and deliver the paints, coatings and materials that our customers have trusted for more than 130 years.'
p1
aS'PPG prepares new bid for Akzo Nobel after first offer failed: Bloomberg MarketWatch - Mar 21, 2017 PPG Industries Inc. PPG, +0.03% is still eyeing a takeover of Akzo Nobel NV AKZA, -1.02% AKZOY, +2.64% preparing another bid for the Dutch paints and chemicals company after its first attempt failed earlier in March, according to Bloomberg.PPG Said to Prepare New Akzo Bid After $22.4 Billion Failed - BloombergPPG Increases Its Offer For Akzo Nobel - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS"PPG Industries Said to Explore Possible Deal With Akzo Nobel Bloomberg - Mar 8, 2017 PPG Industries Inc., the world's largest coatings company, is exploring a potential deal with Dutch rival Akzo Nobel NV, according to people familiar with the matter.PPG Makes Preliminary Offer For Akzo Nobel - Seeking AlphaAkzo Nobel rejects $22 billion PPG bid, looks to spin off chemicals - Reuters"
p3
aS"Is It Time to go for Entergy Corporation , PPG Industries, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 PPG Industries, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.94, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p4
aS'PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 PPG Industries, Inc.  manufactures and distributes a range of coatings, specialty materials and glass products.Taking a Look at the Data Behind PPG Industries, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalPPG Industries, Inc.  Stock Will Show Resistance At $104.89 - USA Commerce Daily'
p5
aS"Akzo Shareholder Says PPG Offer Has `Strategic Rationale' Bloomberg - Mar 10, 2017 PPG Industries Inc.'s bid for competitor Akzo Nobel NV makes strategic sense, even if it was too low, according to one of the Dutch company's shareholders.Blog Coverage PPG Industries' Merger Proposal Rejected by AkzoNobel - Yahoo FinanceAkzo Nobel NV offer from PPG Industries, Inc.  - Benchmark Monitor"
p6
aS"What investors have to know about PPG Industries Inc's  future? Simply Wall St - Mar 18, 2017 What can investors expect from PPG Industries Inc  in the future? Are you considering investing? Then keep reading.Brokerages Set PPG Industries, Inc.  Price Target at $111.73 - Chaffey BreezeWhy PPG Industries, Inc.  In Focus? - Transcript Daily"
p7
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: PPG Industries Inc Implied Price Swing ... CML News - 11 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that PPG Industries Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p8
aS'PPG Industries, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - 22 hours ago Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of PPG Industries, Inc. . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 4 brokers have issued a rating ...Analysts Watch PPG Industries, Inc.  And Issue New Targets - NewsDen'
p9
aS"Why to Keeping Eye on Kellogg Company , PPG Industries, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 21, 2017 PPG Industries, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.94, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p10
a.