(lp0
S'PRA Group Takes a Huge Charge to Finish 2016 Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 PRA Group  has made every effort to take advantage of the debt collection industry in which it operates, and the company has dealt well with somewhat adverse industry conditions that have weighed on its ability to do business in the manner&nbsp;...PRA Group Announces CEO Succession Plan - GlobeNewswire PRA Group  Incurs Q4 Loss, Declares Management Changes - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS"PRA Group to change leadership, with Kevin Stevenson becoming CEO Virginian-Pilot - Mar 10, 2017 I am honored by the confidence that the PRA Group Board has placed in me through this appointment as the company's second CEO, Stevenson said in a news release. PRA Group has an enviable position as a global industry leader due to a relentless&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 40871 Pra Group Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 19 hours ago Pra Group logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Pra Group Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p3
aS"EZCORP Inc versus PRA Group Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 18 hours ago These companies have the same star rating so the head-to-head compare will rely on a deep dive into specific metric comparisons. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition. The rating is&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'PRA Group Announces the Sale of Government Services Business GlobeNewswire  - Jan 26, 2017 NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 26, 2017  -- PRA Group, Inc. , a global leader in acquiring nonperforming loans, today announced the sale of its Government Services fee-for-service business for $91.5 million in cash plus additional&nbsp;...Millstein forms GRS though acquisitions - PE Hub  '
p5
aS'PRA Group Struggling To Adapt To A New World Seeking Alpha - May 25, 2016 A lot has changed for PRA Group  over the last few years. The company has become one of the largest collectors of defaulted credit card receivables at a time when supply has been reduced by the absence of three of the largest sellers of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Why PRA Group  Could Be Positioned for a Slump March 09, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 9, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is PRA Group, Inc.  , which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"PRA Group to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results on February 28 GlobeNewswire  - Jan 26, 2017 NORFOLK, Va., Feb. 22, 2017  -- As previously announced on Jan. 26 in conjunction with the press release regarding the sale of the Company's Government Services business, PRA Group, Inc. , a global leader in&nbsp;...EPS Projection Of PRA Group, Inc.  At $1.03 - Markets Daily"
p8
aS'PRA Group: An Undervalued Stock Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2016 In addition, PRA prefers to hold onto portfolios, rather than buy and flip in a couple years when market conditions improve.'
p9
aS"Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP Commences Investigation on Behalf of PRA Group ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 24, 2017 Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP  is investigating potential claims on behalf of investors of PRA Group, Inc.   concerning the Company and its officers' possible violations of federal securities laws."
p10
a.