(lp0
S'Perceptron Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Perceptron Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p1
aS'Perceptron, Inc.  Receives Average Rating of  from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago Perceptron logo Shares of Perceptron, Inc.  have received an average broker rating score of 0.00  from the one analysts that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.Latest Stocks: The Zacks: Perceptron, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Perceptron May Have Turned The Corner Seeking Alpha - Sep 13, 2016 Perceptron  has been around since 1981, but has lagged behind its industry peers in growth, execution, and performance.'
p3
aS'Magal Security Systems Ltd. versus Perceptron Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Magal Security Systems Ltd. has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Perceptron Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p4
aS'Price Alert: Perceptron Inc  Stock Nears Resistance -- Technicals ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Price Alert: Perceptron Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p5
aS"Perceptron Appoints William C. Taylor, James A. Ratigan and John F. Bryant to ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 9, 2016 PLYMOUTH, Mich., Aug. 09, 2016  -- Perceptron, Inc.  today announced that William C. Taylor, James A. Ratigan and John F. Bryant have joined the Company's Board of Directors."
p6
aS'Perceptron: Private Value Greater Than Current Market Price Attracts Activist Seeking Alpha - May 2, 2016 Perceptron, Inc.  develops and sells automated industrial measuring products and solutions in the Americas, Europe, and Asia.'
p7
aS'Latest Stocks: Perceptron Inc.  Stake Increased by Punch &amp; Associates ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 26, 2017 Punch &amp; Associates Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Perceptron Inc.  by 24.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Zacks: Perceptron, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of  by Analysts - Sports PerspectivesPerceptron, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p8
aS'Perceptron Inc. Acquires CMM Designer, Manufacturer COORD3, CMM Software Developer Quality Magazine - Feb 3, 2015 &quot;The acquisitions of Coord3 and Next Metrology illustrate the progress we are making to implement our strategic plan,&quot; said Jeffrey M. Armstrong, chief executive officer of Perceptron. &quot;These transactions expand and diversify our offerings in the ...'
p9
aS'Perceptron Inc  Option Trading Earnings Short Puts CML News - Mar 24, 2017 As we look at Perceptron Inc we note that a short put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the short put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding earnings.'
p10
a.