(lp0
S"Progress Software shares fall after revenue miss CNBC - Jan 17, 2017 Progress Software shares plunged sharply Tuesday a day after the business software maker missed revenue estimates. The Massachusetts-based company posted earnings per share of 62 cents on revenue of $118 million on Monday.Progress Software's  CEO Yogesh Gupta on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaProgress Software reports 4Q loss - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS"Progress Software Q4 Loss Widens, COO Jerry Rulli To Step Down; To Cut Jobs RTT News - Jan 17, 2017 Progress Software Corp.  reported that its net loss for the fourth-quarter widened to $73.8 million or $1.52 per share from last year's $9.5 million or $0.19 per share, reflecting an impairment charge."
p2
aS'PT Review for Progress Software Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 11 hours ago Street analysts that cover Progress Software Corporation , currently have a target price of $28 on company shares.'
p3
aS'Progress Software: Is This Stealthy Activist Making Progress? Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2016 Progress Software Corporation  is a global software company that simplifies the development, deployment and management of business applications.Progress Software Corporation  Stock | Shares Gap Down On Poor Earnings ... - TickerTV News Progress Software CFO, Chris Perkins, Announces Plans to Retire - Business Wire '
p4
aS'Exclusive: Progress Software exploring sale - sources Reuters - Jan 14, 2016 Business software company Progress Software Corp is considering a sale as part of an exploration of strategic alternatives and has spoken to private equity firms about a potential deal, according to people familiar with the matter.'
p5
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Technology Select Sector SPDR, j2 Global ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Progress Software Corporation  is a global supplier of application development, deployment and management technology, Internet, and intranet-enabling technologies and support services to business, industry and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Progress Software Announces Details for Fiscal First Quarter 2017 Earnings ... Business Wire  - Mar 22, 2017 Progress and Progress Software are trademarks or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S.Progress Software Corporation  has been downgraded to Hold in a ... - Breaking Finance NewsProgress Software Co.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS"What You Must Know About Progress Software Corporation's  Financial Health Simply Wall St - Mar 5, 2017 Progress Software Corporation , with a market capitalization of USD $1,402 Million, is considered a small-cap company.Progress Software Corporation  Option Trading Earnings Short Puts - CML News"
p8
aS'Progress Software: Exposure To The Growth Of Cloud And Mobile Application ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 7, 2016 Progress Software Corporation  is a global software company that provides enterprise software programming tools which simplify the development, deployment and management of business applications on-premise, in the cloud or on any&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Progress Software's  CEO Phil Pead on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 1, 2016 ... outlook for future financial and operating performance, corporate strategies, product plans, cost initiatives, or other information that might be considered forward-looking."
p10
a.