(lp0
S"Today's Brokerage Rating: Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , Wayfair Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Groupon, Inc. (GRPN ... - The USA CommercePortola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Consensus Alert - Aiken Advocate"
p1
aS'Why Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc Is Plunging Today Motley Fool - Aug 18, 2016 What: Shares of Portola Pharmaceuticals , a clinical-stage biotech focused primarily on hematologic diseases, are down by more than 18% as of 10:40 a.m.Portola Pharmaceuticals Receives Complete Response Letter from FDA for ... - GlobeNewswire Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc : A Misinterpretation Discount? - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS"Why Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc Stock Surged Higher Today Motley Fool - Dec 23, 2016 Shares of clinical stage anticoagulant specialist Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc  rose 33.5% at the end of Friday's session.Portola Shares Surge on Application Acceptance - Wall Street Journal"
p3
aS"Risk-Adjusted Valuation Of Portola Pharmaceuticals Shows Significant Upside Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is a mid-cap biopharmaceutical company with two promising lead drugs: betrixaban and andexanet alfa.Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc ... - The USA CommercePortola Pharmaceuticals Inc  Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. - BNB Daily "
p4
aS"Portola Pharma Signs $150M Royalty Deal  Investopedia - Feb 8, 2017 Portola received $50 million at the closing of the deal, and is eligible to receive an additional $100 million if and when the U.S.Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc  Just Scored Twice In Quick Succession - Insider Monkey AGTC On Watch, It's Advantage REGN, No Need For FDA Panel Review For Betrixaban - RTT News"
p5
aS"Portola Pharmaceuticals' Pivotal Year Barron's - Dec 27, 2016 In conjunction with this news we raise our Portola  discounted-cash-flow-derived target price to $29 , mainly driven by a change in our probability of success  assumptions for betrixaban."
p6
aS"Biotech Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Portola Pharma, OvaScience, Ocera ... PR Newswire  - 21 hours ago In today's pre-market research, Stock-Callers.com dedicates attention to these four stocks: Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc. , OvaScience Inc. , Ocera Therapeutics Inc. , and Ocular Therapeutix Inc. (NASDAQ:&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Portola Pharmaceuticals Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 28, 2017 Collaboration and license revenue earned under Portola's collaboration and license agreements with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and Pfizer, Bayer Pharma and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Daiichi Sankyo and Dermavant Sciences was $13.7 million for the&nbsp;...Portola Pharmaceuticals posts 4Q loss - Yahoo FinancePortola Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 01 - Equities.com"
p8
aS'Portola Pharmaceuticals Announces Three Phase 3 APEX Substudy Results Showing ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 14, 2016 NEW ORLEANS and SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Nov. 14, 2016  -- Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced results from three substudies of the pivotal Phase 3 APEX Study of betrixaban, an oral, once-daily&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Portola Pharmaceuticals Announces New APEX Study Sub-Analyses Data to be ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 7, 2016 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Nov. 07, 2016  -- Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc.  today announced that results of new sub-analyses of the Phase 3 APEX Study of betrixaban, conducted by Dr.'
p10
a.