(lp0
S'Appeals court upholds $30 million judgment for Folsom-based company Sacramento Business Journal - Mar 9, 2017 The more. Dennis McCoy | Sacramento Business Journal file, 2008. A federal appeals court this week upheld a $30 million jury verdict in favor of Folsom-based Prism Technologies Group Inc. in a lawsuit accusing Sprint PCS of patent infringement.'
p1
aS"News Prism Technologies Group Inc.PRZM Wall Street Journal - Apr 12, 2015 News Prism Technologies Group Inc.PRZM. No news for PRZM in the past two years. Key Stock Data ? P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of ..."
p2
aS"Folsom-based company cuts CEO's salary to $12 Sacramento Business Journal - Sep 9, 2016 Folsom-based patent protection company Prism Technologies Group Inc. cut its executives' salaries by two-thirds overall, and its CEO's salary by more than 99 percent."
p3
aS'Prism Technologies Group, Inc. Receives Adverse Jury Verdict in Patent ... Marketwired  - Nov 2, 2015 SACRAMENTO, CA-- - Prism Technologies Group, Inc.  , today announced that a jury found that T-Mobile USA, Inc. did not infringe the asserted claims of U.S.'
p4
aS'PRISM TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Financial Statements ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Prism Technologies Group, Inc., formerly Internet Patents Corporation, is engaged in the business of licensing and enforcing a portfolio of patents relating to technologies developed by it.'
p5
aS'Prism Technologies Group, Inc. Announces Voluntary Delisting PR Web  - Feb 2, 2017 This news release may contain forward-looking statements, which include statements expressing the intent, belief or current expectations of Prism Technologies Group, Inc.  that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties and are ...'
p6
aS"BRIEF-Prism Technologies intents to voluntarily delist from Nasdaq capital market Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 March 26 Shares of Viacom Inc could rise 40 percent in the next year as the New York-based media company's new CEO Bob Bakish focuses on its Paramount Pictures studio and a handful of its networks to turn the business around, according to Barron's."
p7
aS'Equity in Focus: Prism Technologies Group Inc  BVN - 13 hours ago Prism Technologies Group Inc  currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -21.49. Active investors may choose to use this technical indicator as a stock evaluation tool.'
p8
aS'Prism Technologies Group Reports Successful Appeal of Patent Infringement ... PR Web  - Mar 6, 2017 Prism Technologies Group, Inc. ,  today announced that the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit unanimously affirmed the patent infringement verdict in favor of its subsidiary, Prism Technologies LLC (Prism LLC ...'
p9
aS'Insider Trading at Prism Technologies Group Inc.? The Cerbat Gem - Feb 8, 2017 Prism Technologies Group logo Prism Technologies Group, Inc.  Director Dennis Chookaszian bought 30,000 shares of Prism Technologies Group stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd.'
p10
a.