(lp0
S"An Investor's Rationale To Staying Long Pernix Therapeutics Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 I am long Pernix Therapeutics  stock and, while I may have gotten to the point of where I play hide and seek with the daily share price fluctuations, I am far from throwing in the towel on this company.Analyst Hints Surrounding Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  - Post AnalystPernix Therapeutics Holdings  At $3.84 Forms Top; DWS High Income ... - Herald KS"
p1
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Shares Jump on Back of Favorable ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 23, 2017 Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  investors have a smile on their faces Thursday morning, after the pharmaceutical firm announced that it received a favorable opinion in its litigation with Actavis Laboratories FL, Inc. regarding a proposed&nbsp;...Pernix Therapeutic Holdings, Inc.  Prevails in Patent Lawsuit - StockNewsUnionCourt affirms Pernix's Zohydro ER patents; shares ahead 35% premarket - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'Speculating On Pernix Therapeutics Seeking Alpha - Jun 2, 2016 The past two months have not been good for Pernix Therapeutics . After missing fourth quarter earnings by nearly 59 times the estimate, the stock has seen a steady decline from around $2.25 to $0.46 as of the Wednesday, June 1st close.'
p3
aS'Pernix Therapeutics: Turnaround In Progress Seeking Alpha - Aug 22, 2016 The Pernix Therapeutics  that many investors knew six months ago is long gone. Under the recent leadership of John Sedor, Chairman and CEO, the company has progressed rapidly to transform Pernix into a more focused and streamlined&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Pernix Therapeutics Appoints Ken Pia as General Counsel and Chief Compliance ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 6, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., Jan. 06, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on pain and CNS conditions, today announced the appointment of Ken Pia as Senior Vice&nbsp;...Pernix Therapeutics taps Pia as top legal exec - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS'Pernix Therapeutics  Reports 4Q and Full Year 2016 Results Smarter Analyst - 9 hours ago Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. engages in the research, development, and manufacture of biopharmaceutical products.Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  added to 9 new portfolios - Post AnalystPernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Provides Update on Arbitration GlobeNewswire  - Feb 3, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., Feb. 03, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on Pain and CNS conditions, today provided an update on the Company's arbitration with&nbsp;...Friday's Market Insights: Cerulean Pharma Inc , Pernix Therapeutics ... - Smarter AnalystPernix loses arbitration case with Glaxo, on the hook for up to $40M - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'What The Latest Ruling Means For Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Insider Financial - Feb 24, 2017 Back at the beginning of February, we took a look at Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  as part of this piece. The driver behind our turning our attention to Pernix was a then just-reported litigation outcome, detailing the conclusion of a ...Featured Stock to Focus: Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  - FactsReporter'
p8
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Just Made Itself A Lot More ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 We've covered Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  on numerous occasions over the last six months. The company has been a tough one to hold from a long-term shareholder perspective, but as we have said in the past, there looks to be a light&nbsp;...GSK Nabs $40M Arbitral Award In Migraine Drug Row - Law360 "
p9
aS'Brean Capital Reiterates Buy on Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc Following ... Smarter Analyst - Jul 8, 2016 In a research report published Friday, Brean Capital analyst Difei Yang reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc , with a $3.00 price target, after the company announced a reduction of 60 employees and expects&nbsp;...'
p10
a.