(lp0
S'Penn Virginia Corporation Emerges From Bankruptcy after 4 Months Oil & Gas 360 - Sep 13, 2016 The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia on August 11, 2016, confirmed that Penn Virginia Corporation has satisfied the conditions precedent to the effectiveness of its Plan of Reorganization. The company had filed voluntary ...Newly relocated Houston energy co. exits bankruptcy, creates new board roster - Houston Business JournalPenn Virginia  Completes Plan of Reorganization, Emerges from Bankruptcy - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS"Penn Virginia, one of the region's oldest businesses, files for bankruptcy ... Philly.com - May 12, 2016 Penn Virginia Corp. of Radnor, one of the region's oldest surviving businesses, filed for bankruptcy protection Thursday, a casualty of the worldwide plunge in energy prices.Penn Virginia Files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection - Wall Street JournalEnergy bankruptcies pile up - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Can Penn Virginia Really Be This Cheap? Seeking Alpha  - Sep 3, 2014 It may be a clich, but there's something to the idea that investors ought to be cautious when a stock price seems too good to be true."
p3
aS'Penn Virginia Corporation Is A Compelling Investment, With Or Without George Soros Seeking Alpha  - Aug 3, 2014 George Soros is pushing for a sale of Penn Virginia Corporation, but there are other reasons to own the stock. Penn Virginia has sold off or monetized its assets to fund its Eagle Ford endeavors.'
p4
aS'Penn Virginia Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results and ... BOE Report  - Mar 15, 2017 John A. Brooks, Interim Principal Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, commented, This is an exciting time for Penn Virginia. We restarted the Eagle Ford drilling program in November 2016 by drilling the third well on the three-well Sable ...'
p5
aS'Penn Virginia Exploring Sale of Company Wall Street Journal - Feb 26, 2015 Energy producer Penn Virginia Corp. is exploring a sale as its stock price has declined, its reserves have lost value and billionaire George Soros has urged the company to find a buyer.'
p6
aS'Soros Left in Lurch as Penn Virginia Misses Window: Real M&amp;A Bloomberg - Jul 22, 2015 The billionaire investor started publicly encouraging a sale of the oil explorer in March 2014, after building a stake in the company.'
p7
aS"Takeover Chatter Sends Penn Virginia Corporation's Stock Zooming Up 20% Motley Fool - Jun 25, 2015 What: Penn Virginia Corporation's  stock jumped more than 20% at one point today on reports that BP plc  has offered to buy the company."
p8
aS'Drilling Permit Roundup: Life after bankruptcy for Penn Virginia San Antonio Business Journal - Dec 28, 2016 Since mid-November, Penn Virginia has filed eight drilling permit applications with the Railroad Commission of Texas split between its Kudu Hunter lease in Lavaca County and its Zebra Hunter lease in Gonzales County.'
p9
aS'Penn Virginia files for bankruptcy Seeking Alpha - May 12, 2016 Penn Virginia  files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection through a prearranged restructuring it says will reduce its long-term debt by more than $1B.'
p10
a.