(lp0
S"Better Buy: Himax Technologies, Inc. vs. Qualcomm Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Most of Qualcomm's revenue comes from its mobile chips, which power smartphones, tablets, and other gadgets. But the lion's share of its profits come from its licensing business, which leverages its portfolio of wireless patents to collect high-margin ..."
p1
aS"Samsung And Qualcomm Lag: Game Apple Seeking Alpha - 13 hours ago Qualcomm's approach to the Snapdragon 835 seems a blunder, though not as large as the Snapdragon 810. Samsung also seems not to have advanced nearly enough to challenge Apple."
p2
aS"Should Qualcomm Inc. Worry About Xiaomi's New Chips? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm  and Chinese smartphone giant Xiaomi are often considered close partners. Qualcomm became one of Xiaomi's earliest investors in 2011, and all of Xiaomi's flagship devices use Qualcomm chips."
p3
aS"Intel Corp. and Qualcomm, Inc.: On a Collision Course Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 For years, there has been very little intersection between Intel's  core businesses and Qualcomm's .How Intel Corporation's Execution Issues Have Helped Qualcomm, Inc. - Bloomington Pantagraph"
p4
aS"MediaTek's Helio X30 Fails to Beat Qualcomm, Inc.'s Snapdragon 835 Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Its chief rival, MediaTek, has traditionally competed well in the low end and mid-range of the China smartphone market, but it has been less successful in the development of chips aimed at premium smartphones, a market where Qualcomm has enjoyed&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Data-Center Chips Get Microsoft Corporation's Blessing Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 Qualcomm  is well known for its cellular modems and mobile applications processors. Sales of such products make up the overwhelming majority of its semiconductor revenues.Qualcomm Collaborates with Microsoft to Accelerate Cloud Services on 10nm ... - PR Newswire QUALCOMM, Inc.  Aligns With Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... - Stock Market Daily"
p6
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Reportedly Gaining Chip Share in China Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Qualcomm  is the largest vendor of applications processors used in smartphones today. Though the company's highest-end applications processors, like the recently announced Snapdragon 835 for &quot;premium tier&quot; phones, garner the most&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Qualcomm: A View Of The Future Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 Many factors combined to produce the downturn. Among them, regulatory proceedings against the company, legal issues with Apple, Inc. , and legal issues in China. On top of all of this, Qualcomm missed Q1 2017 revenue estimates.Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Won't Escape These Problems Anytime Soon - Investorplace.comBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Merck &amp; Co., Inc. , QUALCOMM ... - The USA Commerce"
p8
aS"QUALCOMM, Inc.  Denies Samsung Electronics Co Ltd 's ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Despite the cordial working relationship that has existed between QUALCOMM, Inc.  and Samsung, it is not completely agreeable.QUALCOMM, Inc.  preventing Samsung from selling its Exynos chips - Benchmark Monitor"
p9
aS"QUALCOMM, Inc.  is GSA Capital Partners LLP's 5th Largest Position The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago QUALCOMM logo GSA Capital Partners LLP increased its stake in shares of QUALCOMM, Inc.  by 572.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .QUALCOMM, Inc.  Stake Boosted by Fred Alger Management Inc. - Chaffey BreezeLatest Stocks: The Roundview Capital LLC Maintains Position in QUALCOMM, Inc ... - Petro Global News 24"
p10
a.