(lp0
S"Why QLogic Corporation Jumped More Than 20% Friday Motley Fool - Oct 23, 2015 So what: In the second quarter, Qlogic's sales declined 19% year over year to land at $103.4 million, right in line with Wall Street's consensus target."
p1
aS'Cavium, Inc. Commences Exchange Offer to Acquire QLogic Corporation PR Newswire  - Jul 13, 2016 Upon satisfaction of the conditions to the Offer, and after the shares tendered in the Offer are accepted for payment, Cavium and QLogic intend, as promptly as practicable, to effect a merger pursuant to Section 251 of the Delaware General ...'
p2
aS'QLogic: Constant Comparison With Emulex Is An Opportunity Seeking Alpha - May 26, 2016 QLogic  is suffering from the constant comparison with Emulex, another Fiber Channel competitor that was acquired at a great price by Broadcom , but this constant comparison seems to be short-changing the fast improving&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'QLogic: Growing Market Share, Future Innovation Are Keys For Success Seeking Alpha  - Mar 16, 2015 My current recommendation is the company called QLogic Corporation . This company has been in the Ethernet industry for 20 years and has consistently created forward-looking innovations to meet the demands of the future.'
p4
aS"Why Shares of QLogic Corp. Surged Today Motley Fool - May 6, 2016 What: Shares of network infrastructure solutions provider QLogic Corp.  soared on Friday following the company's fiscal fourth-quarter report."
p5
aS'QLogic Corp  CEO Rampalli Resigns StreetInsider.com - Aug 21, 2015 QLogic Corp  announced that the board has appointed Christine King as executive chairman and Jean Hu as acting CEO.QLogic Announces Leadership Change - Business Wire QLogic Makes Leadership Changes - Orange County Business Journal'
p6
aS'Company Overview: Qlogic  Investopedia - Feb 9, 2016 The company sells its products primarily to original equipment manufacturers  for integration into engineered solutions for business IT systems and data centers.'
p7
aS'QLogic Corporation  Being Acquired For $1.36 Billion Market Exclusive - Jun 17, 2016 QLogic Corporation  has agreed to be acquired by fellow semiconductor company Cavium Inc . The transaction has an equity value of $1.36 billion if cash on the balance sheet of QLogic is included.QLogic Sold for $1B - Orange County Business Journal'
p8
aS'QLogic Said to Hire Qatalyst Group to Explore Potential Sale Bloomberg - Apr 8, 2016 QLogic Corp., the maker of adapters, switches and other technology for data centers and network infrastructure, hired Qatalyst Partners to explore strategic alternatives including a potential sale, people with knowledge of the matter said.'
p9
aS'Broadcom to sell assets to QLogic in $147 mln deal MarketWatch - Feb 18, 2014 Broadcom Corp. BRCM said Tuesday that it will sell certain assets and non-exclusive licenses to QLogic Corp. QLGC, +0.12% for $147 million in cash.QLogic grabs Broadcom Ethernet assets - Register'
p10
a.