(lp0
S"Rally Software Development Corp. Stock Soars on Acquisition by CA Technologies Motley Fool - May 28, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.Rally Software Development  Stock Surging on CA Technologies Purchase - TheStreet.comNew York firm to acquire Boulder's Rally Software for $480 million - The Denver Post"
p1
aS"Enterprise Specialist Rally Software Raises $84M In IPO As Shares Pop 28%, Now ... TechCrunch - Apr 12, 2013 Rally's products let businesses implement agile software development and lean practices to speed up the rate of innovation and increase agility in the software development process. As CEO Tim Miller explained it, if you're a developer, Rally is the ..."
p2
aS'CA Technologies Completes Acquisition of Rally Software Business Wire  - Jul 8, 2015 NEW YORK----CA Technologies  today announced it has completed the acquisition of Rally Software Development Corp. , a leading provider of Agile development software and services. The close of this&nbsp;...CA Technologies Completes $480M Rally Software Buyout - Zacks.com'
p3
aS'Rally Software Announces Unlimited Edition PR Newswire  - Jun 9, 2010 Rally, the Rally logo and Rally Software Development are trademarks of Rally Software Development Corp. Oscar is a registered trademark of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.'
p4
aS'CA Technologies to acquire Rally Software Development Newsday - May 28, 2015 Rally, which has about 500 employees worldwide, sells programs to help software makers speed up the development of their products. &quot;In order to compete, businesses need to develop high quality software quickly and reliably,&quot; CA chief executive Mike&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Rally Software leases additional 89K square feet for Boulder headquarters The Daily Camera - Jun 29, 2013 Boulder's Rally Software Development Corp. began the second quarter with an $84 million initial public offering and finished it with a larger base for its corporate operations."
p6
aS"Rally Software IPO to benefit nonprofits Denver Business Journal  - Sep 26, 2013 Rally Software's IPO took place nearly six months ago, but one of its biggest impacts will happen early next month. Rally Software Development Corp.'s April 12 debut on the New York Stock Exchange was the highest-profile achievement for a Colorado&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Rally Software Names Angela Tucci to Chief Revenue Officer PR Newswire  - Dec 4, 2014 Rally's SaaS platform transforms the way organizations manage the software development lifecycle by aligning software development and strategic business objectives, facilitating collaboration, and increasing transparency. Rally's consulting and ..."
p8
aS"Rally Software Quantifies the Impact of Agile Software Development Practices PR Newswire  - Aug 6, 2013 6, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Rally, a leading global provider of cloud-based solutions for managing Agile software development, today unveils initial findings from a study conducted with Carnegie Mellon's Software Engineering Institute  to analyze&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Rally Software's AgileZen iPad App Brings Real-Time Collaboration to Project ... PR Newswire  - Jan 25, 2013 Rally supports 154,000 paid users and more than 1,000 customers, including 36 of the Fortune 100 companies. Rally, the Rally logo, and Rally Software Development are trademarks of Rally Software Development Corp. Third-party trademarks are the&nbsp;..."
p10
a.