(lp0
S'Rackspace layoffs begin as it restructures as a private company San Antonio Business Journal - Feb 7, 2017 San Antonio-based cloud hosting company Rackspace Hosting Inc. is eliminating some job positions as it begins cutting the workforce to fit into its new mold as a private company, the business confirmed.Rackspace cutting 6% of US workforce - mySanAntonio.com'
p1
aS"Rackspace to sell customer support for Google's cloud offering San Antonio Business Journal - Mar 8, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc. got the green light to start selling managed cloud service support for enterprise customers of Google's cloud engine, the company announced today."
p2
aS"Rackspace promotes one executive to president as another retires San Antonio Business Journal - Jan 10, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc.'s executive suite is being shuffled slightly and dealt a fresh hand for the New Year - with promotions, retirement and a new president for the managed cloud provider, the company announced.Rackspace Elevates 8-Year Racker Jeff Cotten to President - Rivard ReportCompany Veteran Jeff Cotten Named President of Rackspace - Marketwired "
p3
aS'Rackspace Hosting Nears Sale to Private-Equity Firm Wall Street Journal - Aug 4, 2016 Rackspace Hosting Inc. is nearing a sale to a private-equity firm, two years after the cloud-computing company said it would explore a deal amid heightened competition in the fast-growing market.Why Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Jumped Sky-High Today - Motley FoolMedia reports: Rackspace negotiating $3.5B sale to private equity company - San Antonio Business Journal'
p4
aS"Meet the new board of directors for Rackspace, now a private company San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 4, 2016 There are new leaders at Rackspace Hosting Inc., a San Antonio-based managed cloud provider, after it was swept off the New York Stock Exchange and is now owned by private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC.It's official: Rackspace exiting New York Stock Exchange - San Antonio Express-News "
p5
aS"Rackspace to be bought by private equity for $4.3B Austin Business Journal - Aug 26, 2016 Rackspace Hosting Inc., a San Antonio-based cloud computing services company with major operations in Austin, has agreed to be acquired for $4.3 billion by funds affiliated with private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC, according to a Friday&nbsp;...Rackspace CEO: After private equity sale, we're keeping HQ in San Antonio - San Antonio Business JournalRackspace Hosting shares rise after Apollo Global buys it in $4.3 billion deal - CNBC"
p6
aS"Rackspace sale to private equity completed San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 3, 2016 In his blog post, Rhodes said that Apollo &quot;strongly supports our strategy to grow Rackspace and expand the early leadership we've achieved in the fast-growing managed cloud industry."
p7
aS"A look at Rackspace's last earnings results before sale to private equity San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 9, 2016 Rackspace Hosting Inc., the largest technology company based in San Antonio, is now privately held but the company's third quarter earnings offers a final glimpse at its balance sheet."
p8
aS'Notice of Dismissal Without Prejudice of Luger v. Rackspace Hosting, Inc ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 SAN ANTONIO, Feb. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- If you held shares of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. between August 26, 2016 and November 3, 2016, this Notice contains important information regarding the dismissal of a putative class action concerning the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Austin Startup Raises $15M from Andressen Horowitz, Rackspace Founder and More Austin Inno - 13 hours ago Austin-based Callinize Inc., doing business as Tenfold, raked in the new cash among 10 investors led by Andreessen Horowitz as well as participation from Geekdom Fund LP and Rackspace Hosting Inc.co-founder Pat Condon. Tenfold's software integrates&nbsp;..."
p10
a.