(lp0
S'Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Launches GoBe Booking Company For Private Tours CruiseCritic.co.uk - Mar 22, 2017  -- In an effort to capture travelers who prefer to book activities on their own, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. has launched GoBe, an online platform that lists private shore excursions and tours. GoBe had its official launch Wednesday ...Royal Caribbean: Strong Buy - Seeking AlphaRoyal Caribbean and new customer Silversea ensure a busy 2017 Southampton ... - Seatrade Cruise News'
p1
aS"Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Inks Deal to Build Cruise Terminal in the Philippines Travel Agent - Mar 27, 2017 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  has inked an agreement with The Philippines' Department of Tourism  and the Province of Aklan for a new cruise terminal.Traders Secrets on Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , California Resources ... - StockNewsJournalAnalysts Near-Term outlook: Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , Level 3 ... - The USA Commerce"
p2
aS"Royal Caribbean parent company launching new site to help guests book land tours Royal Caribbean Blog  - Mar 24, 2017 Royal Caribbean International's parent company has launched a new site dedicated to offering private excursions and tours. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. launched GoBe this week and is the first non-cruise venture for the company. GoBe will allow ...Royal Caribbean Parent Company Launches New Land Tours Site - Travel AgentEarnings According to Analysts for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. ? - Aiken Advocate"
p3
aS'Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd. and Port Everglades Sign MOU Cruise Critic - Mar 14, 2017  -- Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd., and Port Everglades in Fort Lauderdale have signed a Memorandum of Understanding  for a long-term contract that will include terminal renovations.'
p4
aS"Port Everglades and Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. sign MOU Cruise and Ferry - Mar 15, 2017 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. has signed a memorandum of understanding  for a new long-term homeporting agreement with Florida's Port Everglades, which includes the renovation of Cruise Terminal 25.Royal Caribbean steps up the high-tech battle on the high seas - TechRepublicRoyal Caribbean enters into joint venture to upgrade Malaysian cruise port - Royal Caribbean Blog "
p5
aS'Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 03, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 03, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.48 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 05, 2017.'
p6
aS"Royal Caribbean Named Most Ethical Company by the Ethisphere Institute for the ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 MIAMI, March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  has been recognized by the Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices, as a 2017 World's Most Ethical&nbsp;...Royal Caribbean named one of World's Most Ethical Companies for second year in ... - Royal Caribbean Blog "
p7
aS"Royal Caribbean cuts South Korean sites from China cruises Reuters - Mar 9, 2017 BEIJING/SHANGHAI Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd  will remove visits to South Korean ports from its China cruises, the firm said in a statement, amid rising tension between the two countries over Seoul's deployment of a U.S.Royal Caribbean breaks ground on new cruise terminal at PortMiami - Royal Caribbean Blog Royal Caribbean reportedly drops Korea from China cruises - Seatrade Cruise News"
p8
aS'Active Trading Watch on Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago At the time of writing, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of 189.52. Originally developed by Donald Lambert, the CCI was created to identify long-term changes in trends, but it has been used by traders for&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Sales Growth Analysis: Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , Unum Group  USA Commerce Daily - Mar 27, 2017 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 54.43% since bottoming out at $64.95 on Jun. 28, 2016.'
p10
a.