(lp0
S"Should You Retain Regency Centers  in Your Portfolio? Yahoo Finance - 18 hours ago Backed by higher-than-expected growth in revenue, Regency Centers' fourth-quarter 2016 core FFO per share of 86 cents came ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 84 cents.Regency Centers Corp  Coverage Initiated at Barclays PLC - Chaffey BreezeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Regency Centers Corporation  - Fiscal Standard"
p1
aS'Regency Centers and Equity One Announce Closing of Merger Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Regency Centers Corporation   and Equity One, Inc.   today announced the completion of their previously announced merger, whereby Equity One merged with and into Regency, with Regency continuing as the surviving&nbsp;...Regency Centers closes on Equity One acquisition, will join S&amp;P 500 - Jacksonville Business JournalAnalyst Activity  Barclays PLC Initiates Coverage On Regency Centers Corp ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'Regency Centers Becomes Oversold Nasdaq - Mar 8, 2017 But making Regency Centers Corp an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Wednesday, shares of REG entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $64.16 per share.Regency Centers Invites You to Join Its First Quarter Conference Call - Business Wire Lookout for Price Target? Regency Centers Corporation , The Medicines ... - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'Regency Centers Announces The Field at Commonwealth, a New Development in the ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Regency Centers Corporation  , a national owner, operator, and developer of grocery-anchored shopping centers, has announced a new ground-up development in Chantilly, Virginia.Construction of Chantilly Wegmans underway - WTOPWegmans To Open New Store in Chantilly: Report - Patch.com'
p4
aS'Regency Centers  Gets Nod for Equity One Merger Deal Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Retail REIT, Regency Centers Corporation REG has got the nod from shareholders for its proposed merger with Equity One, Inc. EQY, with the former remaining as the surviving public company of the merger.Regency Centers closing merger with Equity One this week - Jacksonville Daily RecordRegency Centers Stockholders OK Merger with Equity One - Commercial Property Executive'
p5
aS"What's Fueling Investor Confidence?  Regency Centers Corporation (REG ... USA Commerce Daily - 22 hours ago Shares of Regency Centers Corporation  observed rebound of 7.35% since bottoming out at $61.9 on Mar. 10, 2017. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -0.48% in the past five days, the stock price is now&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Gazit Globe Completes Sale of 2.8 Million Shares of Regency Centers ... Nasdaq - Mar 3, 2017 TEL-AVIV, Israel, March 03, 2017  -- Gazit-Globe   , a leading global real estate company focused on the ownership, development and management of supermarket-anchored shopping centers in major&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Earnings Clues on Regency Centers Corporation , Advance Auto Parts, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 21, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Regency Centers Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.90 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;...Analysts Near-Term outlook: DR Horton, Inc. , Regency Centers Corporation ... - The USA CommerceRegency Centers Corp  Stake Reduced by AQR Capital Management LLC - Chaffey Breeze"
p8
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Regency Centers Corporation  The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Regency Centers Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS"Regency Centers Series 7 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Ex-Dividend ... Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 On 3/13/17, Regency Centers Corp's 6.000% Series 7 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock  will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.375, payable on 3/31/17."
p10
a.