(lp0
S'C-III Capital Partners to Acquire Resource America  in ~$207M Deal StreetInsider.com - May 23, 2016 Resource America, Inc.  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by C-III Capital Partners LLC , a commercial real estate services company engaged in a broad range of activities, including ...Texas firm to buy Resource America for $207M - Philly.comC-III Capital Adding Another Piece with Acquisition of Resource America - CoStar Group'
p1
aS'Resource America, Inc. Makes Strategic Investment in Pearlmark Real Estate Marketwired  - Dec 24, 2014 PHILADELPHIA, PA-- - Resource America, Inc.   announces it has expanded its real estate asset management operations by entering into an arrangement with Pearlmark Real Estate Partners,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Resource America, Inc. Appoints Richard Reiss, Jr. to Board CNNMoney - Jan 28, 2016 Resource America, Inc.   announced today that its Board of Directors has appointed Richard Reiss, Jr.'
p3
aS"Resource America  to Evaluate Strategic Alternatives StreetInsider.com - Jan 29, 2016 Resource America, Inc.  announced that it will evaluate the Company's current strategic position and seek to identify and evaluate strategic and financial alternatives for the Company to enhance shareholder value and capitalize on the&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Resource America, Inc. Authorizes Payment of Quarterly Cash Dividend Marketwired  - Mar 12, 2015 PHILADELPHIA, PA-- - Resource America, Inc.   announces that its Board of Directors has authorized the payment of a cash dividend on April 30, 2015 in the amount of $0.06 per share of the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'C-III Capital Partners Acquires Resource America Commercial Property Executive - Sep 12, 2016 DallasLeading CRE investment manager C-III Capital Partners LLC has completed its acquisition of Resource America Inc., both companies announced late last week.'
p6
aS'Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund and Resource Credit Income Fund ... Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 PHILADELPHIA----Over the next several weeks, two interval funds sponsored by subsidiaries of Resource America, Inc.  will celebrate key milestones, reaching their fourth and second anniversaries, respectively. As the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Resource Real Estate Combines and Expands Sales Force Business Wire  - Apr 8, 2016 Resource Securities is a broker-dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of FINRA and SPIC. Resource Securities is an affiliate of Resource Real Estate, Inc. and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Resource America, Inc.'
p8
aS"Resource Capital  Reports Q3 FFO of $0.42; Non-CRE Businesses Being ... StreetInsider.com - Nov 14, 2016 On September 8, 2016, Resource America, Inc., the parent company of Resource Capital Corp.'s  external manager, was acquired by C-III Capital Partners LLC , a leading commercial real estate investment management and&nbsp;...Resource Capital's  CEO Robert Lieber on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'Resource Capital Corporation: Resource Capital Corp. to Report 2016 Fourth ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 2, 2017 ... subsidiary of C-III Capital Partners LLC , a leading commercial real estate investment management and services company engaged in a broad range of activities.'
p10
a.