(lp0
S'Resolute Forest Products Arm Unveils Green Heritage Line Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago Business arm of Resolute Forest Products Inc. RFP, Atlas Tissue, recently rolled out the Green Heritage branded recycled tissue products for consumers of the at-home market.Resolute Forest Products Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal StandardAtlas Tissue Launches New Green Heritage Tissue Line - WorldPressOnline '
p1
aS"$7 million Resolute Forest Products lawsuit against Greenpeace must continue ... Financial Post - Mar 10, 2017 Resolute, one of the world's largest forestry multinationals, sued Greenpeace Canada and two staff members in 2013 over the group's campaign against the company's boreal logging in northern Ontario and Quebec. Essentially, Resolute alleges Greenpeace&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Moody's downgrades Resolute's bond rating to B1; raises liquidity to SGL-1 Moodys.com   - Sep 8, 2016 Toronto, September 08, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service,  downgraded Resolute Forest Product Inc's  senior unsecured notes due 2023 to B1 from Ba3 and raised the speculative-grade liquidity rating to SGL-1 (very good liquidity ..."
p3
aS"Greenpeace admits its attacks on forest products giant were 'non-verifiable ... Financial Post - Mar 2, 2017 Peter J. Thompson/National PostRichard Garneau, chief executive of Resolute Forest Products Inc., shows off his wooden bowtie, made in Quebec's forestry heartland of Lac St. Jean.Resolute Forest Can't Escape Suit Over Retiree Health Benefits - Bloomberg BNAResolute Forest Products Inc  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS"Peter Foster: Resolute Forest Products uses mafia laws to go after the eco 'mob' Financial Post - Jun 1, 2016 Thus the lawsuit brought three years ago by Montreal-based Resolute Forest Products against Greenpeace for defamation, malicious falsehood and intentional interference with economic relations represented a rare display of business backbone ...Resolute Forest Products sues Greenpeace - ReutersResolute Forest files lawsuit against Greenpeace, alleges group is a 'global ... - The Globe and Mail "
p5
aS"Moody's lowers Resolute's liquidity rating to SGL-2; affirms Ba3 ratings Moodys.com   - Jan 19, 2016 Toronto, January 18, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service lowered Resolute Forest Product Inc's  speculative-grade liquidity rating to SGL-2  from SGL-1 ."
p6
aS'Resolute Forest Products seeks over $70 million in damages for NS mill Financial Post - Dec 31, 2015 The company said it is seeking damages for direct losses of some $70 million, as well as unspecified consequential damages and additional costs and relief deemed just and appropriate by an arbitral tribunal.Resolute Forest Products Files NAFTA Notice of Arbitration - Canada NewsWire Resolute Forest Products sues for $70M over Port Hawkesbury aid - CBC.ca'
p7
aS"Court dismisses 'vexatious' allegations by Resolute Forest Products against ... Financial Post - Sep 2, 2016 Forestry giant Resolute Forest Products Inc. has hit a setback in its high profile, ongoing defamation suit against Greenpeace and two of its activists."
p8
aS'Resolute Forest Products releases third quarter financial results Biomass Magazine - Oct 29, 2015 On Oct. 29, Resolute Forest Products Inc. released its third quarter financial results, reporting that building on the integration of the two sawmills this year, the company is focused on completing the Calhoun continuous pulp digester project.'
p9
aS"Resolute Forest Products Inc.'s  CEO Richard Garneau on Q4 2017 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Resolute Forest Products Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Earnings Conference Call.Resolute Reports Preliminary Fourth Quarter and 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p10
a.