(lp0
S"Robert Half International: Watch List Material Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Using Warren Buffett's value investing guidelines as a filter, I have found Robert Half International  to be a slightly overvalued high-quality company. I have added it to my watch list and will wait for a price pullback before establishing a ...Robert Half International Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - Chaffey BreezeAnalyst Advice And Earnings Insight: Robert Half International Inc. (RHI ... - Post Analyst"
p1
aS'Robert Half  Likely to Bounce Back: Should You Hold? Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 Robert Half International Inc. RHI has been grappling with numerous headwinds of late. A decline in U.S. staffing revenues and a tightening job market continues to put pressure on the skilled-labor supply.'
p2
aS"Institutional Portfolio Favorite in Spotlight: Robert Half International Inc ... Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Robert Half International Inc. 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late.Revenue Approximations Analysis: Gannett Co., Inc. , Robert Half ... - StockNewsJournalRobert Half International Inc. Active Mover: 6.03 Billion - StandardOracle"
p3
aS'For Robert Half, The Best Is Yet To Come Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 Robert Half International Inc.  is a California-based risk consultancy and human resource firm, with more than 400 offices in North America, South America, Asia, Australia and Europe.'
p4
aS'Analyst Issued Price Target in Spotlight for Robert Half International Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 8 hours ago Wall Street sell-side analysts have given shares of Robert Half International Inc.  a near-term target price of $48.272.'
p5
aS'Stock Levels in View for Robert Half International Inc.  Rives Journal - 14 hours ago Robert Half International Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 1.215248. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p6
aS'Robert Half International Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Robert Half International Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 22, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.24 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.Robert Half International Inc.  To Go Ex-Dividend on February 22nd - BBNS'
p7
aS"Robert Half International Earnings, Recruitment Conditions Remain Tough Motley Fool - Jan 27, 2017 With most commentators talking of a pickup in growth in 2017 and post-election euphoria encouraging the belief that a Donald Trump presidency will spur economic growth, it would be reasonable to think that staffing company Robert Half International Inc.Robert Half International's  CEO Harold Messmer on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking AlphaRobert Half  Misses Q4 Earnings &amp; Revenue Estimates - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS'Taking a Fresh Look at Robert Half International Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 3, 2017 Robert Half International Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Staffing &amp; Outsourcing Services.The Robert Half International Inc.  Shares Bought by Federated Investors ... - DailyQuintShort Term Stock Rating on Robert Half International Inc.  - Energy Index'
p9
aS"3rd Circ. Firm On Robert Half Workers' Class Arbitration Law360  - Mar 7, 2017 Law360, New York  -- The Third Circuit said Monday it would not reconsider its recent decision affirming the dismissal of a proposed collective action by former Robert Half International Inc. workers, leaving intact its ..."
p10
a.