(lp0
S"Republic Airways Files for Bankruptcy After Pilot Shortage Bloomberg - Feb 25, 2016 Indianapolis-based Republic operates a fleet of smaller planes that provide flights for larger airlines including American Airlines Group Inc., Delta Air Lines Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc. Although it landed a three-year union contract ...Why Republic Airways filed for bankruptcy even though it's profitable - Indianapolis StarRepublic Airways Files for Bankruptcy - Wall Street Journal"
p1
aS"After a Crazy Week, What's Next for Republic Airways Holdings, Inc.? Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2015 On July 24, Republic Airways  reported dreadful preliminary results for Q2, pulled its 2015 guidance, and warned investors about an ongoing pilot shortage and labor dispute with its pilots.Republic Airways planning training center south of airport - Indianapolis Business Journal"
p2
aS'Republic Airways Holdings Inc. Remains Full of Risk Motley Fool - Nov 11, 2015 A few weeks ago, Republic Airways  finally resolved a contract dispute with its pilots that had dragged on for a staggering eight years.'
p3
aS'Republic Airways Chapter 11: An Opportunity To Double Your Investment In 6 To ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2016 The stock is trading at roughly $2 a share with a liquidation value of at least $11.50 a share of which $2.60 a share is in cash. The renegotiated Delta contract will pay Republic hundreds of millions of dollars in increased revenue. The settlement ...'
p4
aS'Why Republic Airways Holdings Inc. Shares Fell 26% in November Motley Fool - Dec 7, 2015 What: Shares of No. 2 regional airline operator Republic Airways  plummeted 26% in November, according to S&amp;P Capital IQ data.'
p5
aS'Why Republic Airways Holdings Inc. Stock Flew 10% Higher Motley Fool - Sep 18, 2014 Shares of regional airline operator Republic Airways Holdings  soared 10% on Wednesday. The major news driving the stock gain was an announcement that the company had won a contract to fly 50 new Embraer E-175 regional jets&nbsp;...Embraer pushes deeper into Bombardier territory with Republic Airways deal - The Globe and MailRepublic Airways to Buy 50 Embraer Jets - Wall Street Journal'
p6
aS"Republic Airways Shareholders Push For Seat at the Table Wall Street Journal - Apr 6, 2016 A battle is brewing between Republic Airways Holdings Inc. and its shareholders, who want more time to review crucial bankruptcy milestones which would likely wipe out their holdings following the airliner's exit from chapter 11 protection.Republic Says Unsecured Creditors to See Less Than 50% Recovery - Bloomberg"
p7
aS'Republic Airways Set To Soar On Valuation Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2016 Republic Airways Holdings Inc.  is a Regional Airlines company with revenue of $1.36B and a market cap of $108.41M. The stock qualifies as a Small Cap investment, due to the market cap being between $300 million and $2 billion.'
p8
aS"Here's All You Need To Know About Republic Airways Holdings Inc  Insider Financial - Nov 18, 2016 The company is Republic Airways Holdings Inc.. Before we get started, it's worth mentioning that this is in no way content suggesting that Republic Airways is heading for trouble, or up, or otherwise."
p9
aS"Is Republic Airways A Buy With The Pilot Contract Approved? Seeking Alpha - Oct 29, 2015 You probably have never seen a Republic Airways  aircraft like the one pictured above flying around. Chances are high however that you have traveled on one of their aircraft.Republic Airways Holdings pilots approve new contract - Indianapolis StarRepublic Airways' Pilots Approve Labor Contract - Wall Street Journal"
p10
a.