(lp0
S'Raymond James moves into benchmark stock index Tampa Bay Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 Raymond James , a St. Petersburg-based financial services firm, becomes just the second company headquartered in Tampa Bay to be on the S&amp;P 500.Raymond James Wins Biggest Deal on $15 Billion Mobileye Sale - BloombergRaymond James Financial, Inc. , Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX ... - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS'Agree To Purchase Raymond James Financial At $67.50, Earn 6.6% Annualized ... Nasdaq - Mar 24, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Raymond James Financial, Inc.  stock, but cautious about paying the going market price of $75.37/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.The Franklin Resources Inc. Increases Stake in Raymond James Financial, Inc.  - Petro Global News 245889 Shares in Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Acquired by GSA Capital ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS"Zacks.com featured highlights: Foot Locker, Teradyne, Raymond James Financial ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 Chicago, IL - March 27, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article includeFoot Locker, Inc. , Teradyne, Inc. , Raymond James Financial, Inc. , CSX Corporation (NASDAQ: CSX - Free&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform on ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 In addition, the Company is also a multiline distributor of mobile construction equipment in the New England region of the United States through its subsidiary, Chadwick-BaRoss, Inc. The Company offers a range of services, which include in-field ...Latest Stocks: The Alaris Royalty Corp.  Rating Reiterated by Raymond ... - Petro Global News 24Strongco Corp  Receives Market Perform Rating from Raymond James ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Raymond James Financial Inc.: Raymond James Financial reports February 2017 ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 22, 2017 Raymond James Financial, Inc.  is a leading diversified financial services company providing private client group, capital markets, asset management, banking and other services to individuals, corporations and municipalities.Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market ExclusiveLet's Get Complex With Raymond James Financial, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p5
aS" Given a C$1.75 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Chaffey Breeze - Mar 28, 2017  Receives $22.33 Consensus PT from Analysts &middot; Brokerages Set Seattle Genetics, Inc.  PT at $60.46 &middot;  Given a C$1.75 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Chubb Ltd  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from Analysts&nbsp;...Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF ... - StockNewsJournalSignificant Movements: Raymond James Financial, Inc.'s  - Is stories"
p6
aS"3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Nvidia Corporation , Raymond James ... Investorplace.com - Mar 20, 2017 Stocks are starting the week on a stumble. The reason? Comments various Federal Open Market Committee policymakers are suggesting that whither inflation is not as present as was thought, or that a little inflation is alright with the FOMC's projections.Taking a Look at the Data Behind Raymond James Financial, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalRaymond James : Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions - Nasdaq"
p7
aS'Analyst Downgrades  KVH Industries  Stock Gets Downgraded By ... Market Exclusive - 13 hours ago Today, KVH Industries  stock was downgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. from Strong-Buy to Outperform with a price target of $9.00.KVH Industries, Inc.  Downgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. to ... - Chaffey BreezeRaymond James Financial, Inc. downgraded KVH Industries, Inc.  to ... - Breaking Finance News'
p8
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Outperform rating on Pengrowth Energy Corp  with a price target of C$1.75.Pengrowth Energy Corp  Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. - Chaffey BreezePengrowth Energy Corp - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p9
aS"Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Ensign ... Chaffey Breeze - 1 hour ago Ensign Energy Services logo Ensign Energy Services Inc 's stock had its market perform rating restated by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. They currently have a C$9.45&nbsp;..."
p10
a.