(lp0
S'Red Lion Hotels Corp.  Add Bonny Simi and Joseph Megibow to the Board StreetInsider.com - Mar 22, 2017 Red Lion Hotels Corporation , a growing hospitality company that operates and franchises upscale, midscale and economy hotels, announced the appointment of two new directors to its board, Ms. Bonny Simi and Mr. Joseph Megibow, effective&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Red Lion Hotels Corporation Enters Into Definitive Agreement to Acquire ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 13, 2016 SPOKANE, Wash. and CORAL SPRINGS, Fla., Sept. 13, 2016  -- Red Lion Hotels Corporation  , a growing hospitality company that operates and franchises upscale, midscale and economy hotels,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Red Lion to Buy Vantage Hospitality for $27 Million Skift - Sep 14, 2016 based Red Lion Hotels Corporation  is buying Vantage Hospitality Group, a Coral Springs, Fla.-based franchisor of upscale, midscale, and economy hotels, in a deal valued at a total of $27.8 million, with $23 million in cash, and approximately $4 ...Red Lion acquiring hotel franchisor Vantage Hospitality - Travel Weekly'
p3
aS"Red Lion Hotels' Contrarian Approach to Direct Bookings Skift - Jun 10, 2016 But there's at least one hotel company out there that has a different approach to the direct booking wars. Instead of choosing to wage a war on the OTAs with a direct bookings push, Spokane, Washington-based Red Lion Hotels Corporation, which has 124&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Red Lion Hotels Corporation: Is This Budget Hotelier A Bargain? Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Red Lion Hotels Corporation  was established in 1959, and with a market cap of $180m, it represents one of the smaller lodgings chains, which creates a unique opportunity.To Buy Or Sell Red Lion Hotels Corporation  On Latest Analyst Consensus - Fiscal Standard'
p5
aS'Expedia, Red Lion Hotels Corp. become partners Travel Weekly - Aug 24, 2016 &quot;It can be difficult for brands to generate any real, meaningful demand or [return on investment] through loyalty programs without spending substantial amounts of marketing dollars on a long-term basis,&quot; Bill Linehan, Red Lion Hotels Corporation CMO ...Expedia and Red Lion Hotels Hit Reset on Loyalty and Direct Booking - Skift'
p6
aS'Red Lion Hotels Corporation  Begins FreshTerm With New Board Members Traders350 - Mar 23, 2017 Following reports, Red Lion Hotels Corporation , which is becoming more prominent in the hospitality industry, recently announced the appointment of two directors: Ms. Bonny Simi and Mr. Joseph Megibow.'
p7
aS'Share Watch: Examining the Levels for Red Lion Hotels Corporation  The Standard - 13 hours ago Tracking shares of Red Lion Hotels Corporation , the company has a current EV  of 301364. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Red Lion Hotels Corporation  - Fiscal StandardAnalysts Expect Red Lion Hotels Co.  to Announce  Earnings Per Share - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'Red Lions Hotel Corp.  Files to Extend Form 10-K Deadline 15 Days StreetInsider.com - Mar 15, 2017 Red Lion Hotels Corporation  today announced that it has filed Form 12b-25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to extend the due date of its 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K for fifteen days, as permitted by Rule 12b-25&nbsp;...Zacks Investment Research upgraded Red Lion Hotels Corporation  to ... - Breaking Finance NewsRed Lion Hotels Co. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p9
aS'Red Lion Hotels Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock GlobeNewswire  - Dec 15, 2016 SPOKANE, Wash., Dec. 15, 2016  -- Red Lion Hotels Corporation  , a growing hospitality company that operates and franchises upscale, midscale and economy hotels, today announced the pricing&nbsp;...Red Lion Hotels announces stock offering - The Spokesman-Review'
p10
a.