(lp0
S"Did Rockwell Automation Really Just Have a Lucky Quarter? Madison.com - 14 hours ago Rockwell Automation's  recent first-quarter earnings report had more than its fair share of bullish signals to encourage investors in the stock.Stock within Traders Limelight: Rockwell Automation Inc.'s  - Is storiesNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Rockwell Automation, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p1
aS"Rockwell Automation: upskilling for the future Manufacturer.com - Dec 8, 2016 Patrick Murray, director, market development, Rockwell Automation Services &amp; Solutions, described to me how China - long considered to be the world's factory floor - will soon have to contend with a serious and wide-reaching labour shortage."
p2
aS'Rockwell Automation: get yourself connected Manufacturer.com - Feb 8, 2017 These customer conversations - or consultations - represent a shift in methodology at Rockwell Automation as the business looks to focus on delivering broader capabilities, rather than standalone products.'
p3
aS'Rockwell Automation  Reaches 52-Week High of $157.30 Nasdaq - Mar 16, 2017 Over the past one year, Rockwell Automation outperformed the Zacks categorized Industrial Automation and Robotics industry.Rockwell Automation to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Conference - Yahoo Finance'
p4
aS'Rockwell Automation Joins Catalyst CEO Champions for Change Initiative Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Rockwell Automation President and CEO Blake Moret, along with the heads of 40 other leading global companies, has committed to being a member of Catalyst CEO Champions for Change to do even more to drive change for gender equality in the&nbsp;...Rockwell to accelerate inclusion of women in top roles - BizTimes.com '
p5
aS'Rockwell Automation to show visitors to interpack 2017 the technologies that ... Process & Control Today - Mar 9, 2017 At interpack 2017 , visitors to the Rockwell Automation stand will see how The Connected Enterprise brings Smart Factories to life, to create a world of greater choice and unique consumer experience driven by packaging&nbsp;...Tonejet and Rockwell Automation at Interpack 2017 - Graphic Repro'
p6
aS'Rockwell Automation Offers New Servo Motor Line to Help Improve Productivity ... ARC Advisory Group  - Mar 27, 2017 Rockwell Automation introduced a new line of Allen Bradley Kinetix VPC servo motors, designed to allow manufacturers to run machines at higher speeds and higher torque, helping to improve machine throughput.'
p7
aS'Rockwell Automation to Present at JP Morgan Conference Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 MILWAUKEE----Rockwell Automation, Inc.  President and CEO Blake Moret will present at the J.P. Morgan Aviation, Transportation and Industrials Conference on Tuesday, March 14, 2017 in New York.Rockwell Automation  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by Brokerages - Sports PerspectivesAnalysts Set Rockwell Automation  PT at $136.91 - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS"Industrial Goods Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Rockwell Automation, CEMEX ... PR Newswire  - Mar 23, 2017 Pre-market today, Stock-Callers.com reviews these four Industrial Goods stocks: Rockwell Automation Inc. , CEMEX S.A."
p9
aS'Should Rockwell Automation  Stock Be In Your Portfolio? Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Rockwell Automation Inc. ROK has been performing well of late and clocked a return of 34.4% in 2016. Rockwell Automation, with market capitalization of $19.44 billion is an original equipment manufacturer  of industrial automation equipment,&nbsp;...Insider Trading Activity Rockwell Automation, Inc.   Insider Sold ... - Market ExclusiveKenneth M. Champa Sells 5300 Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc.  Stock - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.