(lp0
S"Did Ross Stores Inc  Create Value For Shareholders? Simply Wall St - 14 hours ago Over the past 12 months, Ross Stores Inc  generated an ROE of 42.8%, implying the company created 42.8 cents on every dollar of shareholders' invested capital.Ross Stores Inc. Posted losses of -1.18% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverInstitutions Attracted to This Stock; Holding Majority of Shares: Ross Stores ... - Midway Monitor"
p1
aS'Ross Stores Gives A Word Of Caution On Retail Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Ross Stores has given cautious guidance for first quarter as well as full fiscal year due to uncertain political, macro-economic, and retail climates.Ross Stores, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 08, 2017 - NasdaqRoss Stores Opens Outlets, Forges Ahead with Expansion Plan - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Ross Stores, Inc.  Makes Compelling Case Using Its Technical Chart Data NY Stock News - 17 hours ago Ross Stores, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p3
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Cancer Genetics, Inc. , Ross Stores, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Ross Stores, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 32.76, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p4
aS'Price Objective Update on Ross Stores, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 19 hours ago Wall Street sell-side analysts have given shares of Ross Stores, Inc.  a near-term target price of $68.933.'
p5
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Ross Stores, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 20 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Ross Stores, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Does These Stocks Deserve Your Investment Dollars?  Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST ... USA Commerce Daily - 18 hours ago Shares of Ross Stores, Inc.  are on a recovery track as they have regained 26.8% since bottoming out at $52 on May.'
p7
aS"Ross Stores' 'Unusual' Cert. Killer Faces Skeptical Judge Law360  - Mar 23, 2017 Plaintiff Jose Jacobo's suit alleges that Ross Stores Inc. deceptively advertises the prices of its products through misleading compare at tags that claim the price is substantively lower than what the consumer would pay for identical products at ..."
p8
aS'Citi Downgrades Ross Stores, Inc.  to Neutral StreetInsider.com - Mar 1, 2017 Citi downgraded Ross Stores, Inc.  from Buy to Neutral. Analyst Paul Lejuez comments &quot;We continue to believe ROST has a superior business model for the current retail landscape and expect off-pricers to take share in the coming years.Ross Stores offers cautious guidance - MarketWatch'
p9
aS"Post Earnings Coverage as Ross Stores' Quarterly Revenue Climbed 8%, EPS ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / March 16, 2017 / Active Wall St. announces its post-earnings coverage on Ross Stores, Inc."
p10
a.