(lp0
S"Brookfield Makes $657 Million Offer to Buy Rouse Properties Bloomberg - Jan 19, 2016 Brookfield Asset Management Inc., Canada's largest alternative asset manager, made an unsolicited offer to acquire U.S. shopping-mall owner Rouse Properties Inc. for about $657 million. Brookfield, which already owns about a third of Rouse, said it ..."
p1
aS'Rouse Properties, Inc.  CEO to Step Down StreetInsider.com - May 20, 2016 Rouse Properties, Inc.  today announced that, following the anticipated close of the previously announced transaction with an affiliate of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. , Andrew Silberfein will step down from the role of ...'
p2
aS"Brookfield Asset Management Offers All Cash for Rouse Properties Wall Street Journal - Jan 19, 2016 Canada's Brookfield Asset Management Inc. said Tuesday it made an all-cash unsolicited offer to buy the majority stake of Rouse Properties Inc. that it doesn't already own for about $657 million, taking advantage of the U.S. mall operator's depressed&nbsp;...Rouse Properties, Inc.  Confirms $17/Share Unsolicited Proposal from ... - StreetInsider.comRouse Properties Mulling $990M Brookfield Buyout - Law360 "
p3
aS'Brookfield Completes Acquisition of Rouse Properties, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Jul 6, 2016 Rouse Properties, Inc.   announced today the completion by BSREP II Retail Pooling LLC , an affiliate of Brookfield Asset Management, Inc. , of its acquisition of the Company pursuant to the previously ...Brookfield Completes $2.8 Billion Rouse Properties Acquisition - CoStar Group'
p4
aS'Rouse Properties Enters into Definitive Agreement to be Acquired by an ... Business Wire  - Feb 25, 2016 NEW YORK----Rouse Properties, Inc.   today announced that, upon the unanimous approval of the Special Committee of its Board of Directors, it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by an affiliate of&nbsp;...Weil Guides Brookfield In $2.8B Rouse Properties Buyout - Law360 '
p5
aS'Rouse Properties, Inc. Stockholders Approve Merger Business Wire  - Jun 23, 2016 NEW YORK----Rouse Properties, Inc.   today announced that, at a special meeting of stockholders held today, the Company stockholders approved the previously announced merger agreement with&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Investors Might Want To Be Careful With Rouse Properties Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2016 On February 25, 2016, Rouse and an affiliate of Brookfield Asset Management  announced a definitive agreement of Rouse to be acquired for $18.25 per share in cash. The closing price represents a premium of 35% over its closing stock price&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Rouse Properties Acquires Westfield Carlsbad in Carlsbad, California Business Wire  - Nov 12, 2015 NEW YORK----Rouse Properties, Inc.  today announced it has completed the acquisition of Westfield Carlsbad, a 1.1 million square foot super regional enclosed mall located in Carlsbad, California for a total purchase price of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Street Analyst Thoughts on Shares of Rouse Properties, Inc.  Melville Review - 18 hours ago Covering sell-side analysts currently have a consensus stock rating of N/A on shares of Rouse Properties, Inc. .'
p9
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Rouse ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 14, 2016 To: All Persons or Entities who purchased Rouse Properties, Inc.  stock prior to February 25, 2016. You are hereby notified that a class action has commenced in Delaware court concerning the fairness of the sale of Rouse Properties to an ...'
p10
a.