(lp0
S"Here's Why RTI International Metals, Inc. Stock Surged 45% Today Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2015 What: Titanium and specialty metals manufacturer RTI International Metals  stock surged as much as 45% in early trading on March 9, after it was announced that the company would be acquired by aluminum giant Alcoa Inc . Here's&nbsp;...Alcoa to Purchase RTI International Metals - Wall Street JournalRTI International Metals  Stock Soars Today After $1.5 Billion Alcoa Deal - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS'Alcoa to invest $8M in former RTI International Metals plant Pittsburgh Business Times - Jun 16, 2016 Alcoa Inc. will invest $8 million into a titanium plant that it acquired when it purchased Pittsburgh-based RTI International Metals Inc. in 2015. The $135 million plant, in Martinsville, Va., had about 25 employees when it opened for business Oct. 11 ...'
p2
aS'Alcoa Completes Acquisition of RTI International Metals, Growing Multi ... Business Wire  - Jul 23, 2015 NEW YORK----Lightweight metals leader Alcoa  today announced that it has completed the acquisition of RTI International Metals, Inc. , a global leader in titanium and specialty metal products and services for the&nbsp;...Alcoa completes RTI International Metals acquisition - Recycling TodayThe Alcoa-RTI Deal: 3 Things Shareholders Should Know - Motley Fool'
p3
aS'RTI International Metals to Acquire Remmele Engineering for $182.5 Million Business Wire  - Jan 10, 2012 PITTSBURGH----RTI International Metals, Inc.  , a global supplier of advanced titanium mill products and fabricated components, today announced that it has entered into a stock purchase agreement under which it will&nbsp;...Remmele Engineering sold to RTI International Metals - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal'
p4
aS'Nomura Reiterates On Alcoa, Views RTI International Metals Acquisition Positively Benzinga - Mar 10, 2015 Shares of Alcoa Inc  were down on Tuesday after it announced it will acquire RTI International Metals, Inc. . The former will acquire the latter, a producer and global supplier of advanced titanium mill products and a manufacturer ...WeissLaw LLP: Freescale Semiconductor, Ltd. Acquisition By NXP Semiconductors ... - PR Newswire '
p5
aS'RTI International Metals, Inc. Acquires Directed Manufacturing, a Leader in ... Business Wire  - Jan 22, 2014 PITTSBURGH----RTI International Metals, Inc.  announced today it has acquired Directed Manufacturing, Inc., a leader in Additive Manufacturing of metals and plastics for both commercial production and engineering&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Norsk Titanium Receives Investment From RTI International Metals, Inc. To ... Business Wire  - Jul 17, 2015 NEW YORK----Norsk Titanium AS , a Norway-based leader in manufacturing premium quality titanium components for industrial applications, announced today that RTI International Metals, Inc. , a global supplier of titanium&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Hickton named to board of California engineering company Pittsburgh Business Times - May 29, 2015 Hickton has been CEO of Moon-based RTI  since 2007 and led the titanium manufacturer's turnaround. RTI is being acquired by Alcoa Inc. . She was a member of the F.N.B. Corp.  board from 2006 to 2013 and has been a&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"3D Printing Titanium Market Gets Boost from RTI International Metals ... 3DPrint.com - Jul 18, 2015 While NTi has made its name with its DMD technology, Pittsburgh, PA's RTI International Metals, Inc. supplies the aerospace, energy, defense, and medical device industries with advanced titanium and specialty metal products and services."
p9
aS"RTI International Metals and Titanium Industries Announce the Closing of the ... Business Wire  - May 1, 2013 PITTSBURGH----RTI International Metals, Inc. , and Titanium Industries, Inc., today announced they have closed on the sale of RTI's wholly-owned subsidiary, Pierce-Spafford Metals Company, Inc. ,&nbsp;..."
p10
a.