(lp0
S"Riverbed Technology Agrees to Be Acquired for $3.6 Billion Bloomberg - Dec 15, 2014 Riverbed Technology Inc., under pressure all year from activist investor Elliott Management Corp., agreed to be acquired for about $3.6 billion by private-equity firm Thoma Bravo and Canadian pension group Teachers' Private Capital.Riverbed goes private in $3.6 billion deal - Network WorldRiverbed Agrees to be Bought Out by Thoma Bravo for $3.6 Billion - Wall Street Journal"
p1
aS'Riverbed Technology Inc. Whitewater 3.0 TechTarget - Feb 13, 2014 Riverbed Technology Whitewater physical devices can support data sets of up to 14.4 PB with the 2030 and 3030 physical device models, plus extra shelves.'
p2
aS'Q&amp;A: Jerry Kennelly, co-founder of Riverbed Technology East Bay Times - May 26, 2016 One of the problems with success as a company founder is that when your baby is grown up and its growth rates slow, activist investors may start agitating for a sale.'
p3
aS"Riverbed Technology Inc. turns Granite into SteelFusion TechTarget - Apr 16, 2014 The new name reflects the product's relationship to the vendor's flagship Steelhead WAN optimization platform, and SteelFusion's role in what Riverbed calls a &quot;branch converged infrastructure.&quot; Riverbed initially positioned Granite as a storage product ...Riverbed Evolves Granite into SteelFusion for Converged Data Acceleration - EnterpriseNetworkingPlanet"
p4
aS'Riverbed SteelCentral product overview TechTarget - Jul 26, 2016 Among the most highly respected products in the network performance monitoring  market is SteelCentral from Riverbed Technology Inc. The San Francisco-based company first made a name for itself in 2004, when it released its SteelHead WAN&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Riverbed Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Leading End User Experience ... Business Wire  - Jul 28, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO----Riverbed Technology, the application performance company, today announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Aternity, a leading provider of End User Experience  and application performance&nbsp;...Riverbed buys end-user experience monitoring company Aternity - Network WorldRiverbed Acquires Aternity to Extend Monitoring Portfolio - IT Business Edge '
p6
aS'Riverbed Technology, Inc.  Bond Prices Fall 1% Community Financial News - 5 hours ago Riverbed Technology logo An issue of Riverbed Technology, Inc.  debt fell 1% as a percentage of its face value during trading on Tuesday.'
p7
aS"We're hearing about a big layoff going on at newly private Riverbed Technologies Business Insider - Apr 24, 2015 It inked an agreement to sell itself to Thoma Bravo and the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan back in December thanks to activist investor Paul Elliott."
p8
aS'CORRECTING and REPLACING Riverbed Announces Acquisition of Leading SD-WAN ... Business Wire  - Jan 19, 2016 Riverbed Technology, the leader in application performance infrastructure, today announced the acquisition of Germany-based Ocedo, a leading provider of software-defined networking and SD-WAN  solutions.Riverbed acquires Ocedo, accelerates its SD-WAN timeline - Network World'
p9
aS'Teneo Partners with Riverbed to Deliver Managed SD-WAN Service for Cloud ... Business Wire  - Jan 31, 2017 THEALE, England &amp; SAN FRANCISCO----Teneo, the Specialist Integrator of Next-Generation Technology, is partnering with Riverbed, the application performance company, to deliver a managed SD-WAN service supported by Riverbed&nbsp;...'
p10
a.