(lp0
S'Revolution Lighting Technologies Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 ... Marketwired  - Mar 9, 2017 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  , a leading provider of advanced LED lighting solutions, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter  and ...Is Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  Financially Strong Enough To ... - Simply Wall StREVOLUTION LIGHTING TECHNOLOGIES,INC.  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing, and sale of LED lighting solutions focusing on the industrial, commercial and government markets in the United States, Canada, and internationally.'
p2
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Announces Philanthropic Partnership with ... Marketwired  - Mar 13, 2017 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies , a leader in advanced LED lighting technology solutions, today announced that it has recently secured a philanthropic partnership with Mercy Ships, a ...Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS'Revolution Lighting Technology is a roll-up in the LED lighting business with ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 17, 2016 Revolution Lighting Technologies  is an LED lighting company with a broad product portfolio that has been built through a series of acquisitions over the last 8 years.'
p4
aS'Trading Sheet: Watching the Levels for Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc ... The Standard - 14 hours ago Looking at shares of Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 200013.'
p5
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Is Growing Rapidly And Significantly ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 27, 2016 Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing, and sale of LED lighting solutions focusing on the industrial, commercial and government markets in the United States, Canada, and internationally.'
p6
aS"Stock Returns: Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for LSI Industries Inc  versus Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...EPS Projection Of Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  At $0.33 - RealistInvestor.comNotable movements of Stock: Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.'s  - Is stories"
p7
aS'Why Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc. Stock Surged 407% This Year, and ... Motley Fool - Dec 24, 2013 Revolution Lighting is still a tiny player, with a market cap of under $300 million, compared to the more than $4 billion market cap that the other two companies boast of.'
p8
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies to Acquire TNT Energy, LLC To Advance Its LED ... Marketwired  - May 2, 2016 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  , a leader in advanced LED lighting technology solutions, today announced that it has entered a purchase&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Awarded $2.25M for Recent LED Retrofit ... Marketwired  - Jun 14, 2016 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies , a leader in advanced LED lighting technology solutions, today announced that it has recently been awarded LED lighting contracts within public education ...'
p10
a.