(lp0
S"Retractable Technologies, Inc. Announces Litigation Updates Business Wire  - Mar 21, 2017 LITTLE ELM, Texas----Retractable Technologies, Inc.  announced today that the U.S. Supreme Court denied its petition for a writ of certiorari to review the December 2, 2016 Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals decision in its&nbsp;...Retractable Technologies,Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveWill Retractable Technologies Inc's  Balance Sheet Trouble It During A ... - Simply Wall St"
p1
aS'Watch The Post-Trial Dip For Retractable Technologies Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2016 Retractable Technologies is suing Becton, Dickinson and Co. for false competition. In this lawsuit there was a so-called oral argument.'
p2
aS"News Retractable Technologies Inc.RVP Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p3
aS'Retractable Technologies Inc. MarketWatch - Jul 21, 2009 Retractable Technologies Inc. NYSE MKT: RVP. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p4
aS'Retractable Technologies, Inc. Reports Results as of June 30, 2016 Business Wire  - Aug 16, 2016 Retractable manufactures and markets VanishPoint and Patient Safe safety medical products and the EasyPoint needle. The VanishPoint syringe, blood collection, and IV catheter products are designed to prevent needlestick injuries and product reuse&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Oral Argument Calendared for Retractable Technologies, Inc. Business Wire  - Jan 28, 2016 LITTLE ELM, Texas----Retractable Technologies, Inc.  reports that oral argument before the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit has been set on the Court's calendar for Monday, February 29, 2016 in New&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"District Court Issues Final Judgment - Retractable Technologies, Inc., et. al ... Business Wire  - Jan 21, 2015 LITTLE ELM, Texas----Retractable Technologies, Inc.   announced today that on January 15, 2015 Judge Leonard Davis of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas issued the Court's FINAL&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Retractable Technologies, Inc. Reports Results for the First Quarter of 2016 Business Wire  - May 17, 2016 In the second quarter of 2016, Retractable began selling a new product, the EasyPoint needle. The EasyPoint is a retractable needle that can be used with luer lock syringes, luer slip syringes, and prefill syringes to give injections. The EasyPoint ...'
p8
aS'Retractable Technologies - A Rewarding Cash Opportunity? Seeking Alpha - Oct 3, 2013 Retractable Technologies  manufactures and markets VanishPoint and Patient Safe safety medical products. The VanishPoint syringe, blood collection, and IV catheter products are designed to prevent needlestick injuries and product&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'RTI Surgical Inc versus Retractable Technologies Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 RTI Surgical Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Retractable Technologies Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p10
a.