(lp0
S"Manufacturer Rexnord plans to move 300 high-paying jobs to Mexico Indianapolis Star - Oct 14, 2016 Workers knew something was amiss when the security cameras were installed last weekend. When Rexnord Corp. began calling its 295 Indianapolis employees into meetings Friday, their worst suspicions were realized.More Indianapolis jobs moving to Monterrey, Mexico: Rexnord tells 350 ... - WRTV IndianapolisManufacturer 'tentatively' decides to move Indy operations to Mexico - Indianapolis Business Journal"
p1
aS'Rexnord Corp  Position Increased by State Street Corp The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Rexnord Corp logo State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Rexnord Corp  by 1.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Rexnord Corp  Receives $23.67 Consensus Price Target from Analysts - Sports PerspectivesLowest EPS Projection Of Rexnord Corporation  At $0.38 - Enterprise Leader'
p2
aS'Rexnord Corp. reports higher profit Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Nov 2, 2016 Despite weaker than expected sales, Rexnord Corp. on Wednesday reported a 9% increase in profit in its recent fiscal quarter.'
p3
aS"Layoffs to begin for Rexnord workers Indianapolis Star - Mar 27, 2017 The first Rexnord Corp. employees facing layoffs were notified Monday as the ball-bearings plant on Indianapolis' west side moves to a new plant in Monterrey, Mexico."
p4
aS"Why Rexnord Corp.'s Shares Plunged 18% Today Motley Fool - Nov 3, 2016 Shares of industrial supplier Rexnord Corp.  fell as much as 18.3% in trading Thursday after reporting fiscal second-quarter 2017 results.Rexnord  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'Eminence Capital Picked Up Rexnord Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Rexnord Corp  reported that Eminence Capital has picked up 7,052,916 of common stock as of 2017-03-09.Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Position in Rexnord Corp  - BNB Daily '
p6
aS'Senators, steelworkers rally in support of Rexnord workers Indianapolis Star - Feb 3, 2017 Approximately 150 people gathered in the Meridian Ballroom at the Downtown Sheraton hotel Thursday night to rally in support of workers of Rexnord Corp., an industrial manufacturer that in November announced plans to close its Indianapolis plant and&nbsp;...Rexnord petition asks governor to help save jobs - The Statehouse File'
p7
aS'Rexnord Still A Work In Process Seeking Alpha - Dec 15, 2016 Rexnord has seen multiple years of shrinking margins and ongoing pressure in its core Process and Motion Control segment due to industrial and resource market weakness.'
p8
aS"Jpmorgan Chase &amp; Co. Picked Up Rexnord Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 7, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Rexnord Corporation is a multi-platform industrial company. The Company operates through two segments: Process &amp; Motion Control platform, and Water Management platform.Analyst's Predictions on Rexnord Corporation , Dana Incorporated  - StockNewsJournalRexnord Corporation  added to 32 new portfolios - Post Analyst"
p9
aS"Rexnord finalizes plans to close Indianapolis plant, despite Trump's 'no more ... Milwaukee Business Journal - Dec 16, 2016 Rexnord Corp. is finalizing its plans to close a manufacturing plant in Indianapolis and move jobs to Mexico, according to a notice filed with the state of Indiana.Rexnord signs severance deal with Indy workers - Milwaukee Journal SentinelIndiana Firm Rexnord Signals Move to Mexico Despite Trump Criticism - Wall Street Journal"
p10
a.