(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Investar Holding Corporation  versus Sussex ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Investar Holding Corporation  versus Sussex Bancorp  .'
p1
aS"Community Banker of the Year: Sussex Bancorp's Anthony Labozzetta American Banker - Dec 1, 2016 As president and chief executive of Sussex Bancorp in Franklin, N.J., he is just as willing to try a new strategy as to reinvent past ones."
p2
aS"With An ROE Of 9.7%, Has Sussex Bancorp's  Management Done A Good Job? Simply Wall St - Mar 27, 2017 Over the past 12 months, Sussex Bancorp  generated an ROE of 9.7%, implying the company created 9.7 cents on every dollar of shareholders' invested capital.12.79% to Target, Barclays Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Imperial Brands ... - Herald KS"
p3
aS'Sergio Musacchio Appointed to Executive Vice President/Chief Lending Officer ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 18, 2016 Sussex Bancorp  is the holding company for Sussex Bank, which operates through its regional offices and corporate centers in Rockaway, Oradell and Wantage, New Jersey and through its eleven branch offices located in Andover, Augusta,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Earnings According to Analysts for Sussex Bancorp ? Aiken Advocate - Mar 24, 2017 Investors and analysts will be closely watching when the company next reports earnings numbers. Earnings results can offer insight into the overall profitability of a specific company.'
p5
aS'Form 8-K/A SUSSEX BANCORP For: Feb 04 StreetInsider.com - Feb 5, 2015 The purpose of this Current Report on Form 8-K/A is to amend the Current Report on Form 8-K of Sussex Bancorp, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 4, 2015 , to correct inadvertent errors that were ...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Sussex Bancorp  is Beating Northrim BanCorp Inc ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Northrim BanCorp Inc  versus Sussex Bancorp  .'
p7
aS'Fusco promoted to Senior Executive VP at Sussex Bancorp and Sussex Bank NorthJersey.com - Apr 18, 2014 Sussex Bancorp , the holding company for Sussex Bank announced the promotion of Steven M. Fusco to the position of Senior Executive Vice President of the company and the bank.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Sussex Bancorp  is Beating Summit State Bank ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sussex Bancorp  versus Summit State Bank  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Sussex Bancorp  is Beating Landmark Bancorp Inc ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Landmark Bancorp Inc  versus Sussex Bancorp  .'
p10
a.