(lp0
S'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida to Present at Raymond James 38th ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 STUART, Fla., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida , the parent company of Seacoast National Bank , today announced that its management team will present at the&nbsp;...Annual Sales Estimates Of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (NASDAQ:SBCF ... - Equities FocusSeacoast Banking Corporation Of Florida  Broker Price Targets For ... - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS"Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida's  CEO Dennis Hudson On Q4 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 With me today is Chuck Shaffer, who will discuss our financial and operating results, also joining us in the room is Steve Fowle, our Chief Financial Officer; Chuck Cross, our commercial banking executive; David Houdeshell, our Chief Credit Officer ..."
p2
aS"Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida to Acquire Floridian Financial Group, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 3, 2015 STUART, Fla., Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  , the holding company for Seacoast National Bank , announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire&nbsp;...Seacoast to acquire Lake Mary's Floridian Financial Group - Orlando Business JournalSeacoast to acquire Lake Mary-based bank for $76.5M - Orlando Sentinel"
p3
aS'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida Completes Acquisition of Floridian ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2016 STUART, Fla., March 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  , the holding company for Seacoast National Bank, today announced the completion of its acquisition of Floridian Financial Group, Inc.'
p4
aS"BRIEF-SEACOAST BANKING CORP OF FLORIDA FILES FOR PRICING OF COMMON STOCK ... Reuters UK - Feb 15, 2017 NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C., Feb 15 Boeing Co handily defeated a union drive by workers at the company's aircraft factory in South Carolina on Wednesday, as almost three-quarters of workers at the plant who voted rejected union representation."
p5
aS"Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida To Acquire BMO Harris' Orlando Banking ... PR Newswire  - Oct 15, 2015 STUART, Fla., Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  , the holding company for Seacoast National Bank , announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire&nbsp;...Seacoast expands Orlando footprint with BMO Harris buy - Orlando Business Journal"
p6
aS'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  Names Al Monserrat To Board Of ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 6, 2017 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  announced that it has appointed Al Monserrat, CEO of RES Software, a leading digital workspace technology company, to the board of directors of its bank subsidiary, Seacoast National Bank,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  Commences Common Stock Offering StreetInsider.com - Feb 14, 2017 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida , the parent company of Seacoast National Bank , today announced that it has commenced an underwritten public offering of its common stock.Seacoast Announces Pricing of Common Stock Offering - Seeking AlphaSecondary offering planned for Seacoast in Fla. - American Banker'
p8
aS"Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida's  CEO Dennis Hudson on Q2 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 31, 2016 We've been implementing Seacoast methodical transformation for the last eight quarters and it is continuing as planned."
p9
aS"Tampa's GulfShore Bank acquired by Stuart-based Seacoast Banking Corp. Tampabay.com - Nov 4, 2016 GulfShore's three branches, two in Tampa and one in St. Petersburg, will be absorbed into Seacoast Bank. The move extends 90-year-old Seacoast's service area to Florida's west coast. It has 47 branches stretching from Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton and&nbsp;...Seacoast To Acquire GulfShore Bank, Entering Attractive Tampa Market - PR Newswire Seacoast Bank expands into Tampa area with purchase of GulfShore Bank - TCPalm"
p10
a.