(lp0
S"Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces &quot;Project Baltimore&quot; Initiative Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 BALTIMORE, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  , announces the launch of a special news unit to investigate the Baltimore-Area Public Education system.Is It Time to go for Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , CoreCivic, Inc. ? - StockNewsJournalSinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.'s  stock price is now Worth at $39.55 ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p1
aS"Sinclair Broadcast Group Prices Public Offering of Class A Common Stock PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 BALTIMORE, March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.   announced that it has priced an underwritten public offering of 12.0 million primary shares of Class A common stock at a price to the&nbsp;...Sinclair Broadcast Group  Sells Alarm Funding Associates - StreetInsider.comSinclair Broadcast Group's Investment Group, Keyser Capital, Sells Alarm ... - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Institutional Ownership Update on Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late.David B. Amy Sells 28000 Shares of Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc  Stock - Chaffey BreezeLatest Stocks: The Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc  Receives Average Rating ... - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group reportedly talking to Tribune Media about acquisition Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 1, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. shares were up more than 4 percent in trading Wednesday morning after a report said it approached Tribune Media Co.Exclusive: Sinclair approaches Tribune Media about possible deal - sources - Reuters'
p4
aS'SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. is a television broadcasting company. The Company owns or provides certain programming, operating or sales services to television stations in the United States.The Case for and Against Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group  to Acquire Tennis Media Company StreetInsider.com - Mar 1, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  announced that it has acquired the assets of Tennis Media Company, the owner of Tennis magazine and Tennis.Sinclair Broadcast gathers Tennis Media Company assets - Seeking AlphaSinclair Broadcast acquires Tennis.com, magazine for $8 million - Baltimore Business Journal'
p6
aS"Sinclair Broadcast rolls out TBD network targeting millennials Baltimore Sun - Mar 8, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has begun to roll out a first-of-its kind, over-the-air TV network showing digital programming that's designed to appeal to millennials.Oklahoma business briefs for March 10 - NewsOK.com"
p7
aS'Trading Sheet: Examining the Levels for Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. (NASDAQ ... The Standard - Mar 28, 2017 Tracking shares of Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 8227162.'
p8
aS"Analyst's Indicator Review for Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , Huntsman ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 Presently Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 1.50. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell."
p9
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group prices offering at $42/share Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Underwriters will get a 30-day greenshoe option to buy up to 1.8M more primary Class A shares on the same terms. The company had filed information about the offering with the intent to use proceeds to &quot;fund future potential acquisitions&quot; and for ...'
p10
a.