(lp0
S'Investor Watch: Looking at Shares of Scientific Learning Corporation  SKV News - 8 hours ago Taking a look at shares of Scientific Learning Corporation , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 55. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Scientific Learning Reports Year End 2015 Financial Results Business Wire  - Mar 3, 2016 OAKLAND, Calif.----Scientific Learning Corp. , a leading provider of technologies for accelerated learning, today announced financial results for the year ended December 31, 2015.'
p2
aS'Scientific Learning changes CEO and CFO, cuts jobs, maxes out credit line San Francisco Business Times - Jul 12, 2012 Scientific Learning Corp., striving to save money, changed its CEO and CFO, cut more of its employees, and drew down the remaining $4.9 million on a $5 million line of credit.'
p3
aS'Scientific Learning Releases New Resources for Teachers to Accelerate Language ... Business Wire  - Oct 12, 2016 OAKLAND, Calif.----With Build English Fast, neuroscience-designed software from Scientific Learning Corp.'
p4
aS"Tutoring and Other Interventions Not Helping Your Struggling Reader ... Business Wire  - Jun 16, 2016 ... reading and learning programs, including tutoring, don't address the underlying delays that cause reading difficulties. To provide parents with a proven tool to address the root causes of their child's reading and learning problems, Scientific ..."
p5
aS"BrainSpark Learning Helps Parents Boost Kids' Brain Fitness Business Wire  - Apr 21, 2009 BrainSpark puts parents in charge of their child's learning by giving them the tools to prepare their child for success in school and beyond, said Andy Myers, president and CEO of Scientific Learning. We know, from more than 30 years of brain ..."
p6
aS'New Studies Show Children Improve Language and Reading Skills, and Brain ... Business Wire  - Aug 16, 2016 Twenty years later, the software program they developed - Fast ForWord from Scientific Learning Corp.  - continues to be vetted and proven to remediate the underlying difficulties that keep struggling readers from making progress.'
p7
aS'Mike Merzenich Awarded Kavli Prize in Neuroscience GlobeNewswire  - Jun 2, 2016 In 1995, Dr. Merzenich took a sabbatical from UCSF to co-found Scientific Learning Corporation, a company that has helped millions of school children with language learning and reading, through computerized exercises based on principles of brain ...'
p8
aS"Merritt's life's work is to help others understand Florida Times-Union - Mar 9, 2017 Merritt has spoke at numerous national professional and home schooling conferences, and has been awarded three distinguished national service awards from the Scientific Learning Corporation. In 2008, she was awarded the Innovative Therapist Award for&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Ellie Mae chief financial officer Edgar Luce resigns HousingWire - Nov 22, 2016 Prior to joining Ellie Mae, LaVay served as vice president, corporate controller at Taleo Corporation from October 2011 until April 2012.'
p10
a.