(lp0
S'Sycamore Networks: From $45 Billion to Zilch Wall Street Journal - Feb 1, 2013 There was a time when Sycamore Networks Inc. was the next big thinga leader in the race to direct digital traffic across the Internet.'
p1
aS"Internet-era boom icon's quiet bust Boston Globe - Oct 26, 2012 They were relative small fry competing against the technology giants of the day - the likes of Nortel Networks Inc. and Lucent Technologies Inc. And they won. Sycamore went public in 1999. The company had just one customer and $11 million in sales at ...Sycamore Networks shutting down, sells optical business for $18.75M - LightWave Online "
p2
aS'SYCAMORE NETWORKS, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Nov 23, 2016 Sycamore Networks, Inc. was engaged in the development and marketing of intelligent bandwidth management solutions. The Company provided intelligent bandwidth management solutions for fixed line and mobile network operators across the world and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Stock in Sycamore networks drops on final decision to close shop Boston Business Journal  - Mar 4, 2013 Sycamore Networks Inc.  stock dropped nearly 10 percent Monday after the optical switches maker said its board of directors voted to move forward with the completion of its liquidation and to officially dissolve the company.'
p4
aS'Activists Circling Sycamore, Upside Outweighs Downside Liquidation Risk Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2015 Liquidation: Throughout its operating history, Sycamore generated substantial losses. As a result, in January 2013, the Company sold its operating business to Marlin Equity Partners.'
p5
aS'Sycamore Networks  to Sell $18.75 Million in Assets, Dissolve Business ... StreetInsider.com  - Oct 23, 2012 Sycamore Networks, Inc. , today announced that it has signed a definitive asset sale agreement to sell substantially all of the assets of its Intelligent Bandwidth Management business to a subsidiary of Marlin Equity Partners (Marlin ...'
p6
aS'Small-Cap Ideas: Activist Investing Daily Seeking Alpha - Nov 10, 2015 This is a roundup of some activist campaigns flying under the radar in the micro- and small-cap space. Sycamore Networks .'
p7
aS"Marlin brings Sycamore Network Solutions under Coriant LightWave Online  - Jun 19, 2013 In an expected move, Marlin Equity Partners has folded Sycamore Networks Solutions, Inc., which it acquired this past January  into Coriant, the former optical networks business of Nokia Siemens&nbsp;...Marlin Equity Partners Expands Coriant Portfolio with Sycamore's Optical ... - Business Wire "
p8
aS'Sycamore SN 9000 Multiservice Switch Receives US Department of Defense (DoD ... Business Wire  - Oct 13, 2009 CHELMSFORD, Mass.----Sycamore Networks, Inc.  today announced that, following successful completion of Defense Information Systems Agency  Joint Interoperability Test Command  interoperability testing&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Sycamore Networks Solutions, Inc. Enters OSMINE Process for DNX Multiservice ... Business Wire  - Apr 30, 2013 CHELMSFORD, Mass.----Sycamore Networks Solutions, Inc., a Marlin Equity Partners portfolio company, today announced it has started the Ericsson  Operations Systems Modification for the Integration of&nbsp;...'
p10
a.