(lp0
S'Shoe Carnival Planning Bigger Athletic Business SGB Media    - Mar 24, 2017 While fourth-quarter earnings were down sharply due to weak traffic early in the holiday selling season, Shoe Carnival Inc.Trading Options During Earnings in Shoe Carnival Inc  - CML NewsShoe Carnival Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire '
p1
aS"Stock Returns: Shoe Carnival Inc  versus Tilly's Inc  CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Shoe Carnival Inc  versus Tilly's Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Shoe Carnival Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 27 - Equities.comFY2018 Earnings Estimate for Shoe Carnival, Inc.  Issued By Jefferies Group - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Shoe Carnival: Bias Is To The Downside Seeking Alpha - Sep 19, 2016 Shoe Carnival  has been on a tear of late, bucking the trend of poorly performing retail stocks that has dominated the sector in 2016.'
p3
aS'An intrinsic value calculation for Shoe Carnival Inc  shows investors ... Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 Does the March share price for Shoe Carnival  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p4
aS"Shoe Carnival's Margins Have Me Worried Seeking Alpha - Jun 7, 2016 Shoe Carnival  is a rare retailer that has bucked the nasty downtrend we've seen of late from the group. The company's focus on an off-price model certainly helps and execution has been great."
p5
aS"A Huge Red Flag At Shoe Carnival Seeking Alpha - Jun 18, 2016 A couple of weeks ago I wrote a piece on retailer Shoe Carnival  wherein I said that the company's margins had me worried."
p6
aS'Shoe Carnival to Report Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Shoe Carnival, Inc. , a leading retailer of moderately priced footwear and accessories, today announced fourth quarter 2016 earnings results will be released on Thursday, March 23, 2017 after the market close.Shoe Carnival Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 02 - Equities.com'
p7
aS"Shoe Carnival shares fall on results, outlook MarketWatch - Nov 28, 2016 Shoe Carnival Inc. SCVL, +2.46% on Monday reported quarterly results that missed expectations amid soft demand for seasonal items and cut its annual guidance.Shoe Carnival's  CEO Cliff Sifford on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Shoe Carnival Inc  versus Zumiez Inc  CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Shoe Carnival Inc  versus Zumiez Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Shoe Carnival, Inc.  PT Set at $26.00 by Jefferies Group LLC - Chaffey BreezeShoe Carnival Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p9
aS"University Town Center properties lose sandwich shop, shoe store Bradenton Herald - Mar 6, 2017 In Shoe Carnival Inc.'s third-quarter earnings call from the most recent fiscal year, President and CEO of Shoe Carnival Inc. Cliff Sifford said the company expected to open four stores but also close four stores in the fourth quarter. Sifford did not ..."
p10
a.