(lp0
S"Smart Employee Benefits Inc. TSXV: SEB InvestorIntel - Mar 20, 2017 Smart Employee Benefits Inc.'s global infrastructure is comprised of two operating divisions: Technology and Benefits. The Technology Division currently serves corporate and government clients across Canada and internationally."
p1
aS"Smart Employee Benefits Announces Closing of First Tranche of $1.5 Million ... InvestorIntel - Mar 27, 2017 Smart Employee Benefits Inc.'s global infrastructure is comprised of two operating divisions: Technology and Benefits. The Technology Division currently serves corporate and government clients across Canada and internationally."
p2
aS'Smart Employee Benefits Launches Employee Health Direct Subsidiary Marketwired  - Apr 23, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.  , is pleased to announce the launch of Employee Health Direct .'
p3
aS'Smart Employee Benefits closes acquisition of Maplesoft Group Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Dec 4, 2015 The acquisition of Maplesoft is expected to increase the consolidated annual revenue of Smart Employee Benefits by over $50mln, and contribute substantially to the overall profitability of Smart Employee Benefits, the Mississauga, Ontario-based company&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Brainhunter founder looks to repeat Ottawa Citizen - Dec 14, 2015 John McKimm - New Brunswick native, financier and entrepreneur - is a big fan of the national capital region. I love the city, says the 62 year-old founder and chief executive of Smart Employee Benefits Inc. I love coming there to visit. He's ..."
p5
aS'The Complete Package: Smart employee benefits now include homebuyer benefits Utah Business - Apr 20, 2016 Depending on the customized level of the program, it is a complete value add for both the employee and employer. If you are a company trying to be competitive and want to attract and retain top talent, take a look at adding the homebuyer benefits ...'
p6
aS'Compass Professional Health Services Announces 2016 Health Activation Award ... Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago Over the past 11 years, Compass has created a user experience that is unparalleled in the healthcare and employee benefits space.'
p7
aS'The new technology that enhances employee benefits Smart Business Network - Oct 1, 2016 Smart Business spoke with Aaron Ochs, consultant at JRG Advisors, about technology that is enhancing how employee benefits can be managed today. ... During the benefit year, the company uses the data to implement a wellness program. Within two years&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'How community involvement benefits company culture Smart Business Network - Nov 1, 2016 Aside from the tangible benefits of giving back to communities, it can be a lot of fun to get out of the office with employees as a team and contribute by participating in fundraisers and food drives, says Michael Stevenson, CPA, CFE, CFF, ABV ...'
p9
aS'What does a new president mean for employee benefits? Smart Business Network - Jan 3, 2017 With the inauguration of President-Elect Donald Trump imminent, it is still not certain what his administration will ultimately mean for health care.'
p10
a.