(lp0
S'Why Shutterfly, Inc. Stock Sank 11.6% in February Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of Shutterfly Inc.  declined 11.6% in the month of February, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the company announced disappointing fourth-quarter 2016 results and an ambitious restructuring effort.'
p1
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Shutterfly Inc  CML News - 10 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Shutterfly Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p2
aS"Why Shutterfly Inc. Stock Dropped Today Motley Fool - Feb 2, 2017 Shares of Shutterfly Inc.  were getting clipped Thursday after the personalized photo-and-stationery company issued a weak fourth-quarter earnings report.Jefferies' Brian Fitzgerald Reacts To Facebook Inc  And Shutterfly, Inc ... - Smarter AnalystShutterfly posts drop in profit, says will cut jobs - Reuters"
p3
aS'Shutterfly Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - 18 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Shutterfly Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.'
p4
aS"Why Shutterfly Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 What happened. Shares of Shutterfly Inc.  were surging higher Thursday as the online photo specialist topped estimates in its third-quarter report.Shutterfly's  CEO Chris North on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'Why Shutterfly, Inc. Stock Fell 11.1% in September Motley Fool - Oct 11, 2016 Shares of Shutterfly Inc.  fell 11.1% in September, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after Amazon.'
p6
aS'Shutterfly, Inc. Names Michele Anderson Senior Vice President, Retail Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Shutterfly, Inc. , the leading manufacturer and online retailer of high-quality personalized photo products and services, today announced it has appointed Michele Anderson as senior vice president, retail.Stock Returns: HSN Inc  versus Shutterfly Inc  - CML NewsThe Shutterfly, Inc.  Receives $49.75 Consensus Price Target from Analysts - DailyQuint'
p7
aS'Shutterfly, Inc. Names Will Lansing Chairman of the Board Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 Shutterfly, Inc. , the leading online retailer and manufacturer of high-quality personalized products and services, today named technology executive Will Lansing, as chairman of the Shutterfly board of directors.Guess Who Picked Up Shutterfly Inc.  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive Active Volume Stock: Shutterfly, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p8
aS'Brokerages Set Shutterfly, Inc.  PT at $49.43 BNB Daily  - Mar 27, 2017 Shutterfly logo Shares of Shutterfly, Inc.  have received an average recommendation of Hold from the eleven research firms that are presently covering the firm.Norges Bank Takes Position in Shutterfly, Inc.  - Sports PerspectivesShutterfly Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p9
aS"Is Shutterfly Inc's  Balance Sheet Strong Enough To Weather A Storm? Simply Wall St - Mar 18, 2017 Shutterfly Inc  is a small-cap-stock with a market capitalization of USD $1,586 Million. While investors primarily focus on the growth potential and competitive landscape of the small-cap companies, they end up ignoring a key aspect, which&nbsp;...John Boris Sells 6250 Shares of Shutterfly, Inc.  Stock - The Cerbat GemLatest Stocks: The John Boris Sells 6250 Shares of Shutterfly, Inc.  Stock - Petro Global News 24"
p10
a.