(lp0
S'Samco Gold Signs Agreement With Yamana Gold Inc. for Sale of Corina Property ... Marketwired  - May 19, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announced that after a strategic review of its business, operations and prospects, it has terminated the Participation and&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Samco Gold Announces Termination of Letter of Intent and Option Agreement With ... Marketwired  - Jan 17, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announces that the Company has received notice of termination of the previously announced letter of intent between the Company&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Samco Announces Extension of Agreement to Acquire Dino Polymetallic (Zinc ... Marketwired  - Apr 3, 2015 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announces an extension of the share purchase agreement  with Mantaro Resources Limited  for the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"SAMCO introduces country's first Zero Balance trading account facility Economic Times - Jun 17, 2016 MUMBAI: Mumbai based discount brokerage SAMCO Securities has launched a zero balance trading account product 'IntraPlus' which allow traders to initiate intra-day trades even if the cash balance in their trading accounts is zero."
p4
aS'Civista Bancshares  Reaches $21.23 After 4.00% Up Move, Saga ... NormanObserver.com - Mar 23, 2017 Samco Gold Limited is a mineral exploration firm that acquires, explores and develops mineral properties in South America. The company has market cap of $1.95 million.'
p5
aS'Is Budget fineprint as impressive as the first impression? Read this Economic Times - Feb 1, 2017 Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley pulled off a good balancing act in the Union Budget for 2017-18 and the first impression of it seems to have left financial markets euphoric.'
p6
aS"It's a buy and hold on SBI: Viraj Gandhi, Samco Securities Economic Times - Aug 12, 2016 In a chat with ET Now, Viraj Gandhi, Samco Securities, says if you put SBI Life in comparison to most of the other semi-private sector players, it will trade at 1.5-2 times embedded book value."
p7
aS'Expert View Economic Times - Oct 20, 2016 A key part is to reduce government regulations that discourage business activity, including regulations of labour markets and of financial institutions.'
p8
aS"The call is 'avoid'; we are not creating any fresh longs: Jimeet Modi, SAMCO ... Economic Times - Sep 24, 2016 In a chat with ET Now, Jimet Modi, CEO, SAMCO Securities, says there is no indication of any major correction happening and there is no indication to even go short on the markets."
p9
aS"Online stock games Sebi's new headache Times of India - Aug 25, 2016 They can then decide on the amount and the website, owned by Kundra through Satyug Gold Pvt Ltd, offers daily and monthly winners prizes ranging from silver coins to cars after they pay 30.9% TDS."
p10
a.