(lp0
S'Signet Jewelers plans to cut stores, invest in digital after fourth-quarter ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 9, 2017 Signet Jewelers Ltd , owner of the Kay Jewelers, Zales and Jared chains said it plans to close underperforming stores and invest in its digital platforms as its fourth-quarter results showed a drop in sales.Why Signet Jewelers Ltd. is going gangbusters today - FX Daily ReportCiti Says Remain Cautious On Signet Jewelers Heading Into Earnings - Benzinga'
p1
aS'Signet Jewelers sued for not disclosing harassment allegations Reuters - 3 hours ago Signet Jewelers Ltd has been hit with a securities fraud class action lawsuit, accusing the retailer of failing to disclose facts regarding sexual harassment allegations against executives at its Sterling Jewelers unit, court documents showed.Institutional Portfolio Favorite in Spotlight: Signet Jewelers Limited  - Midway MonitorSignet Jewelers Ltd. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p2
aS"This jewelry brand's stock plummets after sexual harassment allegations surface CNBC - Feb 28, 2017 Shares of Signet Jewelers closed down more than 12 percent Tuesday on a report that some Sterling Jewelers' employees are claiming sexual harassment and discrimination within the workplace.Why Shares of Signet Jewelers Ltd. Plunged 13% Today - Motley FoolHarwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Signet Jewelers Limited - PR Newswire "
p3
aS'Signet Jewelers Ltd. Rebounds on Earnings, but Major Scandal Remains Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, Chris Hill and Bill Barker cover the latest developments at Signet Jewelers .'
p4
aS'Signet Jewelers, Following Sexual Harassment Claims, Will Hire Independent ... Wall Street Journal  - Mar 9, 2017 Signet Jewelers Ltd., facing investor unease following allegations of widespread sexual harassment and discrimination against women employees in some of its stores, said it would make changes including hiring an independent consultant to examine its&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Signet Jewelers: Strong Fundamentals, High ROE, Possible Significant Price ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 Signet Jewelers on the Forbes Global 2000 List Fundamentals. At about $6.4 billion in annual sales revenue, Signet Jewelers, Ltd.  is the leader of mid-market retail jewelry in the US, Canada, and Great Britain. Through acquisition, marketing ...'
p6
aS'Oversold Conditions For Signet Jewelers  Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 In trading on Tuesday, shares of Signet Jewelers Ltd  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 25.2, after changing hands as low as $65.42 per share.'
p7
aS"Signet Still Has Credit Book Problems Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 It appears Signet continues to rely on increasing credit sales to drive growth at its largest division, Sterling Jewelers. Also, the companies own metrics as well as other credit metrics appear to show a continuing deterioration of the company's credit ...EPS Target Of Signet Jewelers Limited  Set At $1.74 - Markets DailySignet Jewelers Limited  Top Sales Projection At $6760.34 - Investor Newswire"
p8
aS'Following the Average True Range Indicator for Signet Jewelers Ltd  Providence Standard - 13 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for Signet Jewelers Ltd  is currently sitting at 2.5. The ATR basically measures the volatility of a ...'
p9
aS"Signet Jewelers Limited  Quant Investor Update Business Review - Mar 28, 2017 Signet Jewelers Limited  currently has a Q.i. Value of 25.00000. Checking in on some valuation rankings, Signet Jewelers Limited  has a Value Composite score of 15. Developed by James O'Shaughnessy, the VC score uses five&nbsp;..."
p10
a.