(lp0
S'Why Six Flags Entertainment Corp Stock Surged 14% in October Motley Fool - Nov 12, 2015 The theme park industry has roared back following the financial crisis -- full-year attendance is up 9% at Six Flags. Management credited a 25% increase in sales of annual passes for the strong quarter and said the company is well-positioned to reach ...'
p1
aS"Six Flags Entertainment: An overview of the largest theme park Market Realist - Jan 26, 2015 Founded in 1961, Six Flags Entertainment Corp.  is the world's largest regional theme park company with $1.1 billion in revenue and 18 parks across North America."
p2
aS'Allianz Asset Management AG Continues to Hold Position in Six Flags ... Chaffey Breeze - 23 hours ago Six Flags Entertainment Corp logo Allianz Asset Management AG maintained its stake in Six Flags Entertainment Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Latest Stocks: Six Flags Entertainment Corporation New  Receives $62.57 ... - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'6 Reasons Why Six Flags Will Be A Success Seeking Alpha - Oct 19, 2015 Six Flags Entertainment Corp.  is a lesser known investment opportunity. This company, which has 23 amusement parks and is building several more internationally, has nowhere to go but up.Six Flags Entertainment reports attendance jump and record revenue - Los Angeles TimesSix Flags profit rises amid growing attendance - MarketWatch'
p4
aS"Fiesta Texas parent Six Flags sees losses shrink in first quarter San Antonio Business Journal - Apr 27, 2016 It's never good when a company reports a first-quarter net loss of nearly $47 million, as Six Flags Entertainment Corp.Six Flags Entertainment's  CEO John Duffey on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaSix Flags looks at more international growth, mulls adding sports bars - Dallas Morning News"
p5
aS'Six Flags Eyes Up Plan To Enter The Strange World Of Saudi Tourism Forbes - Jun 21, 2016 Six Flags Entertainment Corp, the US theme park operator, is planning to open a site in Saudi Arabia, according to its CEO John Duffey.Six Flags Arabia? Saudi Arabia Seeks Amusement Parks To Boost Tourism - Benzinga'
p6
aS'Six Flags aiming to open first Saudi theme park by 2021 Arab News - Nov 16, 2016 A waiver from Dubai Parks and Resorts, which holds exclusive rights to develop and operate Six Flags-branded theme parks in the six member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council , would enable the Saudi parks to carry the Six Flags name, he said.'
p7
aS"Saudi Sovereign Fund Considers Stake in Six Flags Bloomberg - Feb 8, 2017 Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, which is being transformed into a $2 trillion investment giant, is considering buying a stake in U.S."
p8
aS'Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 744295 Six Flags Entertainment Corp  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 23, 2017 Six Flags Entertainment Corp logo Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Six Flags Entertainment Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p9
aS'Six Flags Entertainment  Stock Climbs Despite Q3 Earnings Miss TheStreet.com - Oct 26, 2016 We rate SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORP as a Buy with a ratings score of B-. This is driven by multiple strengths, which we believe should have a greater impact than any weaknesses, and should give investors a better performance opportunity than most&nbsp;...Fiesta Texas parent Six Flags joins the billion-dollar club - San Antonio Business JournalSix Flags revenue falls short after bad weather - MarketWatch'
p10
a.