(lp0
S"Earnings Clues on KKR &amp; Co. LP , Schlumberger Limited  Analyst's ... StockNewsJournal - 20 hours ago Schlumberger Limited , at its latest closing price of $77.02, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.61, compared to an industry average at 1.70.Schlumberger Limited Posted gains of 0.08% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverMost Active Stock Update: Schlumberger Limited  - HugoPress"
p1
aS'Schlumberger Limited  Makes Compelling Case Using Its Technical Chart Data NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Schlumberger Limited  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p2
aS'Schlumberger Limited.  Announced a New Joint Venture Smrt Stck Nws - Mar 27, 2017 Schlumberger Limited.  and WFT announced a new joint venture, OneStim, to deliver completions products and services in the United States and Canadian land markets.Form 8-K SCHLUMBERGER LIMITED/NV For: Mar 27 - StreetInsider.comA Rare Win-Win Scenario For Weatherford And Schlumberger - Benzinga'
p3
aS"Reuters: Schlumberger sees Ecuador's unpaid bills hurting quarterly results Seeking Alpha - 9 hours ago Schlumberger  CEO Paal Kibsgaard says $1.1B in unpaid bills from Ecuador's state-owned oil company will hurt its quarterly results, Reuters reports."
p4
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for Schlumberger Limited  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Schlumberger Limited , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS'Earnings Growth Research: Schlumberger Limited , Altria Group, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago Shares of Schlumberger Limited  observed rebound of 10.67% since bottoming out at $71.34 on Mar. 29, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -2.41% in the past five days, the stock price is now down&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Should I Sell Schlumberger? Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 This morning, I was updating my portfolio sipping on a nice, warm cup of coffee with all the madness/dividend income that has trickled in so far in March.'
p7
aS'Weatherford and Schlumberger to Form OneStim Joint Venture PR Newswire  - Mar 24, 2017 BAAR, Switzerland, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford and Schlumberger today announced an agreement to create OneStimSM, a joint venture to deliver completions products and services for the development of unconventional resource plays in&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'How Does Schlumberger Limited  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Schlumberger Limited  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Oil &amp; Gas Equipment &amp; Services.Is it Worth Holding Schlumberger  in Your Portfolio? - Yahoo FinanceWhat Analysts are Predicting For The Home Depot, Inc. , Schlumberger ... - The USA Commerce'
p9
aS'Schlumberger Limited  Stock Will Show Resistance At $77.68 USA Commerce Daily - Mar 27, 2017 With all other things going on, Schlumberger Limited  has been on a free fall - declining -10.13 percent in just three months.'
p10
a.