(lp0
S'Inventure Foods +10% after asset sale Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Inventure Foods  announces the sale of Fresh Frozen Foods to The Pictsweet Company for ~$23.7M. The companys says the deal is a result of its strategic and financial review aimed at increasing shareholder value.'
p1
aS"Option Market Alert: Inventure Foods Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Unsually ... CML News - 10 hours ago Risk Alert: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Inventure Foods Inc  risk is elevated. We'll detail it below -- but that's the lede -- the option market is starting to flash those neon lights that signal &quot;risk is rising ..."
p2
aS'Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against ... Business Wire  - 10 hours ago LOS ANGELES----Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP  announces that it has filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona on behalf of a class  consisting of persons and entities ...'
p3
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation ... PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC is investigating potential claims on behalf of purchasers of the Inventure Foods, Inc.  . Such investors&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'How Financially Strong Is Inventure Foods Inc ? Simply Wall St - Mar 19, 2017 Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like Inventure Foods Inc  with its market cap of USD $96 Million.'
p5
aS'Inventure Foods Sells Fresh Frozen Foods For $23.7 Million KJZZ - Mar 24, 2017 On Thursday, Phoenix-based Inventure Foods Inc. announced the sale of of Fresh Frozen Foods to The Pictsweet Company, a family-owned grower and processor of frozen vegetables.Inventure Foods Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 23 - Equities.comDLA Piper Guides Inventure Foods In $23.7M Pictsweet Sale - Law360 '
p6
aS'Inventure Foods Inc  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday The Cerbat Gem - 19 hours ago Inventure Foods logo Inventure Foods Inc  is scheduled to announce its earnings results before the market opens on Thursday, March 30th.Latest Stocks: The Zacks Investment Research Lowers Inventure Foods Inc (SNAK ... - Petro Global News 24FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Inventure Foods Inc  Issued By DA Davidson - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'3 Stocks to Watch on Friday: Micron Technology, Inc. , GameStop Corp. (GME ... Investorplace.com - Mar 24, 2017 Thursday was another weak day for U.S. equities as the market keeps one eye on Washington and healthcare reform. The S&amp;P 500 Index slipped 0.1%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell a fraction of a percentage and the Nasdaq Composite fell 0.1% on&nbsp;...Stocks To Watch: Micron Technology, Inc. , GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME ... - Stock Market Daily'
p8
aS'Inventure Foods, Inc.: M&amp;A Target Seeking Alpha - May 6, 2016 I enjoy assessing M&amp;A deals. These kinds of investments are easy and simple, as pricing the company does not depend only on the fundamental value.'
p9
aS'Bragar Eagel &amp; Squire, PC is Investigating Inventure Foods, Inc.  on ... Business Wire  - Mar 17, 2017 The Company further disclosed that it anticipates that its statements of operations contained in the Annual Report will differ materially from those reported for its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015.'
p10
a.