(lp0
S"Revenue Approximations Analysis: WMIH Corp. , Synopsys, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Synopsys, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 8.24, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p1
aS"Institutional Portfolio Favorite in Spotlight: Synopsys, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Synopsys, Inc. 's stock has been a favorite of smart money aka institutions, as of late. Institutions are currently holders of 92.20% of the shares."
p2
aS'Synopsys Announces Availability of Comprehensive Low Power Reference Kit for ... PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2017 Synopsys, Inc.  today announced the immediate availability of a comprehensive low power reference kit for design and verification based on a bitcoin mining System-on-Chip  design.'
p3
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Synopsys Inc  CML News - 9 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Synopsys Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p4
aS"Synopsys' IC Validator Used for Physical Sign-Off on More Than 100 FinFET ... PR Newswire  - 18 hours ago Synopsys, Inc.  today announced that its IC Validator physical verification product has been successfully used for signoff on more than 100 tapeouts at advanced FinFET nodes."
p5
aS'Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Synopsys, Inc. , Beazer Homes USA ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 23, 2017 Synopsys, Inc.  have shown a high EPS growth of 3.20% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 20.70% yoy.'
p6
aS"Synopsys' RSoft Photonic Component Design Suite Version 2017.03 Accelerates ... PR Newswire  - Mar 27, 2017 Synopsys, Inc.  today announced the latest release of its RSoft Photonic Component Design Suite, the company's industry-leading software for the design of photonic devices and components used in optical communications, optoelectronics&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Synopsys Inc  is Beating Nuance Communications Inc ... CML News - Mar 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Nuance Communications Inc  versus Synopsys Inc  .'
p8
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for Synopsys, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 24, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Synopsys, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Synopsys, Inc.  Fiscal Standard - 19 hours ago Stock market analysts and brokers have recently amended their target prices on shares of Synopsys, Inc. .'
p10
a.