(lp0
S'Echo Therapeutics Announces New Patents for Non-Invasive Sensing Technology PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2016 ISELIN, N.J., Feb. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring  and associated technologies, today announced new patents covering its system&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Echo Therapeutics Separation Agreement With Scott Hollander ValueWalk - Sep 26, 2016 Late Friday afternoon, buried in an 8k and without a press release, Echo Therapeutics announced that it had entered into a Separation Agreement with Scott Hollander, the company's President, CEO and Director. The company did not name a replacement for&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Echo Therapeutics, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - May 15, 2015 ISELIN, N.J., May 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring and associated technologies, today announced its financial results for the quarter&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Echo Therapeutics' Continuous Glucose Monitoring System to be Profiled on ... PR Newswire  - Oct 21, 2015 ISELIN, N.J., Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring and associated technologies, today announced that it was informed that, due to&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Echo Therapeutics Announces New Patent for its Non-Invasive Sensing Technology PR Newswire  - Jun 22, 2016 ISELIN, N.J., June 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring  and associated technologies, today announced a new patent covering its&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"More Trouble Ahead For Echo Therapeutics Inc ? ValueWalk - Jul 21, 2016 It appears the company failed to raise any equity in the over 6 month period it had to meet the Nasdaq requirement. We estimate ECTE needed to raise only approximately $7 million, which shouldn't have been that difficult considering the market is at ..."
p6
aS"Echo Therapeutics' Non-Invasive Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Likely ... PR Newswire  - Aug 12, 2015 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring  and associated technologies, today announced that, after numerous consultations with the&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Echo Therapeutics faces uncertain future in whistleblower case Mass Device - Dec 2, 2016 The company is exploring its alternatives, but if the company is unable to overturn the temporary restraining order or otherwise settle these actions, the company will be unable to continue as a going concern, Echo Therapeutics wrote in an SEC filing.Echo Therapeutics target of whistleblower suit, survival at stake; shares down 21% - Seeking Alpha'
p8
aS"Echo Therapeutics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 22, 2017 On March 21, 2017, Alan W. Schoenbart, currently the Company's Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, was appointed by the board of directors of the Company  to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He will ..."
p9
aS'Echo Therapeutics Inc   A Stock With No Revenue And A Short Catalyst ValueWalk - Jun 27, 2016 Echo Therapeutics is trying to develop a non-invasive , wireless, continuous glucose monitoring system. You can see the latest presentation at http://echotx.'
p10
a.