(lp0
S'Technical Reports on Personal Products Equities -- Nu Skin, Energizer ... PR Newswire  - Mar 27, 2017 Stock-Callers.com revisits the Personal Products space which includes manufacturers of personal and beauty care products such as cosmetics and perfumes.'
p1
aS"Spectrum Brands, Inc. - Pet, Home &amp; Garden Division Teams With The Pack Shack ... PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 LOUIS, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectrum Brands, Inc. - Pet, Home &amp; Garden Division employees rolled up their sleeves to give back to the community recently during a team-building exercise at the company's weeklong National Sales &amp; Marketing ..."
p2
aS'Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 14 Equities.com - Mar 14, 2017 Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 14, as the stock gained 0.83% to close at $138.98.Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Initiates Coverage On Spectrum Brands ... - Market ExclusiveSpectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.  Receives $147.17 Consensus Target Price ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS"The Clorox Company versus Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then The Clorox Company which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.Latest Stocks: The KeyCorp Comments on Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.'s FY2018 ... - Petro Global News 24Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS"
p4
aS'Spectrum Brands Increases Revolving Credit Facility, Extends its Maturity and ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. , a global consumer products company offering an expanding portfolio of leading brands providing superior value to consumers and customers every day, announced today that its wholly owned subsidiaries, Spectrum&nbsp;...Marshall Wace LLP Cuts Position in Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.  - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'Checking the Charts on Shares of Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Investors may want to examine some technical indicators when studying a stock. Currently, the 14-day Commodity Channel Index  for Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc  is sitting at 26.71. CCI is an indicator used in technical analysis that was ...'
p6
aS'Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 15, as the stock gained 0.94% to close at $140.28.Spectrum Brands Launches Offering to Reprice All of Its US Dollar Term Loans ... - Business Wire Royal Bank of Canada Initiates Coverage on Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.  - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'SPECTRUM BRANDS HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... Market Exclusive - Mar 22, 2017 On March 22, 2017, Mr. Omar Asali, a director of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. , notified the Company that he has decided that he will resign from the board of directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and all committees thereof ...'
p8
aS'Spectrum Brands Debuts Its Newest Products From Leading Consumer Brands at the ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.  will debut a variety of new home appliances from the BLACK+DECKER and George Foreman brands at the 2017 International Home + Housewares Show.'
p9
aS'Spectrum Brands: Significant Near-Term Catalyst For This Long-Term Investment ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2016 Spectrum Brands  is a diversified global consumer product company headquartered in Middleton, Wisconsin. The company manufactures and distributes over 25 well-known name brands across 12 different categories.Spectrum Brands, Inc. - Pet, Home &amp; Garden Division Announces Its ... - PR Newswire '
p10
a.