(lp0
S"Simon Property Group's Dividend Says 'Buy Me' Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 SPG has a solid history of FFO and dividend growth. At its current market price, SPG is a good buy for its $7 dividend. Simon Property Group  is a buy with its $7 dividend and history of dividend and FFO growth. Is SPG a good investment partner?Taking a Look at the Data Behind Simon Property Group, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalSimon Property Group Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 08 - Equities.com"
p1
aS'Simon Property Group Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Cerbat Gem - 14 hours ago Simon Property Group Inc logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Simon Property Group Inc  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report issued on Monday.Canaccord Genuity Trims Simon Property Group Inc  Target Price to $224.00 - Chaffey BreezeBig Banks Continue to be Large Stakeholders in Simon Property Group, Inc ... - Midway Monitor'
p2
aS'Mall REIT Shares Beckon The Brave Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Instead, both articles were backward-looking, focusing on the horrendous sell-offs in the group that had already taken place.'
p3
aS'Simon Property Group Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 But making Simon Property Group, Inc. an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of SPG entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $169.50 per share.'
p4
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for Simon Property Group, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Simon Property Group, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS"Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Simon Property Group, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 7.78, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p6
aS"Simon Property Group, Inc. : What's the Story? StockNewsJournal - Mar 23, 2017 Simon Property Group, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Financial space, with a focus on REIT - Retail. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $165.40, down from yesterday's close by -2.11%.SIMON PROPERTY GROUP,INC.  Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of ... - Market ExclusiveSimon Property Group Inc.: Simon Property Group Schedules First Quarter 2017 ... - The Wall Street Transcript"
p7
aS'Technical Tracker: Watching Shares of Simon Property Group Inc  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Investors may want to examine some technical indicators when studying a stock. Currently, the 14-day Commodity Channel Index  for Simon Property Group Inc  is sitting at -121.42. CCI is an indicator used in technical analysis that was ...'
p8
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Simon Property Group, Boston Properties ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Simon Property Group, Inc. , Boston Properties, Inc. , Host Hotels &amp; Resorts, Inc.  and Public Storage .'
p9
aS'Buy/Sell Signals for Waste Management, Inc.  and Simon Property Group, Inc ... USA Commerce Daily - 17 hours ago Shares of Waste Management, Inc.  are on a recovery track as they have regained 31.46% since bottoming out at $56.05 on Apr. 25, 2016.'
p10
a.