(lp0
S'Support.com: How To Buy $2.90 For $2.00 Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 Support.com  is a provider of technology support cloud-based software and services, currently valued by the market below the value of its cash.Stock Returns: Support.com Inc  is Beating China Finance Online ... - CML News'
p1
aS"Support.com, Inc.  Adopts 'Poison Pill' Provision StreetInsider.com - Oct 14, 2015 Support.com, Inc.  announced that its Board of Directors has approved the adoption of a stockholder rights plan  and declared a dividend distribution of one right  for each outstanding share of common stock."
p2
aS"Why Support.com, Inc. Shares Plunged Motley Fool - Jan 8, 2014 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis."
p3
aS"Why I Would Not Buy Support.com Stock Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2014 There has been some chatter in the value investing and Magic Formula Investing  communities lately about Support.com , a recent micro-cap addition to the MFI screens. I've had several readers ask if it looked like an attractive&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'VIEX Issues Letter To Fellow Support.com Stockholders PR Newswire  - May 17, 2016 VIEX Capital Advisors, LLC, together with its affiliates and the other participants in its solicitation , collectively the largest stockholder of Support.com, Inc. , with ownership of ...'
p5
aS"BRIEF-Support.com Inc names Richard Bloom interim president, CEO Reuters - Oct 31, 2016 BRIEF-Support.com Inc names Richard Bloom interim president, CEO. Oct 31 Support.Com Inc. * Says on Oct 28, Elizabeth Cholawsky resigned her position as co's president and chief executive officer."
p6
aS'SUPPORT.COM, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Support.com, Inc. is a provider of cloud-based software and services for technology support. The Company offers outsourced support services for service providers, retailers, Internet of Things  solution providers and technology companies.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Support.com, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p7
aS'Activism On Support.com: 60% Return Seeking Alpha - Jun 13, 2016 Several authors have noted that Support.com was the perfect target for an activist investor. They were right, VIEX Capital Advisors, LLC has contacted the Board of Directors.'
p8
aS"Support.com's Earnings Release Could Be A Big Event Seeking Alpha - Jul 27, 2016 I recommend that readers unfamiliar with Support.com  read my two earlier Seeking Alpha articles on the company that can be found here and here. There has been very little news out of Support since the activist investor VIEX Group won 5&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Investing With An Edge - Support.com Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2016 Support.com is a relatively stable business, though it's also relatively low margin and has basically no barriers to entry."
p10
a.