(lp0
S'Silver Spring Networks  Names Catriona Fallon as CFO StreetInsider.com - Mar 27, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  today announced that Catriona Fallon has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer , effective March 27.Silver Spring Networks Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy from Analysts - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Why Silver Spring Networks, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 On a non-GAAP basis, which adjusts for one-time gains and expenses, Silver Spring Networks generated earnings of $0.05 per share.Silver Spring Networks to Present at the JMP Securities 2017 Technology ... - Yahoo FinanceSilver Spring Networks  PT Lowered to $11 at Baird on Weak Q1 Guidance - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'CORRECTING and REPLACING Silver Spring Networks to Present at the 29th Annual ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 11, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , a leading networking platform and solutions provider for the Internet of Important Things, today announced that Ken Gianella, Chief Financial Officer, will present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference on March 13, 2017.Stock Returns: RealPage Inc  is Beating Silver Spring Networks Inc ... - CML News'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Mitek Systems Inc  is Beating Silver Spring ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Mitek Systems Inc  versus Silver Spring Networks Inc  .'
p4
aS'Levels in View on Shares of Silver Spring Networks Inc  Baxter Review - 9 hours ago At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Silver Spring Networks Inc  is standing at 40.95. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p5
aS'Silver Spring Networks Will Leverage From The Growth Of IoT And Smart Cities Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2016 Silver Spring Networks Inc.  is an energy efficiency company providing networking platform and solutions that enable utilities to transform the traditional power grid infrastructure into a smart grid.'
p6
aS'Recent M&amp;A, Backlog Strength Encouraging Signs For Silver Spring Networks Benzinga - Oct 7, 2016 Oppenheimer has lifted the price target on Silver Spring Networks Inc  shares from $15 to $17 based on valuation supported by recent M&amp;A and strength in backlog.'
p7
aS"What Investors Need to Know About Silver Spring Networks, Inc.'s Q3 Earnings Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2015 Earlier in November, Silver Spring Networks  released earnings for the third quarter. Bringing networking solutions to cities and power grids around the world, the company is using the Internet of Things to transform aging infrastructures ..."
p8
aS'Smart grid company Silver Spring Networks just got a new CEO Fortune - Sep 2, 2015 Smart grid company Silver Spring Networks, which makes wireless infrastructure for utility power grids, has a new CEO. On Wednesday, the company announced that Mike Bell, who was previously an executive at Intel and Apple, has taken over as President&nbsp;...Former Intel Gadget Specialist to Head Silver Spring Networks - Wall Street JournalSilver Spring Networks names new CEO as stock struggles - Silicon Valley Business Journal'
p9
aS'Market Focus: Zooming in on Shares of Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  The Standard - 16 hours ago Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  has an EV  of 573916. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.'
p10
a.