(lp0
S'Sunvest Minerals Corp. Announces Appointment of Don Mckinnon Jr. to Board of ... Yahoo Finance - Oct 18, 2016 VANCOUVER, BC / ACCESSWIRE / October 18, 2016 / Sunvest Minerals Corp.   announces the appointment of Mr. Don McKinnon Jr.'
p1
aS'Sunvest Minerals: Drilling to Commence at McKinnon-Hawkins Gold Project, Ontario Junior Mining Network - Jan 27, 2017 Vancouver, British Columbia  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   announces crews are mobilizing at the McKinnon-Hawkins Gold Project located in Hawkins and Walls townships, Ontario.'
p2
aS'Sunvest Minerals Acquires Strategic Hemlo Camp Property Adjacent to Barrick Gold Junior Mining Network - Mar 27, 2017 Vancouver, BC  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   is pleased to announce the acquisition of a strategic mineral property located in the heart of the Hemlo Gold camp.'
p3
aS'Sunvest Minerals Corp.: Drilling Underway at McKinnon-Hawkins Gold Project ... InvestorIntel - Feb 28, 2017 February 28, 2017  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   announces drilling is well underway at the McKinnon-Hawkins Gold Project located in Hawkins and Walls townships, Ontario.'
p4
aS'Sunvest Minerals Corp. MarketWatch - Sep 13, 2009 Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up of low-cost buy-and-hold index funds.  How to create your own Lazy Portfolio.'
p5
aS'Sunvest Options Roy Cobalt to Battery Mineral Resources Junior Mining Network - Feb 27, 2017 Vancouver, British Columbia  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   announces it has signed an option agreement with Battery Mineral Resources Ltd.'
p6
aS"Betting on a name and the glory of gold InvestorIntel - Mar 15, 2017 Deciding which of Sunvest's project is the main play depends on one's point of view. If I reached into the bag and pulled out the Roy Mine as something I could take home I would be a happy man indeed."
p7
aS'Uptick Newswire: CEO Michael England Talks Gold Projects for 2017 Uptick Newswire  - Mar 8, 2017 PHOENIX, AZ -  - Uptick Newswire, LLC, a news source for nano and micro-cap companies, announced today an interview with CEO Michael England of Sunvest Minerals Corp. . Sunvest Corp has 50&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Movers: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. , Barrick Gold Corporation ... Benchmark Monitor - 17 hours ago Vancouver, BC  - Sunvest Minerals Corp. is pleased to announce the acquisition of a strategic mineral property located in the heart of the Hemlo Gold camp.'
p9
aS'Ring of Fire, demand for critical elements driving future of Ontario mining TimminsToday - Mar 8, 2017 Some of the companies actively looking for cobalt include Global Energy Metals Corp, Green Swan Capital Corp, Cobalt Power Group and Sunvest Minerals Corporation. In addition, Ontario, has produced and continues to produce graphite in two mines one&nbsp;...'
p10
a.