(lp0
S"Noteworthy movements of Stock: Sensata Technologies Holding NV's  share ... Street Updates - Feb 24, 2017 Sensata Technologies Holding N.V.  , a stock from Scientific &amp; Technical Instruments Industry, has a value of $43.72 per share, noted a price change of -0.64% in recent trade close."
p1
aS'Sensata Technologies Holding NV  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 25, 2016 Good morning and welcome to the Sensata Technologies Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded.'
p2
aS"Sensata Technologies Holding NV: Sensata Technologies Opens New Testing ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 14, 2017 SOFIA, Bulgaria, March 14, 2017  -- Sensata Technologies,  one of the world's leading suppliers of sensing, electrical protection, control and power management solutions, today announced the opening of its largest global&nbsp;...Price Target Analysis: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  - News OracleMomentum Stocks eBay Inc , Sensata Technologies Holding NV  - Daily News Journal"
p3
aS'Although Sensata Technologies Holding NV  is in a great industry ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Sensata Technologies is a global technology company that manufactures and sells sensors and controls. As the company notes in its most recent 10K, its primary products include pressure sensors, speed and position sensors, bimetal electromechanical&nbsp;...EPS Target Of Sensata Technologies Holding NV  Set At $0.68 - Markets DailySensata Technologies Holding  Now Covered by Cowen and Company - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Sensata Technologies Holding NV  Fiscal Standard - 19 hours ago Stock market analysts and brokers have recently amended their target prices on shares of Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. .Sensata Technologies Holding NV  Holding Above Moving Averages - Melville ReviewWorth Watching Stocks: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  , Retail ... - NYSE Journal '
p5
aS'Joshua Young joins Sensata Technologies as Head of Investor Relations GlobeNewswire  - Jun 6, 2016 ALMELO, Netherlands, June 06, 2016  -- Sensata Technologies Holding N.V.   today announced that Joshua Young has joined as Vice President of Investor Relations.'
p6
aS"Option Market: Sensata Technologies Holding NV Risk Hits A Substantially ... CML News - Feb 23, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Sensata Technologies ..."
p7
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Sensata Technologies Holding NV Implied ... CML News - Mar 24, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Sensata Technologies Holding N.V.  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p8
aS"Hot Stock to Watch: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  HugoPress - Mar 17, 2017 RBC Capital Upgrades Sensata Technologies Holding NV 's stock to Outperform with the price target of $46. This rating was issued on 1/09/17.Hot Stock Overview: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  - FactsReporterInvestors Pick: Sensata Technologies Holding NV , Magal Security ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p9
aS"Featured Stock Update: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  HugoPress - Mar 16, 2017 RBC Capital Upgrades Sensata Technologies Holding NV 's stock to Outperform with the price target of $46. This rating was issued on 1/09/17.Sensata Technologies Holding NV's  stock price is now at $43.15 while ... - Hot Stocks PointNews Recap: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  , Bank of the Ozarks ... - NYSE Journal "
p10
a.