(lp0
S'Stewart Information Services Corporation Announces Cash Dividend Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 HOUSTON, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --  - Stewart Information Services Corporation today announced that in connection with its previously reported cash dividend declared on November 16, 2015, a quarterly payment of $0.30 per share will&nbsp;...Stewart Information Services Corp  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 - BBNS'
p1
aS'Stewart Information Services Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Stewart Information Services Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.3 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 30, 2017.Stock Returns: Stewart Information Services Corporation  versus ... - CML News'
p2
aS'Stewart Information Services Corporation To Review Preliminary Shareholder ... PR Newswire  - Jul 28, 2016 HOUSTON, July 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Stewart Information Services Corporation   today confirmed that Foundation Asset Management, LP  filed with the U.S.Stewart Information Services faces another investor challenge - Houston ChronicleFoundation Asset Management Eyes Big Changes At Stewart Information Services  - Insider Monkey '
p3
aS"Starboard Targets Stewart Information With New 9.9% Stake Bloomberg - Aug 12, 2016 Stewart Information Services Corp. is being targeted by activist Starboard Value LP, which disclosed a new 9.9 percent stake in the property-title insurer, making it the company's biggest investor."
p4
aS'Special Situation: Is Stewart Information Services For Sale? Seeking Alpha - Jun 8, 2016 Stewart Information Services Corporation  is the holding company formed by the Morris and Stewart families in the 1970s to house their old-line land title insurance underwriter Stewart Title Guaranty Company, and their direct title insurance ...'
p5
aS"Stewart Information Services Announces Plan to Create Single Class of Common Stock PR Newswire  - Jan 27, 2016 HOUSTON, Jan. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Stewart Information Services Corporation   today proposed a plan to reclassify the Company's common stock to eliminate its dual class structure.Stewart Information Services restructures stock - Houston Chronicle"
p6
aS'Exclusive: Stewart Information nearing truce with Starboard - sources Reuters - Sep 27, 2016 Stewart Information Services Corp , one of the largest U.S. title insurers, is close to reaching a deal with activist investor Starboard Value LP over the composition of its board of directors, two people familiar with the matter said.'
p7
aS"Houston real estate co.'s CFO to retire Houston Business Journal - Feb 10, 2017 A top executive at Houston-based Stewart Information Services Corp.  is retiring, the company announced in its fourth-quarter earnings statement."
p8
aS'Stewart Information strikes deal with two activist investors Reuters - Oct 18, 2016 Title insurer Stewart Information Services Corp  said on Tuesday it would add four new directors to its board in a deal with activist investor Starboard Value LP.Real estate public company reaches agreements with investors, changes up board - Houston Business JournalStewart Announces Agreement with Starboard on Board Composition and Governance ... - PR Newswire '
p9
aS'Stewart Information Services Corporation  Broker Price Targets For ... Fiscal Standard - 18 hours ago Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of Stewart Information Services Corporation . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 0 brokers&nbsp;...AMERICAS SILVER CORPORATION  EPS Estimated At $-0.01, Stewart Information ... - Wolcott Daily'
p10
a.