(lp0
S'Stewart Enterprises to be acquired by Houston funeral services company NOLA.com - May 29, 2013 Stewart Enterprises Inc. announced Wednesday  that it has reached an agreement to be acquired by fellow funeral home and cemetery operator Service Corp.Service Corporation International To Acquire Stewart Enterprises, Inc. - PR Newswire Stewart Enterprises to be Acquired by Service Corporation International for ... - GlobeNewswire '
p1
aS"Service Corporation International Announces Completion Of Acquisition Of ... PR Newswire  - Dec 23, 2013 HOUSTON, Texas, Dec. 23, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Service Corporation International  announced that today it has completed its acquisition of Stewart Enterprises, Inc. . Under the terms of the merger agreement, each&nbsp;...Nation's largest funeral company completes acquisition of competitor - Houston Business Journal"
p2
aS'Service Corp. required to sell four area funeral homes as part of Stewart ... NOLA.com - Dec 30, 2013 Stewart Enterprises Inc., the Jefferson-based funeral services provider, was acquired by Service Corporation International in a $1.'
p3
aS"Stewart Enterprises' CEO goes, cites differences NOLA.com - Jan 27, 2011 The board appointed Thomas Kitchen, Stewart's senior executive vice president and chief financial officer, to succeed him."
p4
aS'Stewart Enterprises, Inc. : Are Hedge Funds Right About This Stock? Insider Monkey  - Sep 3, 2013 Judging by the fact that Stewart Enterprises, Inc.  has faced bearish sentiment from the top-tier hedge fund industry, we can see that there exists a select few hedge funds that decided to sell off their entire stakes in Q1.What the Stewart Acquisition Means to Service Corp. - Motley Fool'
p5
aS"LA Archdiocese, Burial Co. Slug It Out In $250M Lease Row Law360  - Jan 7, 2016 Wednesday's hearing in Los Angeles saw the archdiocese and mortuary operator Stewart Enterprises continue arguments started last month on their dueling motions for summary judgment in the dispute over whether the religious organization acted within its ..."
p6
aS"Martha Stewart's company sold CNNMoney - Jun 22, 2015 e now have the opportunity to tap into Sequential's expertise and resources to expand our merchandising business both domestically and abroad,&quot; Stewart said in a statement. Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia were down 14% on the news, while&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Vested rights conferred under local ordinance trump conditional use permit ... Lexology  - Jun 24, 2016 On June 23, 2016, in Stewart Enterprises, Inc. v. City of Oakland, __ Cal.App.4th __  , the Court of Appeal for the First Appellate District issued an important decision dealing with whether a new legislative enactment may&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"FTC Approves Divestitures In $1.4B Funeral Co. Merger Law360  - Aug 14, 2014 ... sign off on Service Corporation International's divestiture of certain funeral home and cemetery assets in California, Florida and Texas to address the agency's antitrust concerns surrounding the company's $1.4 billion acquisition of Stewart ..."
p9
aS"Wednesday: Loyola honors Frank Stewart Jr. for ethical entrepreneurship Loyola University New Orleans - Mar 31, 2014 Frank B. Stewart Jr., former chairman of the board for Stewart Enterprises, Inc., will be recognized this week by Loyola University New Orleans' Center for Spiritual Capital for his ethics in business and dedication and service to his faith."
p10
a.