(lp0
S"Carson Block Takes on St. Jude Medical Claiming Hack Risk Bloomberg - Aug 25, 2016 Carson Block, the renowned short-seller and founder of research firm Muddy Waters LLC, has taken a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., denouncing the security of its cardiac devices in an effort that could derail the company's purchase by Abbott&nbsp;...St. Jude's Abbott Merger On Track For Q4 - Benzinga"
p1
aS"Abbott's $30 billion deal for St. Jude Medical not seen as job killer Minneapolis Star Tribune - Apr 28, 2016 Company executives gave no indication that the transition will trigger an outflow of the 3,000 jobs St. Jude has in Minnesota.Abbott to Buy St. Jude Medical in Deal Valued at About $25 Billion - Bloomberg"
p2
aS'St. Jude Medical Warns of Battery Problems With Heart Products Wall Street Journal - Oct 11, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. warned Tuesday that a battery malfunction could cause hundreds of thousands of its implanted heart defibrillators to quickly lose power and stop functioning.Two deaths spark recall of St. Jude heart devices - ReutersSt. Jude Warns Defibrillator Patients About Battery Risks - Bloomberg'
p3
aS'Hired experts back claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked Reuters - Oct 24, 2016 Short-selling firm Muddy Waters said in a legal filing on Monday that outside experts it hired validated its claims that St. Jude Medical Inc cardiac implants are vulnerable to potentially life-threatening cyber attacks. U.S. regulators responded by ...Muddy Waters Fights St. Jude Lawsuit Over Pacemaker Reports - BloombergHired experts support claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked - Fox News'
p4
aS"Short seller Muddy Waters renews claims of St. Jude Medical cyber vulnerabilities MarketWatch - Oct 19, 2016 Short seller Muddy Waters Capital, which holds a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., claimed Wednesday for the second time that the medical device maker's implantable cardiac devices are vulnerable to cyberattack.Abbott, St. Jude Medical Plans to Sell $1.1 Billion in Assets After Deal Closes - Wall Street JournalNew cybersecurity allegations emerge as St. Jude Medical reports mixed ... - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p5
aS"St. Jude hits back at short-seller's cyberattack claims  Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Aug 29, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. is defending itself against charges by a research firm that its devices are vulnerable to hackers, calling the report &quot;false and misleading.St. Jude Medical, Inc. : Still Non-Secure  Muddy Waters - ValueWalkSt. Jude Medical Continues to Refute Allegations made by Muddy Waters Capital ... - Business Wire "
p6
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Sells 2896 Shares of St Jude Medical Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago St Jude Medical logo Federated Investors Inc. PA decreased its position in shares of St Jude Medical Inc  by 43.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Purchases 610 Shares of St Jude Medical Inc  - Community Financial News'
p7
aS"Abbott Labs closes its acquisition of St. Jude Medical Minneapolis Star Tribune - Jan 4, 2017 Abbott Laboratories released no new details Wednesday about integration timelines and personnel changes in Minnesota as it completed its long-planned acquisition of Little Canada-based medical device company St. Jude Medical. The cash-and-stock&nbsp;...Abbott Completes the Acquisition of St. Jude Medical - PR Newswire St. Jude's $25 billion sale to Abbott closes - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal"
p8
aS'St. Jude Medical Sues Short Seller Over Device Allegations Wall Street Journal - Sep 7, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. on Wednesday filed a lawsuit against Muddy Waters Capital LLC, claiming the research firm intentionally made false and misleading claims about its heart devices in order to profit from a decline in its stock.'
p9
aS"FTC Approved Abbott's Acquisition of St. Jude Medical Market Realist - Dec 30, 2016 As per the FTC, the combined company after Abbott's acquisition of St. Jude Medical will have a monopoly over the vascular closure devices market with control of more than 70% of the market.Abbott Acquisition of St. Jude Medical Set to Close on January 4, 2017 - PR Newswire Abbott Laboratories required to divest cardiac device businesses to complete ... - ModernHealthcare.com"
p10
a.