(lp0
S'Sterling Construction Company, Inc. Awarded $22 Million Bridge Project in ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Sterling Construction Company, Inc.   today announced that Myers &amp; Sons Construction , is the apparent low bidder on a $21.9 million bridge project in Stockton, California.'
p1
aS'Investor Update: Checking on Shares of Sterling Construction Company, Inc ... The Standard - 16 hours ago Sterling Construction Company, Inc.  has an EV  of 241019. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.Numbers in Focus for Sterling Construction Company, Inc.  - Davidson Register'
p2
aS'Sterling Construction Company to Acquire a Leading Texas-Based Concrete ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Sterling Construction Company, Inc.   today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to purchase Denton, TX-based Tealstone Construction for approximately $85 million, subject to specified post-closing&nbsp;...Sterling Construction Company Inc : Does Low Debt-Load Make It A ... - Simply Wall StSterling Construction Company, Inc. Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... - Business Wire '
p3
aS"Sterling Construction Company, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity Sports Perspectives - 6 hours ago Sterling Construction Company logo Sterling Construction Company, Inc. 's stock had its buy rating reissued by stock analysts at Canaccord Genuity in a note issued to investors on Tuesday."
p4
aS'IES Holdings Inc versus Sterling Construction Company Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 27, 2017 IES Holdings Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Sterling Construction Company Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p5
aS'Sterling Construction Schedules 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Release and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Sterling Construction Company, Inc. ,  today announced that it plans to issue its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 on Thursday, March 9, 2017 before the stock market opens.'
p6
aS'Sterling Construction Company Names Joseph Cutillo President Business Wire  - Feb 14, 2017 THE WOODLANDS, Texas----Sterling Construction Company, Inc.   today announced that as part of its management development and succession planning process, the Board of Directors has&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Sterling Construction Company, Inc. Joint Venture Selected on $139 Million ... Business Wire  - Feb 6, 2017 THE WOODLANDS, Texas----Sterling Construction Company, Inc.   today announced that a joint venture consisting of its subsidiary, Ralph L. Wadsworth Construction Company, LLC &nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Sterling Construction Company, Inc. Reports 2016 Second Quarter Results Business Wire  - Aug 1, 2016 Sterling is a leading heavy civil construction company that specializes in the building and reconstruction of transportation and water infrastructure projects in Texas, Utah, Nevada, Colorado, Arizona, California, Hawaii, and other states in which ...'
p9
aS'Sterling Construction Company, Inc.  Company Valuation ... Business Review - Mar 28, 2017 The purpose of the Q.i. Value is to help identify companies that are the most undervalued. Typically, the lower the value, the more undervalued the company tends to be.'
p10
a.