(lp0
S'Streamline Health Strikes Reseller Agreement With Allscripts Nasdaq - 19 hours ago  - Streamline Health Solutions Inc.  Tuesday announced a new reseller agreement to provide its Looking Glass Abstracting and Physician Query software solutions to Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. . Allscripts clients ...Streamline Health Announces New Reseller Agreement With Allscripts - Yahoo FinanceNews Buzzer to watch  Streamline Health Solutions , Allscripts ... - Stock News Stop '
p1
aS'Streamline Health Acquires Opportune IT Healthcare Solutions PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 ATLANTA, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions and analytics services supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare enterprises in the new&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Streamline Health Announces Sale Of Its Patient Engagement Solutions To ... PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 ATLANTA, Dec. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions, technology-enabled services and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare&nbsp;...DSS, Inc. Announces Purchase of Patient Engagement and Scheduling Solutions to ... - Business Wire '
p3
aS'Streamline Health Appoints Shaun Priest In Newly Created Position Of Chief ... PR Newswire  - Apr 11, 2016 ATLANTA, April 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare enterprises in the new&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Nebraska Medicine Selects Streamline Health's Coding Audit Services to Confirm ... PR Newswire  - Mar 8, 2017 ATLANTA, March 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions, technology-enabled services and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Streamline Health Solutions Inc.  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment ... The Cerbat Gem - 2 hours ago Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Streamline Health Solutions Inc.  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Wednesday morning.Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  Experiencing Unusual Activity ... - Melville ReviewAre Cagey Traders Interested in Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. ? - Morgan Research'
p6
aS'Streamline Health Announces New Reseller Agreement With himagine solutions PR Newswire  - Dec 9, 2015 About Streamline Health Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  is a healthcare industry leader in capturing, aggregating, and translating enterprise data into knowledge - actionable insights that reduce exposure to risk, enhance operational&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Momentum Targets on Watch For Globus Maritime Limited  Streamline ... Rives Journal - 17 hours ago Globus Maritime Limited  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.'
p8
aS'Trading Indicator Check on Streamline Health Solutions Inc  BVN - 13 hours ago Checking on current RSI levels on shares of Streamline Health Solutions Inc , the 14-day RSI is currently standing at 48.3, the 7-day is at 60.22, and the 3-day is resting at 80.9.'
p9
aS"Analyst mean rating stands at 2.50 while Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.'s ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 18, 2017 Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  stock price ended its day with gain 0.98% and finalized at the value of $1.03. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.04 million shares."
p10
a.