(lp0
S"Regional bank Sterling Bancorp to buy Astoria for $2.2 billion Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 Sterling Bancorp  said it would buy Astoria Financial Corp  in an all-stock deal valued at about $2.2 billion to create the sixth largest regional bank in the New York City area by deposits.Sterling Bancorp and Astoria Financial Corporation Announce Plans to Merge ... - Marketwired Sterling Bancorp's New York State of Mind - Bloomberg"
p1
aS'Sterling Bank gets $15 million facility from Islamic group Guardian - 3 hours ago It would be recalled that the in 2014 and 2015, Sterling Bank received a line of $25 million from the International Islamic Finance Trade Corporation  and $30 million from the ICD, both of which are members of the Islamic Development Bank &nbsp;...Sterling Bank obtains $15m Islamic corporation facility - Daily TrustSterling Bank obtains $15m ICD facility - Nigeria Today'
p2
aS"Avaloq Partners With Warburg Pincus To Accelerate Growth Exchange News Direct - Mar 22, 2017 Warburg Pincus's notable financial services and fintech investments include: AllFunds Bank, Arch Capital, China Huarong Asset Management, FIS/Metavante, HDFC, Interactive Data Corporation, Mellon Bank, Network International, Elavon, Sterling Financial&nbsp;...Warburg Pincus buys stake in Avaloq - Banking Technology"
p3
aS'Stormont crisis: Civil servant holds purse strings as Northern Ireland faces ... Belfast Telegraph - 1 hour ago Amid the political vacuum and the absence of a Budget, Department of Finance Permanent Secretary David Sterling will use powers under Section 59 of the Northern Ireland Act 1998 to release cash and resources to departments from April 2017 until a new ...'
p4
aS"This Rich Bank Deal Is No Big Stretch Bloomberg - 13 hours ago ... Florida-based Stonegate at roughly 2.4 times its tangible book value, making it the most expensive acquisition Home Bancshares has ever struck and a premium to recent regional bank deals, including Sterling Bancorp's purchase of Astoria Financial Corp."
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating MBT ... CML News - Mar 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MBT Financial Corp.  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nimble Storage, MeetMe, Astoria Financial, Sterling ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 [nL3N1GK3NA] ** ASTORIA FINANCIAL CORP &lt;AF.N&gt;, Monday close $18.48, +10.39 pct premarket ** STERLING BANCORP &lt;STL.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nimble Storage, Astoria Financial, Snap and miners' stocks - Times of India"
p7
aS'Behind The Numbers: The outlook for European corporate bond funds Fund Strategy - 19 hours ago Following a disappointing 2015, 2016 turned out to be quite resilient for corporate bonds. The surprising outcome of the Brexit referendum only had a temporary negative impact on European corporate bonds, as quantitative easing by the European Central&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Bankwell Financial Group Inc  versus Park Sterling ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bankwell Financial Group Inc  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Insider Trading Activity Park Sterling Corporation   Director ... - Market ExclusivePark Sterling Corp  Coverage Initiated at Brean Capital - Community Financial News'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Premier ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Premier Financial Bancorp Inc  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...Park Sterling Corp  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by Brokerages - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.