(lp0
S"People's United Financial, Inc. Announces Federal Reserve Board Approval of ... PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 BRIDGEPORT, Conn., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- As announced by The Federal Reserve Board on March 16, 2017, People's United Financial, Inc.  has received approval by the Board of Governors of The Federal Reserve for the&nbsp;...Federal Reserve Board announces approval of application by People's United ... - EIN News "
p1
aS"Federal Reserve approves $402M takeover of Suffolk Bancorp Newsday - Mar 17, 2017 The Federal Reserve Board of Governors has approved the $402 million acquisition of Suffolk Bancorp by Bridgeport, Connecticut-based People's United Financial, People's said Friday.People's United Gets Fed Approval to Buy Suffolk Bancorp - Yahoo FinanceMerger of Suffolk County National Bank with People's United approved by ... - RiverheadLOCAL"
p2
aS"Suffolk Bancorp shareholders green-light merger with People's United Financial RiverheadLOCAL - Oct 15, 2016 Suffolk Bancorp shareholders this week overwhelmingly approved the merger of Suffolk and People's United Financial Inc. The proposed merger was approved Thursday by a vote of more than 80 percent of the shares eligible to vote - and more than 97&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Suffolk Bancorp Stats 27east.com - Feb 21, 2017 Suffolk Bancorp Inc., parent company of Suffolk County National Bank, recently released results for the fourth quarter of 2016 and the full year, showing a net income of $21.5 million, a 20.3-percent increase over 2015.Insider Trading Activity Suffolk Bancorp   Director Sold 10000 ... - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS"People's United Bank  to Acquire Suffolk Bancorp  in $402M Deal StreetInsider.com - Jun 27, 2016 People's United Financial, Inc. , the holding company for People's United Bank, N.A., announced today a definitive agreement pursuant to which People's United Financial will acquire Suffolk Bancorp , of Riverhead, NY, the&nbsp;...People's United to buy Suffolk Bancorp for $402 million - NewsdaySuffolk Bancorp  to be Acquired by People's United Bank - Small Cap Exclusive "
p5
aS'Suffolk County National Bank Announces Layoffs Due To Pending Merger ... 27east.com - Nov 9, 2016 On Tuesday, Howard C. Bluver, the CEO and president of Suffolk BanCorp, the parent company of Suffolk County National Bank, confirmed that layoffs eventually will happen at the branch level, though he does not expect offices located in Southampton and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Shareholder lawsuit seeks to halt Suffolk County National Bank merger SoutholdLOCAL - Aug 15, 2016 A Suffolk Bancorp shareholder has filed a federal lawsuit seeking to block the company's merger with People's United Financial Inc. In a complaint filed Aug. 4 in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, shareholder Paul Parshall claims that Suffolk Bancorp&nbsp;...People's United Bank faces opposition in proposed acquisition of New York bank - CT Post"
p7
aS"People's United officials say they hope to close on Suffolk Bancorp deal this ... SoutholdLOCAL - Jan 30, 2017 While People's United Financial and Suffolk Bancorp await regulatory approval of the proposed acquisition of the Riverhead bank by People's United, the two companies continue to work on combining their operations, People's United president and CEP Jack&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Suffolk County National Bank laying off 76, filing shows Newsday - Nov 1, 2016 The reason for the layoffs is that Suffolk Bancorp, the bank's Riverhead-based holding company, is being acquired by Connecticut-based People's United Financial Inc., according to a WARN notice posted on the state Department of Labor's website."
p9
aS'Zacks: Suffolk Bancorp  Given $32.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Sports Perspectives - 19 hours ago Suffolk Bancorp logo Shares of Suffolk Bancorp  have earned an average broker rating score of 0.00  from the four brokers that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.The Analysts Expect Suffolk Bancorp  to Post $0.43 EPS - Petro Global News 24Suffolk Bancorp - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p10
a.