(lp0
S"Is buying Superior Industries International Inc  for its upcoming $0.18 ... Simply Wall St - Mar 27, 2017 Investors who want to cash in on Superior Industries International's  upcoming dividend of $0.18 have only 3 days left to buy the shares before the so called ex-dividend date on the Fri 31 Mar 2017.B. Riley Upgrades Superior Industries International Inc  to Buy - Chaffey BreezeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Superior Industries International, Inc ... - Fiscal Standard"
p1
aS'Superior Industries International Inc.   Moves Lower on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - 9 hours ago Superior Industries International Inc.   traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 28, as the stock lost 0.39% to close at $25.35.Superior Industries International Inc  Receives $29.17 Consensus PT from ... - Chaffey BreezeLatest Stocks: The Superior Industries International Inc  Upgraded to ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"Is Superior Industries a Suitable Stock for Value Investors? Nasdaq - 18 hours ago Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p3
aS'Metaldyne Performance Group Inc versus Superior Industries International Inc ... CML News - 17 hours ago Superior Industries International Inc has a higher fundamental rating then Metaldyne Performance Group Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p4
aS"Superior Industries Announces Transformative Acquisition of Germany-based ... Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2017 SOUTHFIELD, Mich.----Superior Industries International, Inc.  , the largest manufacturer of aluminum wheels for light vehicles in North America, announced today that it will commence a tender offer for 100% of the&nbsp;...Superior Industries offers to buy Uniwheels for $715 million - Crain's Detroit BusinessSuperior Industries: Uniwheels Acquisition Does Not Strike Me As A Superior Deal - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"Superior Industries  to Acquire UNIWHEELS for $715M Yahoo Finance - Mar 24, 2017 Post buyout, Superior will become a leading global supplier of aluminum wheels. The acquisition will also help in diversifying the company's customer base and end markets. In addition, the deal is likely to expand Superior's geographic reach and ...Blog Coverage Superior Industries Acquires UNIWHEELS; Plans to Expand in the ... - Baystreet.ca"
p6
aS"Superior Industries International's  CEO Donald Stebbins on Q4 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 Good day, everyone and welcome to the Superior Industries Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. For opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Kerry Shiba, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer."
p7
aS'Should You Expect Superior Industries International Inc  To Deliver A ... Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 Superior Industries International Inc  delivered 10.2% ROE over the past year, compared to 16.16% generated by its industry.Superior Industries  Beats on Q4 Earnings &amp; Revenues - NasdaqSuperior Industries International Inc.   Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... - Equities.com'
p8
aS"Superior Industries International's  CEO Don Stebbins on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 27, 2016 Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Superior Industries Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. For opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Kerry Shiba, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer."
p9
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Superior Industries International  Stock Gets ... Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 Superior Industries International, Inc. is engaged in the design and manufacture of aluminum wheels for sale to original equipment manufacturers .Superior Industries International Inc.   Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... - Equities.comSuperior Industries International Inc  Stock Rating Upgraded by B. Riley - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.