(lp0
S"Synergetics USA  Stock Soars After Being Acquired by Valeant TheStreet.com - Sep 2, 2015 &quot;We rate SYNERGETICS USA INC  a HOLD. The primary factors that have impacted our rating are mixed - some indicating strength, some showing weaknesses, with little evidence to justify the expectation of either a positive or negative performance&nbsp;...Quebec's Valeant buys Synergetics USA for $192M - CBC.caValeant Pharmaceuticals To Acquire Synergetics USA - PR Newswire "
p1
aS"Synergetic's Contingent Value Rights Appear To Have A Good Chance Of Achieving ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 16, 2015 Synergetics  is a small cap medical device &amp; equipment company that is set to be acquired by Valeant .Valeant completes acquisition of Synergetics - STLtoday.com"
p2
aS"Synergetics USA Announces Plan to Close King of Prussia, PA Facility and to ... Marketwired  - Oct 1, 2013 O'FALLON, MO-- - Synergetics USA , announced today that it plans to close its King of Prussia, Pennsylvania facility and consolidate the manufacturing operations into its existing facility in O'Fallon ..."
p3
aS'Synergetics USA  Acquires Sterimedix Ltd. for $13.5M StreetInsider.com  - Dec 10, 2014 Synergetics USA, Inc. , a medical device company that designs, manufactures, and markets innovative surgical devices for ophthalmic and neurosurgical applications, today announced it has acquired Sterimedix Limited ,&nbsp;...Synergetics Acquires UK-Based Manufacturer Sterimedix Ltd. - Marketwired '
p4
aS"Synergetics USA: A Growth Story Amidst An Aging Population Seeking Alpha - Aug 28, 2012 The technological leader in these sophisticated microsurgical devices is Synergetics USA . Synergetics, based in O'Fallon, Missouri, was founded in 1991 in the proverbial garage, by a mechanical engineer and an instrument maker."
p5
aS"Stryker  to Acquire Synergetics USA's Neuro Portfolio in All-Cash Deal StreetInsider.com - Feb 10, 2016 Stryker Corporation  announced a definitive agreement to acquire all of the assets associated with Synergetics USA, Inc.'s neuro portfolio in an all cash transaction. The portfolio includes the Malis generator, Spetzler Malis disposable ..."
p6
aS"Synergetics USA Announces New Vitrectomy Products at American Academy of ... Business Wire  - Oct 27, 2011 O'FALLON, Mo.----Synergetics USA, Inc. , a medical device company that designs, manufactures, and markets innovative devices for ophthalmic and neurosurgical applications, today announced two new ophthalmic&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Synergetics Introduces the VersaVIT 2.0 Marketwired  - Jun 9, 2014 O'FALLON, MO-- - Synergetics USA, Inc. , a medical device company that designs, manufactures, and markets innovative surgical devices for ophthalmic and neurosurgical applications, today announced the&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Synergetics Signs Definitive Agreement with Stryker Covering the Omni Business Wire  - Nov 10, 2009 O'FALLON, Mo.----Synergetics USA, Inc.  today announced that it had signed a definitive agreement with Stryker Corporation  in conjunction with the planned acquisition by Stryker of certain assets from Mutoh&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Synergetics Investor Takes Aim At Valeant Deal Law360  - Sep 30, 2015 The proposed stockholder class action, filed Monday, accuses Synergetics USA Inc.'s directors of breaching their fiduciary duties when negotiating and agreeing to an up to $190 million acquisition by pharmaceutical giant Valeant Pharmaceuticals&nbsp;..."
p10
a.