(lp0
S"Here's How Sunoco LP's Management Thinks It Can Turn Things Around in 2017 Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 2016 was supposed to be a great year for Sunoco LP . The company completed a multi-billion dollar acquisition from its parent company and it also made some other acquisitions that were supposed to fuel growth.Highly Traded Stock: Sunoco LP  - HugoPressSunoco LP  Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS'Sunoco LP  Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy BBNS - 2 hours ago Sunoco logo Sunoco LP  was upgraded by research analysts at Vetr from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday.Vetr Inc. covered Sunoco LP , upping its target price to $26.29 today - Breaking Finance News'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Plains GP Holdings, LP  versus Sunoco LP  CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Plains GP Holdings, L.P.  versus Sunoco LP  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p3
aS"6 Fuel Takeaways From Sunoco LP CSPDailyNews.com - Feb 27, 2017 DALLAS -- Sunoco LP's 2016 buying spree is showing up in its fuel performance for the year and its final quarter. In a fourth-quarter 2016 earnings call, CEO Bob Owens pointed to several of the Dallas-based partnership's acquisitions for improved ..."
p4
aS'Market Survey: Checking on Shares of Sunoco LP  Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Sunoco LP  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.255028. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Sunoco LP  versus Teekay Offshore Partners LP  CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sunoco LP  versus Teekay Offshore Partners L.P.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p6
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Sunoco LP  Fiscal Standard - 18 hours ago Stock market analysts and brokers have recently amended their target prices on shares of Sunoco LP . According to the latest research reports released, 2 analysts have issued a rating of buy, 3 analysts outperform, 12 analysts hold,&nbsp;...Digging Up the Facts on Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  - StockNewsJournalSUNOCO LOGISTICS PARTNERS LP  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive'
p7
aS'Company Focus on Shares of Sunoco LP  Searcy News - 3 hours ago Taking a closer look at some quality ratios for Sunoco LP , the firm has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.255028.'
p8
aS'Latest Stocks: Vetr Inc. Downgrades Sunoco LP  to Hold Petro Global News 24 - Mar 26, 2017 Sunoco LP  was downgraded by Vetr from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report issued on Tuesday.Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Acquires 133 Shares of Sunoco LP  - Chaffey BreezeSunoco LP  Downgraded by Vetr Inc. - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: Sunoco LP , Darling Ingredients Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 8, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Sunoco LP  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -5.21 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 6.85 and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.