(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reiterates Positive on Intel ... Market Exclusive - 13 hours ago The current consensus rating on Intel  is Buy  with a consensus target price of $40.03 per share, a potential 13.11% upside.Intel Co.  Short Interest Update - The Cerbat GemIntel Co.  Earns Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird - BBNS'
p1
aS"Micron Technology, Inc.  Earns Positive Rating from Susquehanna ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 27, 2017 Micron Technology logo Micron Technology, Inc. 's stock had its positive rating reiterated by equities research analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. They currently have a&nbsp;...Latest Stocks: The Micron Technology, Inc.  Price Target Raised to $35.00 - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'Snap Inc  Research Coverage Started at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Chaffey Breeze - Mar 28, 2017 Snap logo Equities research analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc began coverage on shares of Snap Inc  in a research report issued on Friday.Snap Inc  Receives Sell Rating from Summit Research - The Cerbat GemLatest Stocks: The Snap Inc  Now Covered by Morgan Stanley - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Pure Storage Inc  Receives Neutral Rating from Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Chaffey Breeze - Mar 28, 2017 Pure Storage Inc logo Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Pure Storage Inc  in a research note released on Friday.'
p4
aS'Shoe Carnival Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily BBNS - 14 hours ago Shoe Carnival, Inc. logo Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Shoe Carnival, Inc.  in a research report sent to investors on Monday morning.Shoe Carnival, Inc.  Earns Neutral Rating from Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - Community Financial NewsFY2018 Earnings Estimate for Shoe Carnival, Inc.  Issued By Jefferies Group - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS"Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Increases Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Price ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 21, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices logo Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  had its price objective upped by investment analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc from $9.00 to $12.00 in a research note issued on Monday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc's&nbsp;...Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Price Target Raised to $12.00 at ... - Community Financial News"
p6
aS"Corning's  Positive Rating Reaffirmed at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc The Cerbat Gem - Mar 22, 2017 Corning Incorporated logo Susquehanna Bancshares Inc restated their positive rating on shares of Corning Incorporated  in a research note released on Tuesday.The Corning's  Positive Rating Reaffirmed at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - Petro Global News 24Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms Positive Rating for Corning Incorporated ... - Sports Perspectives"
p7
aS'The Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Lowers Under Armour Inc  to Petro Global News 24 - Mar 26, 2017 Under Armour Inc  was downgraded by analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc in a note issued to investors on Monday.Under Armour Inc  Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy - The Cerbat GemUnder Armour Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p8
aS"The Nike Inc  Earns Positive Rating from Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Petro Global News 24 - Mar 23, 2017 Susquehanna Bancshares Inc restated their positive rating on shares of Nike Inc  in a report released on Friday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc currently has a $64.00 price target on the footwear maker's stock, down from their prior price target ...Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms Positive Rating for Nike Inc  - Chaffey BreezeNike Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - The Cerbat Gem"
p9
aS"Alphabet Inc  Given Positive Rating at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Chaffey Breeze - Mar 19, 2017 Alphabet logo Alphabet Inc 's stock had its positive rating restated by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc in a report released on Sunday.Latest Stocks: The Alphabet's  Positive Rating Reiterated at ... - Petro Global News 24"
p10
a.