(lp0
S'Federal Judge Deals Swift Transportation Legal Setback Wall Street Journal - Jan 12, 2017 A federal judge in Arizona has ruled that Swift Transportation Co. improperly treated some of its drivers as contractors rather than employees, a legal setback that opens the biggest U.S.'
p1
aS'Swift Transportation Co  Rating Lowered to Equal Weight at Barclays PLC The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Swift Transportation logo Swift Transportation Co  was downgraded by research analysts at Barclays PLC from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating in a report issued on Friday.Analysts Speculate on: Swift Transportation Co  - Post RegistrarLongbow Research Upgrades Swift Transportation Co to Buy - Money Flow Index & Trends'
p2
aS"Swift Transportation CEO Jerry Moyes to Retire at Year's End Wall Street Journal - Sep 8, 2016 Swift Transportation Co. Chief Executive Jerry Moyes, who over 50 years built one of the largest U.S. trucking companies, will retire at the end of the year, the company said Thursday."
p3
aS"Swift Transportation celebrates 50th anniversary azcentral.com - Sep 16, 2016 A celebration of Swift Transportation Co.'s 50th year in business Thursday turned into a celebration of company founder Jerry Moyes, who announced last week he is retiring at year's end."
p4
aS"Founder and CEO of Swift Transportation Company Announces Retirement Business Wire  - Sep 8, 2016 PHOENIX----Swift Transportation Company , a leader in transportation solutions and one of the nation's largest truckload providers, today announced the retirement of Founder and CEO Jerry Moyes, effective as of December&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Swift Transportation  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 25, 2016 So with that out of the way, I'd like to recognize the members of Swift's management team on the line today. We have Richard Stocking, our President and Co-Chief Executive Officer; and Ginnie Henkels, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial ..."
p6
aS"Hot Stock Overview: Swift Transportation Company  HugoPress - Mar 24, 2017 Longbow Research Upgrades Swift Transportation Company 's stock to Buy with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 3/21/17.Brokers Alert: Swift Transportation Co  - Post RegistrarSwift Transportation Co  Position Cut by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY - BNB Daily "
p7
aS"Swift Stock Pledged in a Settlement With the NHL Wall Street Journal - May 3, 2016 Swift Transportation Co. Chief Executive Jerry Moyes, months after he and his company's board said they would scale back his practice of pledging stock as collateral for personal debts, gave shares to his children that were then used to help settle a ..."
p8
aS"Swift Transportation shares jump on founder's retirement, new CEO MarketWatch - Sep 8, 2016 Swift Transportation Co. SWFT, -0.94% shares rose in the extended session Thursday after the trucking company announced its founder and chief executive Jerry Moyes would retire."
p9
aS"Swift Transportation CEO Restructures Family Debts Wall Street Journal - May 24, 2016 Swift Transportation Co. Chief Executive Jerry Moyes has restructured family financial obligations to reduce his exposure if the trucking company's share price falls."
p10
a.