(lp0
S'Why Is Southwestern Energy  Down 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Southwestern Energy Company SWN. Shares have lost about 9.5% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Analyst Activity  Stifel Nicolaus Initiates Coverage On Southwestern Energy ... - Market ExclusiveHighly Traded Stock: Southwestern Energy Company  - HugoPress'
p1
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: Southwestern Energy Company , Synergy ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Sizling Stock Update: Southwestern Energy Company  - HugoPressStock Movers- Goldcorp Inc.  , Southwestern Energy Company '
p2
aS"Commit To Buy Southwestern Energy Company At $3, Earn 7.3% Using Options Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Investors eyeing a purchase of Southwestern Energy Company  shares, but tentative about paying the going market price of $7.58/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.Are Chesapeake Energy and Southwestern Energy Impacted by the Fed's Rate Increase? - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"What Does The Chart For Southwestern Energy Company  Tell Us Presently? NY Stock News - 13 hours ago Southwestern Energy Company  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p4
aS'Computer Sciences Set to Join S&amp;P 500; Southwestern Energy to Join S&amp;P MidCap 400 Yahoo Finance - 9 hours ago Southwestern Energy Company engages in the exploration, development, and production of natural gas and oil. Headquartered in Spring, TX, the company will be added to the S&amp;P MidCap 400 GICS Oil &amp; Gas Exploration &amp; Production Sub-Industry index.'
p5
aS"Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Southwestern Energy Company ... The USA Commerce - 16 hours ago Presently Southwestern Energy Company  stock have an ABR of 2.67. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell."
p6
aS'Shares in Review: Southwestern Energy Company  Rives Journal - 9 hours ago Southwestern Energy Company  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.138496. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p7
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Southwestern Energy Company Realized Volatility ... CML News - 10 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Southwestern Energy Company  has seen its stock price whip around at an escalated level.'
p8
aS'The Technical Chart For Southwestern Energy Company  Is Very Revealing Today NY Stock News - Mar 27, 2017 The technicals for Southwestern Energy Company  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p9
aS'Still A Value Trap?  Southwestern Energy Company , Rite Aid Corporation ... USA Commerce Daily - Mar 27, 2017 Shares of Southwestern Energy Company  observed rebound of 7.69% since bottoming out at $7.07 on Mar. 28, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -0.92% in the past five days, the stock price is now&nbsp;...'
p10
a.