(lp0
S"Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Standex Int'l Corp.  Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago Standex Int'l Corp. logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm ...Goldman Initiated Hanesbrands 's Coverage, Standex International (SXI ... - Wolcott Daily"
p1
aS"Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Acquires 6610 Shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 Standex Int'l Corp. logo Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  by 102.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Latest Stocks: The Standex Int'l Corp.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24Standex Int'l Corp.  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy - Community Financial News"
p2
aS"Latest Stocks: The Standex Int'l Corp.  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 20, 2017 Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Wednesday morning."
p3
aS"Zacks: Standex Int'l Corp.  Given Consensus Rating of  by Brokerages Chaffey Breeze - Mar 22, 2017 Standex Int'l Corp. logo Shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  have earned an average broker rating score of 0.00  from the two brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Celsius Holdings, Inc.  EPS Estimated At $0.00; Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI ... - Herald KS"
p4
aS"Zacks: Standex Int'l Corp.  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - Mar 17, 2017 Standex Int'l Corp. logo Shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  have been given a consensus broker rating score of 2.00  from the two analysts that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Latest Stocks: The Standex Int'l Corp.  Shares Sold by Fmr LLC - Petro Global News 24Standex Int'l Corp. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS"
p5
aS"Latest Stocks: The Standex Int'l Corp.  Stake Held by Public Sector ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Public Sector Pension Investment Board continued to hold its position in shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Standex Int'l Corp.  Shares Sold by Fmr LLC - The Cerbat GemStandex Int'l Corp.  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS"The Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Acquires 6610 Shares of Standex Int'l ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its position in shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  by 102.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Standex Int'l Corp.  Reaches $94.65 After 9.00% Gap Down, Shiloh ... - MoneyMakingArticles"
p7
aS"Should You Buy Standex Int'l Corp. ? Insider Monkey  - Dec 16, 2016 According to Insider Monkey's hedge fund database, AQR Capital Management, led by Cliff Asness, holds the number one position in Standex Int'l Corp. . AQR Capital Management has a $7.1 million position in the stock. The second largest stake&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Analysts Anticipate Standex Int'l Corp.  to Announce $1.05 Earnings Per Share Chaffey Breeze - Mar 6, 2017 Standex Int'l Corp. logo Standex Int'l Corp.  has earned a consensus broker rating score of 2.00  from the two brokers that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.The Credit Agricole SA Reduces Position in Standex Int'l Corp.  - DailyQuint"
p9
aS"Standex Int'l Corp.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 4, 2017 Standex Int'l Corp. logo Standex Int'l Corp.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday."
p10
a.