(lp0
S'Lifevantage Corporation versus Synutra International Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 17 hours ago Lifevantage Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Synutra International Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p1
aS"Synutra International, Inc. Shares Pop on Its Big News Motley Fool - Nov 18, 2016 Synutra International, Inc. , the Chinese company that makes baby formula and other supplements, announced on Thursday after the market closed that the company is going private in an equity buyout.22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session - Benzinga"
p2
aS'Synutra: A Merger Arbitrage Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 On January 14, 2016, Synutra International, Inc., received a non-binding proposal letter from Mr. Liang Zhang, Chairman and CEO of Synutra, and an affiliated entity to acquire all of the outstanding common stock for $5.91 in cash per share.Synutra CEO strikes deal to take company private - just-food.com '
p3
aS'Synutra Announces Record Date and Meeting Date for Special Meeting of Stockholders PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 QINGDAO, China and ROCKVILLE, Md., March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Synutra International, Inc. , , which owns subsidiaries in China that produce, distribute and sell nutritional products for infants, children ...'
p4
aS'Investor Update: Checking on Shares of Synutra International, Inc.  The Standard - 13 hours ago Tracking shares of Synutra International, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 859726.'
p5
aS'Synutra International, Inc. Commences Construction of New Drying Facility in ... PR Newswire  - Jan 14, 2014 14, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Synutra International, Inc. , , which owns subsidiaries in China that produce, market and sell nutritional products for infants, children and adults, announced the commencement of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Law Firms Cast Chill On Synutra Buyout Bid Seeking Alpha - Jan 19, 2016 This new wrinkle in the wave of privatization bids for US-listed Chinese companies comes after Synutra became the latest to get an offer from a management-led group to take the company private. At least three firms say the offer undervalues the company.'
p7
aS'Breaking: Synutra International Inc  Stock Through Resistance ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Breaking: Synutra International Inc  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p8
aS"Synutra: A Golden Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Sep 9, 2015 The company's first quarter was mixed, because the competition in the Chinese infant milk formula has been fierce and will continue to be tough going forward."
p9
aS"Synutra Enters into Definitive Merger Agreement for &quot;Going Private&quot; Transaction PR Newswire  - Nov 17, 2016 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Synutra International, Inc. , , which owns subsidiaries in China that produce, distribute and sell nutritional products for infants, children and adults, today announced it has entered ...Synutra  to be Acquired for $6.05/Share in 'Going Private' Transaction - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.