(lp0
S'Transgenomic Inc  Could Be A Near Term Recovery Play Insider Financial - Feb 27, 2017 We looked at Transgenomic Inc  early January, in response to the company logging a 300% twenty four hour run on the back of a seemingly innocuous press release.'
p1
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Monteverde &amp; Associates PC Announces an Investigation of ... PR Newswire  - Feb 13, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Juan Monteverde, founder and managing partner at Monteverde &amp; Associates PC, a boutique securities firm headquartered at the Empire State Building in New York City, is investigating Transgenomic, Inc.'
p2
aS"Transgenomic Inc  Is This Weeks Big Biotech Runner Insider Financial - Jan 13, 2017 We're always on the lookout for biotech runners, and one that's impossible to overlook right now is Transgenomic Inc . The company gained close to 300% on Thursday, and looks set to continue its run into the end of the week. The driver?Overbuying Stock in the Spotlight: Transgenomic Inc  - Post Registrar"
p3
aS'Transgenomic Inc  Might Be Just About To Announce Its Merger Close Insider Financial - Dec 14, 2016 Transgenomic Inc  is running up at the moment, despite no real fundamental developments, and currently sits more than 130% up on its November lows.Two Technology Stocks Are Hot: Transgenomic, Inc. , Teradyne, Inc.  - The Independent Republic'
p4
aS'Transgenomic and Precipio Diagnostics Announce Planned Merger Business Wire  - Oct 13, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--Transgenomic, Inc. , and privately-held Precipio Diagnostics, LLC today announced entry into a merger agreement, pursuant to which Precipio will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Transgenomic, and Transgenomic&nbsp;...Transgenomic, Precipio Diagnostics Ink Merger Agreement - GenomeWebTransgenomic, Precipio Diagnostics to Merge - Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News '
p5
aS'Transgenomic Provides Update on Its Planned Merger and Reports Change in ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Transgenomic, Inc.   today reported that trading in its shares will begin on the OTCQB exchange under the ticker TBIO effective at the open of business on February 22, 2017.'
p6
aS"Transgenomic Announces Leading Clinical Laboratory Services Provider LifeLabs ... Business Wire  - Jan 12, 2017 OMAHA, Neb.----Transgenomic, Inc.  , today announced a licensing agreement with leading Canadian laboratory services provider LifeLabs, which has selected Transgenomic's ICE COLD-PCR  technology as&nbsp;...Transgenomic , LifeLabs Ink Mutation Enrichment Technology Deal - Galaxy Stocks  Stock to Watch: Transgenomic Inc.  - TRA"
p7
aS"Transgenomic's Niche In Illumina's Universe Seeking Alpha  - Sep 4, 2014 Transgenomic Inc has become one of the least expensive stocks in Biotechnology and Life Sciences after loosing 93% of market cap since the IPO in 2000."
p8
aS"Transgenomic Acquires ScoliScore Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis Prognostic ... Business Wire  - Aug 28, 2012 OMAHA, Neb.----Transgenomic, Inc.  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the global rights to Axial Biotech's ScoliScore Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis  Prognostic Test for a ..."
p9
aS"CTD Holdings  Analysts See $0.00 EPS, Transgenomic 's Sentiment Is 1.2 Herald KS - 21 hours ago Transgenomic Inc  investors sentiment decreased to 1.2 in Q4 2016. It's down -0.60, from 1.8 in 2016Q3. The ratio has dropped, as 6 funds increased and started new equity positions, while 5 reduced and sold their equity positions in&nbsp;..."
p10
a.