(lp0
S"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Calls on Taubman Centers to Tighten Up or Explore Sale Wall Street Journal - Oct 18, 2016 A prominent real-estate investor is calling on Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators, to tighten its belt or explore selling itself.Activist looks to shake up Taubman Centers - Seeking AlphaLand and Buildings Investment urges Taubman Centers to explore options - Reuters"
p1
aS'Taubman Centers  Down 6.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Taubman Centers, Inc. TCO. Shares have lost about 6.5% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Taubman Centers, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold from ... - BNB Daily '
p2
aS"Activist Investor Targets Mall Operator Taubman Centers Wall Street Journal  - Mar 2, 2017 Activist investor Jonathan Litt's hedge fund on Thursday escalated its battle with the management of mall operator Taubman Centers Inc., putting forth two candidates for election to the board at the firm's annual meeting later this year. Land ...Taubman Centers boosts dividend by 5% - MarketWatchReal estate activist Litt launches proxy fight at Taubman - Reuters"
p3
aS'Taubman Centers, Inc. declares regular quarterly dividend of $0.625 per share ... EPR Retail News  - Mar 6, 2017 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich, 2017-Mar-06 - /EPR Retail News/ - The Board of Directors of Taubman Centers, Inc.  today  declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.625 per share of common stock, an increase of 5 percent.'
p4
aS"Land And Buildings Letter To Taubman Centers Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 Since our initial engagement with the Company last year, we have been deeply disappointed with the lack of response you, as independent directors, as well as management, have undertaken to unlock the Company's substantial trapped value."
p5
aS"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Says Family's Stake in Taubman Centers May Violate ... Wall Street Journal - Dec 13, 2016 Activist investor Jonathan Litt is looking to break the controlling power of the Taubman family in Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators.Activist: The &quot;Achilles Heel&quot; of Taubman family's control over Taubman Centers - Seeking AlphaLand and Buildings Issues Letter on the Achilles Heel of the Taubman Family's ... - Business Wire "
p6
aS"Taubman Centers to Present at the Citi 2017 Global Property CEO Conference Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Taubman Centers, Inc.  today announced that Robert S. Taubman, chairman, president and chief executive officer, and Simon J. Leopold, chief financial officer, will participate in a company roundtable presentation to the investment community at the ...Taubman Centers, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $69.76 while ends ... - Hot Stocks PointTaubman Centers, Inc.  Shares Sold by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. - Community Financial News"
p7
aS'Would You Buy Taubman Centers, Inc.  On These Analyst Ratings? Fiscal Standard - Mar 27, 2017 Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of Taubman Centers, Inc. . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 1 brokers have issued a rating&nbsp;...Latest Stocks: The Norges Bank Acquires New Stake in Taubman Centers, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24Taubman Centers, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research - BNB Daily '
p8
aS'Mystery REIT Shopper: Taubman Centers Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 The Mall is owned by The Forbes Company and Taubman Centers  and was designed by JPRA Architects and features award-winning lighting[ by Paul Gregory, glass elevators, and fountains.Taubman Centers, Inc. Issues Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results and ... - Business Wire '
p9
aS"Taubman Centers Inc.: Taubman Schedules First Quarter Earnings Release and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 16, 2017 www.taubman.com. For ease of use, references in this press release to 'Taubman Centers,' 'company,' 'Taubman' or an operating platform mean Taubman Centers, Inc. and/or one or more of a number of separate, affiliated entities. Business is actually&nbsp;...Taubman Centers, Inc.  Receives $77.67 Consensus Target Price from Analysts - Sports PerspectivesAnalysts Set Expectations for Taubman Centers, Inc.'s Q1 2017 Earnings  - Chaffey Breeze"
p10
a.