(lp0
S'Tecumseh Products Co. Announces Leadership Change ACHR NEWS - Mar 15, 2016 Tecumseh Products Co. announced that Harold Karp has stepped down as president and CEO of the compressor manufacturer. He is succeeded by Doug Murdock, who most recently served as president of the Climate Products Group at Mueller Industries&nbsp;...Change at the top at Tecumseh - Cooling Post'
p1
aS'Tecumseh Products Company Announces Addition to Board PR Newswire  - Oct 31, 2014 ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 31, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Tecumseh Products Company , a leading global manufacturer of compressors and related products, announced today the addition of Mr. Mitchell I. Quain to its Board of Directors.'
p2
aS'Tecumseh Products Co. to be Acquired by Affiliate of Mueller Industries and ... ACHR NEWS - Aug 6, 2015 Tecumseh Products Co., a leading manufacturer of refrigeration and air conditioning compressors, announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement under which an affiliate of Mueller Industries Inc. and Atlas Holdings LLC will acquire&nbsp;...Tecumseh Products acquired in deal that increases stock value by 155 percent - MLive.com'
p3
aS"Tecumseh Products founding family out; stock price soars Crain's Detroit Business - Jan 28, 2013 For the first time in its 83-year company history, there are no Herrick family members at Tecumseh Products Co. -- and investors don't seem too concerned."
p4
aS'Mueller Industries &amp; Atlas Holdings Complete Tender Offer for Tecumseh ... Business Wire  - Sep 21, 2015 MEMPHIS, Tenn. &amp; GREENWICH, Conn.----Mueller Industries, Inc.   and Atlas Holdings LLC , today announced the successful completion of the tender offer for Tecumseh Products&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Tecumseh Products Company Announces Appointments of Chief Restructuring ... PR Newswire  - Mar 4, 2014 ANN ARBOR, Mich., March 4, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Tecumseh Products Company , a leading global manufacturer of compressors and related products, announced today that Igor Popov will be joining our organization as Chief&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Tecumseh Products Company Announces Appointment of Stephanie Hickman Boyse to ... PR Newswire  - Feb 11, 2013 ANN ARBOR, Mich., Feb. 11, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Tecumseh Products Company , a leading global manufacturer of compressors and related products, announced that Stephanie Hickman Boyse was named today to its board of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"EPA to review cleanup plan for former Tecumseh Products site The Daily Telegram - Mar 4, 2016 Officials with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will review the final corrective measures proposal put forth by the Tecumseh Products Co. for its contaminated site in Tecumseh. EPA spokesman Josh Singer said Tecumseh Products' cleanup plan was&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Tecumseh Products names Harold Karp fourth CEO in five years Crain's Detroit Business - Jun 30, 2014 Ann Arbor-based Tecumseh Products Co.  has its fourth CEO in five years, after its board of directors accepted the resignation of James Connor and gave recent board appointee Harold Karp an interim appointment."
p9
aS'Why Tecumseh Products  Stock Is Falling On Monday TheStreet.com - May 12, 2014 NEW YORK  -- Shares of Tecumseh Products Co.  are down -4.41% to $5.84 on Monday after the company reported a net loss and a decrease in revenue for the 2014 first quarter.'
p10
a.