(lp0
S'Wisconsin Energy completes acquisition of Integrys to form WEC Energy Group PR Newswire  - Jun 29, 2015 MILWAUKEE, June 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Wisconsin Energy Corporation announced today it has completed the acquisition of Integrys Energy - forming the WEC Energy Group . The new company will ... Budney, 68, is the former president and ...Wisconsin Energy Completes $9.1B Integrys Acquisition - Natural Gas IntelligenceWe Energies completes acquisition of WPS, Integrys - Green Bay Press Gazette'
p1
aS'Wisconsin Energy  to Acquire Integrys  in $9.1B Deal StreetInsider.com  - Jun 23, 2014 Wisconsin Energy  and Integrys Energy Group Inc.  announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Wisconsin Energy will acquire Integrys in a transaction valued at $9.1 billion. Upon completion of the&nbsp;...Wisconsin Energy Corp to Acquire Integrys Energy for $9.1B  - Dividend.comWisconsin Energy Agrees to Buy Integrys for $5.7 Billion - Bloomberg'
p2
aS'WEC invests $230 million in natural gas storage site Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Feb 1, 2017 The acquisition of Bluewater Gas Storage near Detroit was announced Wednesday by Allen Leverett, president and chief executive of Milwaukee-based WEC Energy Group Inc. Every winter, WEC subsidiaries We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service have ...WEC Energy Group: A High Quality, High Dividend Growth Utility - Seeking AlphaWEC Energy revenue up 6%, earnings miss estimates by 1 cent - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p3
aS"WEC Energy utility accused of hiding $8 billion project cost in seeking ... BizTimes.com  - Nov 11, 2015 WEC Energy Group's Peoples Gas utility may have withheld information from the Illinois Commerce Commission about the ballooning costs of a gas main replacement program in order to win approval from the commission for its recent acquisition by&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"WEC Earnings Call Highlights Natural Gas Efforts RTO Insider - Feb 7, 2017 While year-over-year net income climbed about $300 million thanks to its Integrys acquisition, WEC Energy Group's fourth-quarter earnings call focused largely on the company's natural gas initiatives.Upper Michigan Source of NatGas Growth for WEC Energy Group - Natural Gas Intelligence"
p5
aS'Leverett to succeed Klappa at helm of WEC Energy Group Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Jan 28, 2016 Gale Klappa recalls that when he recruited Allen Leverett - an executive he had worked with at Georgia Power Co. in Atlanta - to Wisconsin Energy Corp. shortly after Klappa himself arrived in Milwaukee in 2003, he had a feeling he was hiring the ...Klappa to retire from WEC Energy - BizTimes.com Gale Klappa sets May 1 retirement from WEC Energy; Leverett promoted to CEO - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p6
aS'Taking Charge Of My Own Retirement, Part 2 - WEC Energy Group Seeking Alpha - Jan 6, 2017 Using the metrics I believe will help identify safe dividend stocks, I identified WEC and Consolidated Edison as two utility stocks worthy of further investigation.'
p7
aS'Wisconsin Energy, Integrys deal powered by natural gas Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Jun 28, 2015 Milwaukee-based Wisconsin Energy Corp. will become the eighth-largest natural gas utility in the country when it completes its acquisition of Integrys Energy Group Inc. on Monday. By Tuesday, the Wisconsin Energy name will disappear and the owner of We ...'
p8
aS"WEC Energy Group Turns In Another Solid Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 27, 2016 One thing to keep in mind when looking at WEC's results compared to last year is that the company took a $0.23 per-share charge in the second quarter of 2015 as part of the Integrys acquisition. If we look at the numbers pre-acquisition, the company ..."
p9
aS'Alliant, WEC Energy agree to co-own $700 million power plant plus renewable ... Milwaukee Journal Sentinel  - Dec 17, 2015 Alliant Energy Corp. and the two utilities owned by Milwaukee-based WEC Energy Group Inc. have agreed to co-own two natural gas power plants and renewable energy projects that could be built in Wisconsin over the next 15 years.'
p10
a.