(lp0
S'What Makes Target Corporation  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Target Corporation TGT, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year ...'
p1
aS"Target Corp: Bullseye Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 With its stock price at a five-year low, Target Corporation , Walmart's  main competitor, looks attractive as an income generator and/or a candidate for writing covered calls or selling naked puts.Target Corporation Shares Look Very Undervalued At Current Levels - ETF Daily News Digging Up the Facts on Target Corporation  - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS'Is Costco Really Worth Twice As Much As Target? Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 It seems as though this wholesale corporation is better suited to compete against Amazon and the e-Commerce revolution; but, is the market pricing the stock rationally?'
p3
aS"Target Corporation: Searching For The One-Foot Bar Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 While I personally don't shop at Target Corporation  all that often, I can't say the same thing for my wife.Target Corporation  Stock Is Even Worse Than Q4 Earnings Suggest - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  Morgan Stanley Lowers Its Price Target On Target ... - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS'Target Corporation : An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale Investorplace.com - Mar 18, 2017 Target Corporation  operates general merchandise stores in the United States and Canada. Target is a dividend champion, which has paid dividends since 1965 and raised them every year for 49 years in a row.'
p5
aS'Target Soon To Find A Bid Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Fear is overstated here. Its 10-year financials illustrate that the company is on sound footing with nothing really seriously sticking out.Target Corporation  Stock Will Keep Sinking Without This Change - Minyanville.comLookout for Price Target? Target Corporation , US Bancorp  - StockNewsJournal'
p6
aS"Target: A Better Bargain Than Ever? Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Target  investors have seen the company's stock go through a prolonged downturn over recent months. Unfortunately, this trend appears to be continuing.Target Corporation  Is Down 11 Percent Today - ValueWalkTarget Retailer Hits $15 Billion Loss Since Pro-Transgender Announcement - Breitbart News"
p7
aS'Why Target Is Not A Suitable DGI Position Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Target is not among the top 10 e-tailers in the US; a really pitiful performance for a company with such a strong physical presence and which has been online in some form or another for the past 17 years.'
p8
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Target Corporation  The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Target Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'The Technical Charts For Target Corporation  Say It All Today NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The technicals for Target Corporation  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p10
a.