(lp0
S'The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Appoints Jeffrey M. Farber Executive Vice ... PR Newswire  - Sep 22, 2016 WORCESTER, Mass., Sept. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.  today announced that Jeffrey M. Farber has been appointed executive vice president and chief financial officer.Hanover hires new CFO, executive VP - PropertyCasualty360'
p1
aS'The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Names Mark L. Keim Executive Vice President ... PR Newswire  - Nov 17, 2016 The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc., based in Worcester, Mass., is the holding company for several property and casualty insurance companies, which together constitute one of the largest insurance businesses in the United States.'
p2
aS'The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. To Issue Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial ... PR Newswire  - Jan 9, 2017 WORCESTER, Mass., Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.  expects to release its fourth quarter financial results after the market closes on Thursday, February 2. The company will webcast a discussion of its results ...'
p3
aS'The Hanover Insurance Group Appoints John Fowle Chief Executive Officer of Chaucer PR Newswire  - Feb 20, 2017 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.,  today announced that John Fowle has been promoted to chief executive officer of Chaucer Syndicates, Ltd.'
p4
aS"The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Elects Jane D. Carlin to Board of Directors PR Newswire  - Dec 5, 2016 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.  today announced that Jane D. Carlin has been elected to the company's board of directors."
p5
aS'Institutional Portfolio Favorite in Spotlight: The Hanover Insurance Group ... Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Based on the lastest quarterly filings, institutions continue to be large stakeholders in The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. . The big banks are holding 84.30% of the shares while company insiders are clinging to 0.50%. Shares of The Hanover&nbsp;...The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The ... - Fiscal Standard'
p6
aS'The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Will Hold Investor Day Meeting On February 23 PR Newswire  - Jan 27, 2017 The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc., based in Worcester, Mass., is the holding company for several property and casualty insurance companies, which together constitute one of the largest insurance businesses in the United States.'
p7
aS"BRIEF-The Hanover Insurance Group announces organizational changes Reuters - Feb 23, 2017 March 26 Shares of Viacom Inc could rise 40 percent in the next year as the New York-based media company's new CEO Bob Bakish focuses on its Paramount Pictures studio and a handful of its networks to turn the business around, according to Barron's."
p8
aS'Hanover Insurance Group Becomes Oversold Forbes - Sep 8, 2016 But making Hanover Insurance Group Inc an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of THG entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $76.62 per share.'
p9
aS'The Hanover Launches Professional Liability Risk Management Portal Insurance Journal - Mar 27, 2017 The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. is the holding company for several property and casualty insurance companies. The Hanover provides a range of property and casualty products and services to individuals, families, and businesses and distributes its&nbsp;...Credit Agricole SA Takes Position in Hanover Insurance Group Inc  - Sports PerspectivesLatest Stocks: Buckhead Capital Management LLC Sells 3155 Shares of Hanover ... - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.