(lp0
S'News Cartesian Inc.CRTN Wall Street Journal - Jun 20, 2014 News Cartesian Inc.CRTN. Significant News Only. 02/22/17; Press Release. UPDATE - Cartesian, in collaboration with Mobile World Live, releases &quot;The Future of Mobile Video&quot; survey report.'
p1
aS'Cartesian Promotes William Hill to President and Appoints John Ferrara as CFO GlobeNewswire  - Oct 1, 2015 OVERLAND PARK, Kan., Oct. 1, 2015  -- Cartesian , a leading provider of consulting services and managed solutions to the communications, technology and digital media industries, has promoted SVP of business&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Cartesian Appoints Former AT&amp;T CMO Kevin Peters and Former CenturyLink Senior ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 31, 2016 OVERLAND PARK, Ky., March 31, 2016  -- Cartesian , a specialist provider of consulting services and managed solutions to the global communications, technology and digital media sector, has appointed former AT&amp;T&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Cartesian Reaffirms Expertise in Revenue Analytics with Two New Wins in the ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 12, 2016 The company has offices in Boston, Kansas City, London, New York, Paris, Philadelphia and Washington. For more information, visit www.'
p4
aS'Cartesian Appoints Thomas Williams and Donald Tringali to Board of Directors GlobeNewswire  - Apr 27, 2016 Cartesian, Inc. will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission  a definitive proxy statement in connection with the election of nominees nominated by the Board of Directors for election as directors, and certain other matters to be ...'
p5
aS'Cartesian, in collaboration with Mobile World Live, releases The Future of ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 22, 2017 LONDON, Feb. 22, 2017  -- Cartesian , a provider of consulting services and managed solutions to the telecoms, digital media, and technology sector, today released The Future of Mobile Video survey report.The Top 3 Developments Needed to Drive Mobile Video: Cartesian - StreamingMedia.com'
p6
aS'Cartesian: Shifting Business Models With Accretive Acquisitions Equals High ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 15, 2016 Cartesian, Inc.  is a thinly traded, overlooked microcap company. In the most recent years, the company has done a few accretive acquisitions and has real potential to experience top line growth due to secular demand in the big data ...'
p7
aS'Cartesian Expands Global Capabilities With Acquisition of Farncombe GlobeNewswire  - Jul 23, 2015 OVERLAND PARK, Kan., July 23, 2015  -- Cartesian , a leading provider of consulting services and managed solutions to the global communications, technology and digital media industries, has acquired Farncombe&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'The Management Network Group, Inc.  Announces Change in Corporate Name ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 18, 2014 OVERLAND PARK, Kan., June 18, 2014  -- The Management Network Group, Inc. , d/b/a Cartesian , a specialist provider of consulting services and managed solutions, today announced that at its Annual Meeting&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Investor Watch: Looking at Shares of Cartesian, Inc.  SKV News - 15 hours ago Taking a look at shares of Cartesian, Inc. , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 60. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or&nbsp;...'
p10
a.