(lp0
S'Thermo Fisher Scientific Showcases Integrated Analytical Workflows During ... European Pharmaceutical Review - Mar 21, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., the world leader in serving science, announced a line-up of new products at the 2017 Pittcon Conference and Exhibition that enable application-specific workflows for pharma/biopharma, materials science, and environmental ...'
p1
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.15 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2017.Thermo Fisher Scientific to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare ... - Yahoo FinanceThermo Fisher: Better Fish In The Ocean - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Why Investors remained confident on Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Thermo Fisher Scientific Showcases Newest Bioprocessing Technologies at INTERPHEX - Business Wire What Analysts are Predicting For Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , ResMed ... - The USA Commerce'
p3
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 Chaffey Breeze - 1 hour ago Thermo Fisher Scientific logo Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  announced a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, February 28th.Institutional Investors Continue to Own the Majority of Company Shares: Thermo ... - Midway MonitorMomentum Stocks  Protalix Biotherapeutics Inc , Thermo Fisher ... - Daily News Journal'
p4
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Elects New Director to Board Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 We are delighted to welcome Dion to our board, said Jim Manzi, chairman of the board of Thermo Fisher Scientific. He brings many years of experience in international business and digital technology strategies.Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Humana Inc. , Thermo Fisher ... - StockNewsJournalFIL Ltd Has $6456000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Acquires Core Informatics, Provider of Leading Cloud ... European Pharmaceutical Review - Mar 6, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., the world leader in serving science, announced that it has acquired Core Informatics, which provides a leading cloud-based platform supporting scientific data management.'
p6
aS"Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 16 Equities.com - Mar 16, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 16, as the stock lost 1.88% to close at $158.02.Is It Time to go for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , Becton, Dickinson ... - StockNewsJournalAnalyst's Indicator Review for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , Public ... - The USA Commerce"
p7
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS'Inside the Numbers: Looking at This Stock: Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Taking a look at the numbers, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -94.07. The CCI technical indicator can be used to help determine if a stock is overbought or oversold.'
p9
aS'Thermo Fisher Poised on Innovation, Global Growth Amid Woes Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 On Mar 16, 2017, we issued an updated research report on Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. TMO, a scientific instrument maker and world leader in serving science.'
p10
a.