(lp0
S"Triangle Petroleum says TUSA debtors emerge from Chapter 11 Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Triangle Petroleum  on Friday disclosed that Triangle USA Petroleum's plan of reorganization became effective, providing for payment in full in cash of TUSA debtors' revolving credit facility, and TUSA debtors emerged from Chapter 11 as&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Triangle Petroleum Corporation Receives Delisting Notice From NYSE MKT PR Newswire  - Mar 28, 2017 DENVER, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Triangle Petroleum Corporation  announced today that the Company received a notice from the NYSE MKT LLC  that the NYSE MKT has determined to commence&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"BRIEF-Triangle Petroleum Corp says TUSA, its units filed with bankruptcy court ... Reuters - Mar 24, 2017 JOHANNESBURG, March 25 South African Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan embarks on a week-long non-deal investor roadshow in Britain and the United States on Monday as weak economic growth and ruling party tensions put the country's investment&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'TRIANGLE PETROLEUM CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting ... Market Exclusive - 19 hours ago Triangle Petroleum Corporation  is an energy holding company. The Company operates through two segments: exploration and production segment, and oilfield services segment.Unusual Activity Sighted in Triangle Petroleum Corporation  Shares - Melville ReviewTriangle Petroleum Receives Delisting Notice From NYSE MKT - Oil and Gas Investor '
p4
aS'It was a wild ride for Triangle Petroleum Corporation in August. Motley Fool - Sep 2, 2015 What: Triangle Petroleum Corporation  took its investors on a roller-coaster ride in August. The stock surged, stalled, and then surged again ending the month up 17%.'
p5
aS"TRIANGLE PETROLEUM CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 24, 2017 As previously disclosed by Triangle Petroleum Corporation  in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  on June 30, 2016, Triangle USA Petroleum Corporation  and Ranger&nbsp;...Triangle Petroleum Corporation : Thoughts on the Momentum - Post AnalystTriangle Petroleum Corporation's  stock price is Worth at $0.26 while ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p6
aS'Triangle Petroleum Near the End of the Road  Investopedia - Dec 9, 2016 As part of its debt restructuring plan, approved November 15th, Triangle paid off its revolving credit facility in full and converted the 6.75% senior notes due 2022 issued by its subsidiary Triangle USA Petroleum Corporation  into equity for ...'
p7
aS'Triangle Petroleum Corporation Provides Update on Its Review of Strategic ... PR Newswire  - Jun 30, 2016 DENVER, June 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Triangle Petroleum Corporation  today provided an update on its evaluation of strategic alternatives and announced other corporate matters in conjunction with the filing by its&nbsp;...Triangle Petroleum shares crater on subsidiary bankruptcy filing - The Denver PostTriangle Petroleum unit files for Chapter 11; TPLM not included in filing - Seeking Alpha'
p8
aS'Triangle Petroleum: Facing A Critical Deadline Seeking Alpha - May 30, 2016 While Triangle Petroleum Corporation has not released any statement regarding the results of its restructuring effort, there are multiple signs that the outcome may indeed be unfavorable to the existing TPLM shareholders.Analysts: Triangle Petroleum Corporation  Stock Could Go to 1.00 - CWRU Observer'
p9
aS"Triangle Petroleum: The Worst Concerns Validated Seeking Alpha - Apr 18, 2016 The worst credit concerns for Triangle Petroleum  materialized. The company's move to fully draw down the credit line at the E&amp;P subsidiary and disclosures in the company's 10-K filing indicate that a reorganization may be difficult to avoid."
p10
a.