(lp0
S'IMPORTANT TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC. INVESTOR ALERT: Wolf Haldenstein ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 Investors who have incurred losses in the shares of Tempur Sealy International, Inc. are urged to contact the firm immediately at classmember@whafh.SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered ... - GlobeNewswire Why Investors remained confident on Puma Biotechnology, Inc. , Tempur ... - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS"TEMPUR SEALY  ALERT: J&amp;W Announces Investigation of Tempur Sealy ... PR Newswire  - Mar 23, 2017 SAN DIEGO, March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholder Rights Law Firm Johnson &amp; Weaver, LLP  is investigating potential violations of the federal securities laws by Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  and certain of its officers. Tempur&nbsp;...Tempur Sealy Beats Analysts' Expectations in 4th Quarter - BedTimes MagazineAnalyst's Indicator Review for Tempur Sealy International, Inc. , TEGNA ... - The USA Commerce"
p2
aS'Johnson &amp; Weaver, LLP Files Class Action Suit against Tempur Sealy ... PR Newswire  - Mar 25, 2017 SAN DIEGO, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholder rights law firm Johnson &amp; Weaver, LLP announced today that a class action has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of all purchasers of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit ... Yahoo Finance - 7 hours ago Khang &amp; Khang LLP  announces a class action lawsuit against Tempur Sealy International  . Investors who purchased or otherwise acquired shares between July 28, 2016 and January 27, 2017, inclusive&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Tempur-Pedic Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Debut of Limited-Edition TEMPUR ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 The architect of that vision was Robert &quot;Bobby&quot; Trussell, Tempur-Pedic company founder and first CEO. Now a member of the Board of Directors for Tempur Sealy International, Trussell's way of thinking has been a guiding force every step of the way.Trusted Sealy Mattress Brand Gets Strongest Refresh in 130-Year History - Yahoo Finance"
p5
aS'Looking at the Numbers for Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.75835. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p6
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Tempur Sealy International, Inc., 37.5% Follow ... Nasdaq - Feb 16, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p7
aS"Tempur Sealy International  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements, including the company's expectations regarding sales, earnings, net income, and adjusted EBITDA, and anticipated performance for 2017 and subsequent periods, involve uncertainties.TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... - Market ExclusiveTempur Sealy Reports Record Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p8
aS'Why Tempur Sealy International Inc Shares Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 Mattress Firm parent Steinhoff International Holdings, which bought the retailer a few months ago, said it wanted to make significant changes to its contract with Tempur Sealy, including economic concessions. After the two sides failed to come to an ...Tempur Sealy: Not Down Nearly Enough - Seeking AlphaTempur Sealy scraps contracts with biggest customer Mattress Firm - Reuters'
p9
aS"Stearns &amp; Foster Celebrates Record Year for Sales and Previews Plans to Go Big ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 &quot;For a brand that was established in 1846, it's gratifying to see that after 170 years we are still the industry leader in comfort, quality and craftsmanship,&quot; said Scott Thompson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tempur Sealy ..."
p10
a.