(lp0
S'Investor Focus: Watching Shares of Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.05273. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Post Holdings Inc  is Beating Tootsie Roll ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Post Holdings Inc  versus Tootsie Roll Industries Inc  .Moneygram International  Reaches $16.98 52-Week High, Tootsie Roll ... - MoneyMakingArticles'
p2
aS'Tootsie Roll chief, committed to keeping company independent, dies at 95 Chicago Tribune - Jan 21, 2015 Melvin J. Gordon, who ran Chicago-based candy-maker Tootsie Roll Industries for more than 50 years, held the distinction of being the oldest CEO of any business listed on the two major stock exchanges.Melvin J. Gordon, Who Ran Tootsie Roll Industries, Dies at 95 - New York Times'
p3
aS"An Overview Of Tootsie Roll Industries Seeking Alpha  - Mar 2, 2015 TR's CEO of five decades died last month, and takeover speculation abounds. The company is run more like a private business, with personal jet and apartment use given to the top two officers."
p4
aS"Tootsie Roll Industries Inc.: Annual Report 2016 The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 16, 2017 Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc. has been engaged in the manufacture and sale of confectionery products for 120 years. Our products are primarily sold under the familiar brand names: Tootsie Roll, Tootsie Roll Pops, Caramel Apple Pops, Child's Play ..."
p5
aS"Here's Why Tootsie Roll Will Continue To Underperform Seeking Alpha - Jun 11, 2015 Let's talk about Tootsie Roll Industries . 1.) What does the company do? When you buy shares in a company you effectively become part owner of that company."
p6
aS'Speculation Surrounds Cryptic Confectioner Tootsie Roll Seeking Alpha - Oct 13, 2015 Tootsie Roll owns an established portfolio of candy brand names, which consumers are loyal to. A high P/E reflects optimism over the potential for a buyout, healthy stock/cash dividends, and steady, albeit modest, growth.'
p7
aS'Tootsie Roll Succession May Open Door for Sale: Real M&amp;A Bloomberg - Jan 22, 2015 Tootsie Roll Industries Inc. is now in play for buyers willing to pay the richest valuation in confectionery history. The $2 billion maker of chewy chocolates and Junior Mints rose more than 7 percent Wednesday as the death of long-time Chief Executive ...'
p8
aS'It May Be Time To Kiss Tootsie Roll Goodbye Seeking Alpha - Jan 25, 2017 Tootsie Roll is a family company, with at the time, a CEO and COO husband/wife team who had a great number of shares and, together, eight decades of experience at Tootsie Roll. The principles include the ideas that it will not jeopardize long-term ...'
p9
aS'Treat Yourself to Tootsie Roll Industries Seeking Alpha  - May 18, 2008 One stock that I have been following for a while now is Tootsie Roll Industries . Everyone knows this company. Who has not unwrapped the distinctive brown and white wrapper to unveil that nice chewy chocolate treat?'
p10
a.