(lp0
S"Shares of Dealertrack Technologies Inc. Jump 57% on Acquisition News Motley Fool - Jun 15, 2015 This price is nearly 60% higher than Dealertrack's closing price on Friday, and the stock has risen to very nearly match this acquisition price.Dealertrack Technologies  Stock Spikes Following $4 Billion Merger With ... - TheStreet.comCox Automotive to buy Dealertrack in $4 billion deal - Reuters"
p1
aS"Dealertrack Technologies  Mark F. O'Neil on Q1 2015 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - May 8, 2015 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's conference call. Today's call is being recorded. Joining us are Mark O'Neil, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Jacobs, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Dealertrack Technologies Inc."
p2
aS"$4B sale of Dealertrack Technologies to Cox closes Newsday - Oct 1, 2015 Cox Enterprises Inc., an Atlanta-based conglomerate, on Thursday said it had closed on its $4 billion acquisition of Dealertrack Technologies Inc., one of Long Island's largest and fastest-growing software makers. Cox, which also owns Kelley Blue Book ...Cox Automotive closes $4 billion Dealertrack deal - Atlanta Journal ConstitutionDelivered: Cox Auto completes Dealertrack acquisition - Auto Remarketing"
p3
aS"Dealertrack to Buy Car Marketer Dealer.com for $1 Billion Bloomberg - Dec 19, 2013 Dealertrack Technologies Inc., which makes software used by car dealerships, is acquiring Dealer.com for about $1 billion. Dealertrack will pay $620 million in cash and about 8.72 million shares of stock -- valued at $373 million at yesterday's closing ...Dealertrack to buy Dealer.com in $1 billion deal - Automotive NewsDealertrack in $1B deal to buy rival Dealer.com - Newsday"
p4
aS'Dealertrack Technologies Moves Up In Market Cap Rank, Passing QEP Resources Forbes - Jun 17, 2015 In the latest look at stocks ordered by largest market capitalization, Russell 3000 component Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.  was identified as having a larger market cap than the smaller end of the S&amp;P 500, for example QEP Resources Inc&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Dealertrack Technologies to buy electronic lien and title program provider VINtek Automotive News - Sep 24, 2013 Automotive retail software vendor Dealertrack Technologies Inc. plans to acquire VINtek, a Philadelphia company that provides electronic lien and title programs for auto lenders, for $53.4 million in cash.'
p6
aS'Dealertrack reports revenue gains for Q4, all of 2014 Automotive News - Feb 24, 2015 Dealertrack Technologies, which supplies a wide variety of auto dealership retail software and services, said it posted revenue gains across the board during the fourth quarter of 2014 -- including organic growth of more than 20 percent.'
p7
aS"Plans for Dealertrack 'trophy' HQ unveiled Newsday - Oct 21, 2014 Plans have been unveiled for the new North Hills headquarters of software company Dealertrack Technologies Inc., a building that will include a rooftop vegetable garden and an LED screen wall 65 feet long."
p8
aS'Dealertrack Announces Agreement to Acquire Louisiana-based Casey &amp; Casey NPS, Inc. Business Wire  - Feb 25, 2013 LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y.----Expanding its U.S. presence in the online registration and titling marketplace, Dealertrack Technologies  today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Casey &amp; Casey NPS, Inc.'
p9
aS'DealerSocket Inc. to Acquire Inventory+ from Dealertrack Business Wire  - Aug 20, 2015 SAN CLEMENTE, Calif. &amp; LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y.----DealerSocket Inc. and Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.Dealertrack to sell inventory-management business to clear way for Cox merger - Automotive News'
p10
a.