(lp0
S'The world is our oyster says Trendit CEO Saban Proactive Investors UK - Feb 26, 2016 Benny Saban, chief executive of Trendit , says the skies the limit for his trend analytics company. We know our technology is unique.'
p1
aS'Israeli tech company Trendit plans London IPO Telegraph.co.uk - Nov 21, 2015 Using a statistical model based on network information such as where users have come from and how often text messages are sent and received, Trendit can also determine how often people stay at places and other indicators such as their economic status.'
p2
aS"Trend analytics co Trendit raises 4m in London IPO Globes - Jan 13, 2016 The company, Trendit, concluded a new share offering in the London Stock Exchange last week at a modest valuation of 12 million a valuation that generally merits a share offering on AIM, London's market for smaller companies."
p3
aS'The week ahead in business and finance Telegraph.co.uk - Jun 5, 2016 Specialist plastics firm Carclo is forecast to post a 20pc jump in full-year pre-tax profits to 8.6m when it posts its results tomorrow .'
p4
aS'Israeli high-tech exits down sharply in H1 2016 Globes - Jul 5, 2016 The largest deals in the first half of 2016 were the $811 million acquisition of EZchip by Mellanox Technologies Ltd.  and the $643 million buyout of Xura, followed by the $430 million acquisition of Ravello Systems by Oracle.'
p5
aS'SMALL CAP IDEAS: Software-as-services firm IMIMobile keen to acquire customers ... This is Money - Feb 2, 2016 Arthur Lowe, the pompous Captain Mainwaring of the Home Guard, was also the local bank manager. What would the starch collared, morning suited, bowler hat-wearing Mainwaring and his ilk have made of my last interaction with the custodian of the Lyall&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Mobile Is About To Get Emotional With Beyond Verbal's 'Moodies' App NoCamels - Israeli Innovation News   - Nov 2, 2014 Smartphones are, well, pretty smart. From detecting our location to recognizing verbal commands, one day we may fear that our phones have surpassed us in intelligence."
p7
aS"Hitachi Insight Group Formed to Accelerate Hitachi's Global Internet of Things ... insideBIGDATA - May 10, 2016 Led by Keiji Kojima, Ph.D., who also holds concurrent positions as senior vice president and executive officer at Hitachi Ltd, the group will drive research and development and GTM strategies for Hitachi's IoT-optimized solutions and services, in four ..."
p8
aS"Your Smartphone's Battery Use Can Help Spies Follow You NoCamels - Israeli Innovation News   - Feb 25, 2015 Thought your smartphone's GPS is the only way for others to track your movements? Think again. An alarming new study shows that information about the geolocation of Android phones can be retrieved simply by tracking your phone's energy consumption&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Preventive Maintenance Departments Gain Anywhere, Anytime Collaboration of ... Automation World - Jun 5, 2014 TrendIt enables technicians to instantly graph data, so trends are revealed and decisions can be made quickly. Fluke makes multimeters that can graph data, but it makes the meters too big and you can export the data.'
p10
a.