(lp0
S"Trustmark Corp , RB Bancorporation Enter $25.6M Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com - Nov 14, 2016 RB Bancorporation's bank subsidiary, Reliance Bank, will merge into Trustmark National Bank simultaneously with the merger of the respective parent companies.Trustmark announces $26 million merger - Memphis Business JournalTrustmark buys Alabama bank, beefs up its presence in state - Birmingham Business Journal"
p1
aS"Trustmark CEO says bank looking for 'the right opportunity' for expansion Memphis Business Journal - Nov 17, 2016 More growth could be on the horizon for Jackson, Mississippi-based Trustmark Corp.  following its recent $25.6 million acquisition."
p2
aS'Latest Stocks: The Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $8699000 Position in ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 26, 2017 Renaissance Technologies LLC cut its stake in Trustmark Corp  by 53.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Trustmark Corp  Receives $28.00 Average Price Target from Brokerages - Chaffey BreezeTrustmark Corp - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p3
aS'Brokerages Set Trustmark Corp  PT at $28.00 Sports Perspectives - Mar 25, 2017 Trustmark Corp logo Shares of Trustmark Corp  have been assigned an average rating of Hold from the six brokerages that are covering the stock.'
p4
aS'Hovde Group Upgrades Trustmark Corp  to Outperform Sports Perspectives - Mar 24, 2017 Trustmark Corp logo Trustmark Corp  was upgraded by equities research analysts at Hovde Group from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.Trustmark Corp  Upgraded by Hovde Group to Outperform - Chaffey BreezeThe Trustmark Corp  Upgraded to Outperform at Hovde Group - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS"Fitch Affirms Trustmark Corp at 'BBB+' Following Midtier Regional Bank Review ... Business Wire  - Jan 28, 2016 CHICAGO----Fitch Ratings has affirmed Trustmark Corp.'s  ratings at 'BBB+/F2'. The Rating Outlook remains Stable."
p6
aS'Trustmark completes acquisition of Mobile-based BancTrust al.com  - Feb 16, 2013 JACKSON, Mississippi -- Trustmark Corp. on Friday said it had completed its acquisition of BancTrust Financial Group Inc., in Mobile, as well as the merger of BankTrust with and into Trustmark National Bank. The merger expands the Jackson, Miss.-based&nbsp;...Trustmark Corporation Completes Merger with BancTrust Financial Group, Inc. - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Trustmark Corp  Receives Average Recommendation of Hold from Analysts The Cerbat Gem - Mar 22, 2017 Trustmark Corp logo Trustmark Corp  has received a consensus recommendation of Hold from the six ratings firms that are currently covering the stock.Trustmark Corp  is Upgraded by Hovde Group to  Outperform - Highland MirrorTrustmark Corp  Upgraded to Outperform at Hovde Group - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'Latest Stocks: The New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2289000 ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 New York State Teachers Retirement System maintained its position in Trustmark Corp  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Stocks Alert FirstEnergy Corp. , Trustmark Corp  - Daily News JournalComerica Bank Increases Position in Trustmark Corp  - Chaffey Breeze'
p9
aS'The Trustmark Corp  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in shares of Trustmark Corp  by 10.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Trustmark Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 16 - Equities.comTrustmark Corporation  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p10
a.