(lp0
S"Transense Technologies plc Further Payment from General Electric DirectorsTalk Interviews - 57 minutes ago Transense Technologies plc , the provider of sensor systems for the transportation and industrial markets, has today provided an update on it's relationship with General Electric Company ."
p1
aS"Oversold Transense ready to make waves Proactive Investors UK - Apr 19, 2016 In other words the market is saying Transense's technology, protected by 38 patents, is worth less than 1mln. Moreover, investors currently rate the chance of commercial success at zero."
p2
aS"Transense Technologies Plc Investor Event 29th March, London DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 1, 2017 Transense's Surface Acoustic Wave , wireless, battery-less, sensor systems offer significant advantages over legacy wireless sensor systems."
p3
aS"Market Risers: Standard Life Plc, Transense Technologies plc, Union Jack Oil ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Feb 28, 2017 The stock price for Transense Technologies plc ticker code: LON:TRT has climbed 5.12% or 5.5 points during today's session so far."
p4
aS'Does Zero-Debt Really Make Transense Technologies plc  A Financially ... Simply Wall St - Feb 28, 2017 Including debt in the capital structure of companies such as Transense Technologies plc , which has no debt, can improve its capital returns as the cost of capital comes down.'
p5
aS"Market Risers: NEXT plc, Persimmon plc, Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 23, 2017 The share price for NEXT plc ticker code: LON:NXT has stepped up 8.29% or 322 points in today's trading session so far."
p6
aS'Transense Technologies plc  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Community Financial News - Feb 27, 2017 Transense Technologies plc logo Transense Technologies plc  will announce its earnings results before the market opens on Tuesday, February 28th.'
p7
aS"William Hill PLC  Momentum Rising With Positive Consecutive Sessions Business Review - Mar 27, 2017 Now we'll take a look at how the fundamentals are stacking up for Transense Technologies PLC . Fundamental analysis takes into consideration market, industry and stock conditions to help determine if the shares are correctly valued."
p8
aS"Conviviality Plc Strong performance across all divisions with revenues up 211% DirectorsTalk Interviews - Nov 1, 2016 Conviviality Plc , the UK's leading independent wholesaler and distributor of alcohol and impulse, serving customers through its Franchised retail outlets and through hospitality and food service, has today provided an update on trading for ..."
p9
aS'SMALL CAP MOVERS: FTSE AIM All-Share index added 1% this week underscoring ... This is Money - Oct 23, 2015 Transense Technologies, a supplier of the McLaren F1 team, gained about a third on Wednesday after selling its loss-making IntelliSAW business to US-based Emerson for $5million.'
p10
a.