(lp0
S"Tesla Inc. Stock Rises After Tencent Reveals 5% Stake Motley Fool - 15 hours ago Tesla  stock, adding to its more than 11% jump in the past five days, is up about 3% Tuesday morning. Today's rise follows a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission revealing a new 5% stake in the electric-car maker by Chinese&nbsp;...Tesla Inc Stock Surges Even As Goldman Forecasts Another Delivery Miss - ValueWalkTesla Inc Shares Jump As Tencent Takes 5% Stake In Company - ETF Daily News "
p1
aS"Revisiting Tesla ValueWalk - 5 hours ago In honor of Tesla Inc  approaching new highs, I went back to a Aswath Damodaran and I wrote in early 2014. At that time, we were trying to explain the run-up in Tesla's stock price for the 30s to over $250."
p2
aS"Tesla Inc  CEO Elon Musk to Found New AI Company Called Neuralink Investorplace.com - 16 hours ago The Tesla Inc CEO is teaming up with Max Hodak to co-found Neuralink. Hodak is a former research assistant at Duke University Medical Center.Tesla Inc 's Elon Musk Is Set To Focus On Medical Research - Stock Market DailyTesla, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Launches 'Neuralink' to Connect Human Brains to ... - News18"
p3
aS"Tesla Inc: China's Tencent takes $1.78 bln passive stake Times of India - 16 hours ago Tencent discloses purchase of about 8.2 mln shares for $1.78 bln through Tesla's recent stock offering and open market purchases http://bit."
p4
aS'Tesla Inc  Stock Overbought Live Trading News - 3 hours ago During the past 10 bars, there have been 5 white candles and 5 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 25 white candles and 25 black candles.'
p5
aS"Should Tesla Inc. Investors Be Concerned about Trump's Emissions Agenda? Motley Fool - Mar 23, 2017 One policy shift that could impact Tesla Inc.  investors is if Trump and his appointees loosen automotive emissions standards."
p6
aS"Jonathan Jacobson's 4Q Investment Spotlight: Tesla Inc , Gilead Sciences ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 27, 2017 Hedge fund manager Jonathan Jacobson is co-founder of the $12 billion Highfields Capital Management fund. By examining 13F forms filed with the SEC we can see that in Q4 Jacobson boosted the fund's positions in controversial automaker Tesla Inc&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"How Many Vehicles Will Tesla, Inc. Deliver in Q1? Motley Fool - Mar 20, 2017 Typically, Tesla investors have some solid visibility into potential vehicle deliveries for a given quarter. But there's much more uncertainty surrounding this quarter's possible deliveries than usual, as Tesla opted to only provide guidance for the ...Tesla Inc  to Stop Selling Cheapest Model S - Investorplace.comTesla Inc Stock Price Target Boosted After Capital Raise - ValueWalk"
p8
aS"Tesla, Inc. Raises $1.2 Billion in Offerings Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 Electric-car maker Tesla  priced its concurrent stock and convertible note offerings last night, and the total capital raised came in at $1.2 billion, slightly higher than the $1.15 billion that Tesla had previously expected even after a ...A Tesla Inc  Cash Raise Gets  A Hero's Welcome? - Investorplace.comTesla Inc.'s Capital Expenditures Could Soar Nearly 200% This Year - Madison.com"
p9
aS"Tesla Inc  CEO Elon Musk Pulls a Model 3 Bait-and-Switch Investorplace.com - Mar 24, 2017 Tesla Inc , formerly Tesla Motors, and CEO Elon Musk are on a roll. TSLA stock is up 35% since the November election, and Musk has been schmoozing new President Donald Trump by joining an economic advisory council, dodging the sort&nbsp;...Tesla Inc : What's the Word on the Street - Smarter Analyst"
p10
a.