(lp0
S'Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Surged On Phase 3 Study Results RTT News - 20 hours ago Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc.  and Allergan  announced Monday morning that two Phase 3 trials of sarecycline for the treatment of moderate to severe acne met their 12 week primary efficacy endpoints.Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc  Scores a Home Run with Sarecycline Phase 3 - Smarter AnalystParatek Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 28 - Equities.com'
p1
aS'Paratek Pharmaceuticals Opens New Office in King of Prussia GlobeNewswire  - Mar 24, 2017 KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa., March 24, 2017  -- Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapies based upon tetracycline chemistry,&nbsp;...Montco antibiotics developer moves into bigger space, plans to triple headcount - Philadelphia Business Journal'
p2
aS'Dissecting And Analyzing The Special Situation In Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2017 We then briefly introduced the Reader to Paratek Pharmaceuticals for consideration of a special situation investment, and we ran some probability-weighted, risk-adjusted calculations to arrive at expected annualized returns on investment in order to&nbsp;...Paratek Announces Completion of Enrollment in Omadacycline Phase 3 Community ... - GlobeNewswire '
p3
aS"Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Cara Therapeutics, Inc ... The USA Commerce - 18 hours ago The share price is now up 97.28% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 20.75% above its 50-day moving average and 95.83% above its 200-day moving average."
p4
aS'Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Stock Will Show Resistance At $18.42 USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago With all other things going on, Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 30.08 percent in just three months.'
p5
aS"Looking at the Tea Leaves for Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 23, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Stock Profit Analysis: Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  The Oracle Examiner - 15 hours ago Beta is also a factor of measure of the relative volatility of a particular stock to the market. Currently Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is showing beta of 1.29. This particular value of beta suggests that Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PRTK ...'
p7
aS'Paratek Pharmaceuticals Is A Buy For Its Broad-Spectrum Tetracycline Antibiotic Seeking Alpha - May 27, 2016 Paratek Pharmaceuticals is a Boston, Massachusetts based pharmaceuticals company, whose key product in the development is omadacycline, a broad spectrum aminomethylcycline  class of antibiotic.'
p8
aS'Price Alert: Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Price Alert: Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p9
aS"Paratek's Omadacycline Could Be A Game-Changer In Antibiotics Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Paratek Pharmaceuticals  has a lot going for it - it has an NDA upcoming in 2018 based on successful acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections  trial  of its drug candidate omadacycline."
p10
a.