(lp0
S'Why Tesaro Inc  Stock Roared, Then Reversed Investorplace.com - 13 hours ago Tesaro plans to develop a version of Zejula to treat illnesses ranging from metastatic ovarian cancer to breast and lung cancers.Instant Analysis: Tesaro Receives a Big Thumbs-Up From the FDA - Motley FoolTesaro Inc.  Is Suring After FDA Approves Zejula - RTT News'
p1
aS'TESARO Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 28 Equities.com - 10 hours ago TESARO Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 28, as the stock lost 1.17% to close at $154.90. On the day, TESARO Inc. saw 2.95 million shares trade hands on 25,429 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume of 1.03&nbsp;...Latest Stocks: The TESARO Inc  Upgraded at Vetr Inc. - Petro Global News 24Insider Selling: TESARO Inc  VP Sells 229 Shares of Stock - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS"Here's What Happened To TESARO, Inc.  and Foamix Pharmaceuticals ... Market Exclusive - 16 hours ago So we're pretty much midway through the week in the biotech space, and there's been plenty of action so far. With the healthcare bill in the US failing to pass at the end of last week, the healthcare and pharmaceutical sector as a whole is going ..."
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Tesaro Inc  is Beating Seattle Genetics Inc ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Seattle Genetics Inc  versus Tesaro Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p4
aS"Tesaro Inc: Set for three-day losing streak Times of India - Mar 15, 2017 Lynparza, Clovis Oncology Inc's approved Rubraca and Tesaro's experimental niraparib belong to a new class of drugs, PARP inhibitors, which block enzymes involved in repairing damaged DNA, thereby helping to kill cancer cells.Here's What Just Happened With AstraZeneca plc  , TESARO Inc ... - Market ExclusiveAstraZeneca Fires Back at Tesaro in Ovarian Cancer - Motley Fool"
p5
aS'Shares in Focus: TESARO Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Taking a glance from a technical standpoint, TESARO Inc  presently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of 41.97.'
p6
aS"A Technical Look At 2 Stocks: Tesaro, Inc. , Murphy Oil Corporation  Post Analyst - 17 hours ago Tesaro, Inc.  last session's volume of 0.96 million shares was lower than its average volume of 0.99 million shares."
p7
aS'Still A Value Trap?  Tesaro, Inc. , Eclipse Resources Corporation  USA Commerce Daily - 22 hours ago Shares of Tesaro, Inc.  are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 327.29% since bottoming out at $36.68 on May.'
p8
aS'Brokerage Firm Target Update for TESARO, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Zacks research also gives calculated recommendations from sell-side analysts that cover company shares. These recommendations land on a simplified scale provided by Zacks Research.'
p9
aS'Decision Time: Tesaro Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection Point CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Decision Time: Tesaro Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p10
a.