(lp0
S"Willis Towers Watson posts 50% fall in profits Insurance Age - Feb 14, 2017 Given the merging of the two parts the company provided pro-forma numbers for 2015. Total revenues were flat at $1.93bn for the fourth quarter of 2016  but up for the full year at ... John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's chief executive ...Jefferies Group Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Willis Towers Watson ... - Sports PerspectivesOxford Asset Management Has $12251000 Position in Willis Towers Watson Public ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS"Willis Towers Watson executive to get $21m pay-off Financial Times - Nov 22, 2016 The payment to Dominic Casserley, the deputy chief executive, comes at the end of a year when shares in Willis Towers Watson have sharply underperformed those of its two main rivals. The company said last month that Mr Casserley, who headed insurance&nbsp;...Insurance exec gets a 17m golden goodbye despite firm's disappointing shares ... - This is Money"
p2
aS"General Insurance Article - Willis Towers Watson complete acquisition of ... Actuarial Post - Mar 27, 2017 Brad Jeffrey, Head of Willis Towers Watson's Retirement business in Australasia, said the new team members provide a wider and deeper range of expertise and experience.Willis Towers Watson appoints new Aussie equities head - Money Management"
p3
aS"Alliance Trust names Willis Towers Watson investment manager Fund Strategy - Jan 16, 2017 Alliance Trust has appointed Willis Towers Watson  as investment manager, following the board's announcement in December that the trust will replace its in-house investment team with a multi-manager approach in a bid to improve performance.Alliance Trust unveils new fund managers in trust shake-up - Telegraph.co.ukAlliance Trust reveals managers to run revamped trust - Citywire.co.uk"
p4
aS"Anthony Hilton: Willis Towers Watson is stretching impartiality claims too far Evening Standard - Jun 22, 2016 A gushing press release issued yesterday by the investment consultants Willis Towers Watson said it has launched an equity fund for institutional investors which contains the top unconstrained equity ideas of the world's top stock pickers."
p5
aS'Discount rate a &quot;pressure cooker waiting to blow&quot; says Willis Towers Watson Insurance Age - Feb 20, 2017 If the Lord Chancellor was to revise the Ogden discount rate from 2.5% to negative 0.5%, the motor insurance industry is likely to experience a material one-off reserve charge of about 4.9bn, according to analysis by Willis Towers Watson. In addition ...General Insurance Article - Willis Towers Watson to acquire French aviation ... - Actuarial PostTowers Watson launches low-cost asset management marketplace - Modern Investor '
p6
aS'Dominic Casserley to leave Willis Towers Watson Insurance Age - Oct 26, 2016 From January this year, at the newly merged Willis Towers Watson, Casserley was a member of the board, co-led the integration process and was head of one of the global business segments, investment risk and reinsurance, the broking giant stated.Willis Towers Watson president, deputy CEO to leave firm - Insurance BusinessWillis Towers Watson Bolsters Leadership Team to Deliver on Strategic Priorities - GlobeNewswire '
p7
aS'Top insurance brokers: Willis Towers Watson PLC Business Insurance - Jul 17, 2016 The $18 billion deal, which brought together London-based brokerage Willis Group Holdings P.L.C. and New York-based consulting firm Towers Watson &amp; Co., was completed in January, but the combined organization is still going through the process of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Pensions - Articles - Willis Towers Watson previews the de-risking market for 2017 Actuarial Post - Jan 4, 2017 Shelly Beard, Director in Willis Towers Watson's de-risking team, said: 2016 was very much a year for taking stock, with uncertainty following the UK's EU referendum certainly subduing the overall level of activity taking place.UK companies look to sell off pension liabilities - Financial TimesUK set for record number of pension liability deals - Citywire.co.uk"
p9
aS'Lifestyle Article - Willis Towers Watson announces new leadership roles Actuarial Post - Oct 3, 2016 The internal promotions come as Willis Towers Watson continues to evolve its global manager research structure to encourage the optimal balance of focus and broader holistic perspective within its investment teams and ensure the company remains at the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.