(lp0
S"So Long Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Maligned Brand Bloomberg - May 17, 2016 Time Warner Cable, which had the worst customer-service score in any industry according to a 2015 survey, won't survive Charter Communications Inc.'s acquisition.Charter Communications Completes Acquisition of Time Warner Cable - Wall Street JournalCharter Communications completes purchase of Time Warner Cable - Reuters"
p1
aS"Better Buy: Time Warner Cable Inc. vs. Time Warner Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2016 Cord-cutting and cord-shaving  will hurt Time Warner Cable and Time Warner, but it's going to a bigger problem for the cable company. The reason is that cable is merely a delivery method for content. People ...Your Stories: What to expect with Time Warner Cable's 'all-digital' changes - WSYR"
p2
aS'Sprint Wins $139.8 Million in Time Warner Cable Patent Trial Bloomberg - Mar 3, 2017 The jury found that Time Warner Cable infringed five patents for Voice-over-Internet Protocol and awarded our full damages demand, said Sprint spokeswoman Lisa Dimino, who said the Overland Park, Kansas-based company was pleased with the verdict.'
p3
aS'Union strike hits Spectrum-Time Warner Cable over dwindling benefits, shoddy ... New York Daily News - 15 hours ago Charter Communications Inc., which owns Spectrum-TWC, currently has approximately 2.5 million subscribers across New York.'
p4
aS'How Safe Is Time Warner Cable Inc. Stock? Motley Fool - Apr 2, 2016 After more than two years of regulatory review, Time Warner Cable  appears to be close to winning approval of its proposed merger with Charter Communications .Dodgers Fans May Have To Switch To Time Warner Cable Inc  - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS"Time Warner Cable Inc.'s Best Business Segment Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2016 Time Warner Cable  recently managed to add cable subscribers for the first time in nine years. Yet the video entertainment delivery business, which accounts for just over half of TWC's revenue, was still a drag on operating performance: Sales ...Time Warner Cable customers receive faster Internet - WLKY LouisvilleTime Warner Cable ramps up speeds in Louisville - Louisville Business First"
p6
aS"It's Time Warner Inc., not Time Warner cable Marketplace.org - Oct 27, 2016 ... the CEO of Time Warner, will testify&quot;, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal. Their mistake? Robert Marcus is the CEO of Time Warner Cable, which was bought by Charter Communications recently. AT&amp;T is buying Time Warner Inc., which ...The US government totally just summoned the wrong Time Warner to testify about ... - QuartzAT&amp;T is not buying Time Warner Cable - Yahoo Finance"
p7
aS"Goodbye, Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Maligned Brand AdAge.com  - May 18, 2016 Time Warner Cable, which had the worst customer-service score in any industry according to a 2015 survey, won't survive Charter Communications Inc.'s acquisition."
p8
aS"DirecTV Settles US Antitrust Lawsuit Over Dodgers Channel Bloomberg - Mar 23, 2017 DirecTV settled a U.S. antitrust lawsuit that accused the satellite-television provider of colluding with its competitors during a 2014 standoff with Time Warner Cable Inc. over a channel devoted to the Los Angeles Dodgers. DirecTV won't share ...Dodgers TV standoff lives on as AT&amp;T, Justice settle lawsuit - Los Angeles Times"
p9
aS"US approves Charter's Time Warner Cable buy with conditions Reuters - Apr 25, 2016 O) proposed purchase of Time Warner Cable Inc TWC.N and Bright House networks, which would create the second-largest U.S. broadband provider and third-largest video provider.Time Warner Cable Inc. Earnings: What to Watch - Motley FoolRegulators Recommend Approval of Charter-Time Warner Cable Deal - Wall Street Journal"
p10
a.