(lp0
S'Tyler Technologies to Provide Integrated Property Appraisal, Land and Tax ... Business Wire  - 18 hours ago PLANO, Texas----Tyler Technologies, Inc.  signed a five-year software-as-a-service  agreement with Anoka County, Minnesota, for a unified land and tax record management solution.Tyler Technologies, Inc.  Given Consensus Recommendation of Buy by ... - The Cerbat GemFirms &amp; Funds Favorite: Tyler Technologies, Inc.  - Midway Monitor'
p1
aS"City of Arlington, Texas, Selects Brazos Solution from Tyler Technologies Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Tyler Technologies, Inc.  signed an agreement with the city of Arlington, Texas, for Tyler's Brazos, an e-citation software solution that can be used for a number of applications for public safety agencies such as traffic and parking citations ...Stock Returns: PTC Inc  is Beating Tyler Technologies Inc  - CML NewsThe Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Tyler Technologies, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'Maine Voices: Tyler Technologies: Story on court software misleading, unfair Press Herald - Mar 5, 2017 YARMOUTH - The Portland Press Herald recently ran an article about my company, Tyler Technologies, that contained many inaccuracies, inferring blame on our Odyssey court product for software glitches in other states, and falsely referencing ...'
p3
aS'Tyler Technologies Inc.  Has Surged To Over A 3-Month High On Q4 Results Nasdaq - Feb 9, 2017  - Tyler Technologies Inc.  reported fourth quarter EPS of $0.90 after the close Wednesday, up from $0.59 in the prior year period.'
p4
aS"Tyler Technologies to Provide Odyssey Solution to Clayton County, Georgia Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Tyler Technologies, Inc.  signed a $6.9 million agreement with Clayton County, Georgia, for Tyler's Odyssey solution."
p5
aS"Tyler Technologies to Provide Odyssey Attorney Manager, Case Manager, and ... Business Wire  - Feb 9, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Tyler Technologies, Inc.  signed an agreement with The State Bar of California for Tyler's Odyssey integrated suite of justice solutions including Attorney Manager, Case Manager, and Supervision.Tyler Technologies'  CEO John Marr Jr. on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaTYL Signal On Tyler Technologies Inc.:TYL Stock - Investor Newswire"
p6
aS'Tyler Technologies to Provide Odyssey Solution to the Northern Territory of ... Business Wire  - Jan 5, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Tyler Technologies Australia PTY LTD, a wholly owned subsidiary of Tyler Technologies, Inc. , signed an agreement with the Northern Territory Department of the Attorney-General and Justice  for&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Tyler Technologies: Odyssey, 2016 Legal Settlement, And Organic Growth Suggest ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2016 Tyler Technologies  is a provider of information management software for the public sector, with a focus on small, local governments.'
p8
aS"Tyler Technologies'  CEO John Marr on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 30, 2016 Good day and welcome to the Tyler Technologies Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode."
p9
aS"Tyler Technologies Expands Presence in Ohio with Two Financial Management ... Business Wire  - Feb 14, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Tyler Technologies, Inc.  signed agreements with the city of Zanesville, Ohio, and Five Rivers MetroParks in Dayton, Ohio, for Tyler's Incode financials solution. These two new Ohio clients join more than 150&nbsp;..."
p10
a.