(lp0
S'The Charts Expose On Under Armour, Inc.  Is Causing A Stir NY Stock News - 19 hours ago The technicals for Under Armour, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p1
aS'More Bad News for Under Armour Inc: Here Comes Puma! Motley Fool - Mar 22, 2017 Not long ago, Under Armour   was the growing darling of sportswear, while Puma  was a fading also-ran which was overlooked in conversations about the industry.'
p2
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered ... Yahoo Finance - 9 hours ago NEW YORK, March 28, 2017  -- Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in Under Armour, Inc.    of the April 11, 2017 deadline to seek the role of lead&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Jefferies Upgrades Under Armour, Inc.  to Buy, Street Underappreciates ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 24, 2017 Jefferies upgraded Under Armour, Inc.  from Hold to Buy with a price target of $27.00  and added the stock to the Jefferies Franchise Pick List.Under Armour Inc: Shares up after Jefferies upgrade - Times of India'
p4
aS"Under Armour: Banking On Growth Seeking Alpha - Mar 28, 2017 Could Under Armour  be a value play after a 56% drop within a years' time? The answer to this question becomes very obvious when looking at the balance sheet."
p5
aS'Under Armour, Inc.  Shouts Loudly With Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 19 hours ago The technicals for Under Armour, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p6
aS'IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action ... Business Wire  - 8 hours ago LOS ANGELES----Lundin Law PC, a shareholder rights firm, announces a class action lawsuit against Under Armour, Inc.   concerning possible violations of federal securities laws&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Better Buy: Under Armour Inc. vs. Skechers USA Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 Under Armour was the first mover among major athletic companies to providing wicking clothing. The &quot;technology&quot; was an enormous hit with athletes, and Under Armour's popularity spread like wildfire. Since then, the company has branched into countless&nbsp;...Under Armour Inc  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemZacks Rank on Under Armour, Inc.  based on Estimated Earnings - Money Flow Index & Trends"
p8
aS"Why Under Armour, Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2017 The ground is shifting below Under Armour's   cleat-studded feet. An awesome streak of market-thumping sales and profit growth was interrupted when shareholders in the past year witnessed both a significant downgrade of the&nbsp;...Analyst Hints Surrounding Under Armour, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p9
aS"Under Armour to open Detroit store in April Crain's Detroit Business - 22 hours ago Under Armour Inc. says it will open its downtown Detroit &quot;Brand House&quot; on April 13. The new store at 1201 Woodward Ave.Downtown Detroit Under Armour store to open April 2017 - WXYZ"
p10
a.