(lp0
S"The Origins Of A Complex American Health Care System Here And Now - Mar 27, 2017 The problems with the health care system in the United States may seem like they're new, but they're not. Historian Nancy Tomes explains to Here &amp; Now's Jeremy Hobson how our uneven, expensive and complicated system came to be."
p1
aS'The Fake Freedom of American Health Care New York Times - Mar 18, 2017 Ahead of the United States are South Korea, Israel, Australia, Sweden and Finland, all with some form of government-managed universal health care. And when it comes to cervical cancer, American women are at a significant disadvantage: The United States&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"United States Steel Corporation  Stock Hammered by  Healthcare? Investorplace.com - Mar 27, 2017 X stock was off more than 4%, as was AK Steel Holding Corporation , and Steel Dynamics, Inc.  was down more than 2% amid a reverse Trump bump trade on the heels of the American Health Care Act's failure late last week."
p3
aS'Donald Trump has not faced a challenge like fixing American health care before The Economist - Mar 16, 2017 He did not build a globally significant corporation . Instead he turned himself into a brand. He is a salesman whose greatest product is himself, slapping ...'
p4
aS"Speaker Ryan Meets With Members: Republicans Are United Around Principles ... Townhall - 16 hours ago Speaking on Capitol Hill Tuesday morning, House Speaker Paul Ryan summarized a meeting with Republican members of Congress just four days after the American Health Care Act had to be pulled from the floor due to a lack of votes. The White House and&nbsp;...Health reform: The road ahead - Fox NewsTrump's big fail: Unsurprising healthcare defeat will have huge consequences - NEWS.com.au"
p5
aS"Why Big Insurance Adores the American Health Care Act Common Dreams - Mar 23, 2017 Their fingerprints are all over what the Republicans are calling the American Health Care Act. Arguably the only thing they don't like about House Speaker Paul Ryan's Ayn Randish creation is the way the plan would slash funding for the Medicaid program ..."
p6
aS"US vs. Nordic Health Care New York Times - Mar 25, 2017 Anu Partanen's observations about the cost and value of American health care are right on target. Very few Americans understand how health care gets paid for. Even fewer know that we in the United States spend about twice as much per capita on health ..."
p7
aS'Medical providers oppose Trump-backed health plan, Democrats take aim Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 The legislation aims to repeal and replace the Obamacare law, which Republicans call a government overreach that has ruined healthcare in the United States. Trump and fellow Republicans in Congress campaigned last year on a promise to dismantle the&nbsp;...Q&amp;A: The facts on the Republican health care bill - USA TODAYHealthcare hearing: Democrats try to stall bill as Ted Cruz voices pessimism - The Guardian'
p8
aS"Warfare helps explain why American welfare is different The Economist - Mar 16, 2017 THE House Republicans' health-care plan, the American Health Care Act, may, if enacted, leave 24m Americans without coverage, in the judgment of the Congressional Budget Office. But for those determined to shrink the government, that may not be&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"United States: American Health Care Act: Considerations For Employers Mondaq News Alerts  - Mar 8, 2017 The &quot;American Health Care Act&quot;  is an effort to make good on President Trump's promise to dismantle the ACA.The American Health Care Act: What Can We Check Off on the Primary Care Wish List? - MedscapeTrump tells GOP 'failure is not an option' on health care plan - The Boston Globe"
p10
a.