(lp0
S'Improving, But Expectations Are High At United Security Bancshares Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 United Security Bancshares  has a rocky past, but is in a great position for a rising rate environment. Some earnings growth is already priced in, with shares trading 74% above their 52-week low, but with a strong core, the bank could ...'
p1
aS'United Security Bank Announces Appointment of Chief Credit Officer PR Newswire  - Jul 25, 2013 Dennis R. Woods, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, &quot;We are pleased to have Bill Yarbenet join the executive management team at United Security Bank, and look forward to the extensive credit and finance experience he brings ...'
p2
aS'United Security Bancshares, Inc. Names James F. House to Be President and CEO Business Wire  - Oct 24, 2011 THOMASVILLE, Ala.----United Security Bancshares, Inc.  today announced that United Security and its subsidiary bank, First United Security Bank, have approved the appointment of James F. House as President and Chief&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'United Security Bancshares, Inc. and First United Security Bank Elect New Director Business Wire  - Mar 1, 2013 THOMASVILLE, Ala.----United Security Bancshares, Inc. , announced today that A. J. Lonnie Strickland, III was elected as a Director of United Security Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiary, First United Security Bank ...'
p4
aS'United Security Bank parent reports higher net income Fresno Bee - Oct 19, 2016 United Security Bancshares, the Fresno-based parent company of United Security Bank, reported net income of just more than $2 million for the third quarter of 2016, or 12 cents per share.'
p5
aS'ImmunoGen, Inc.  Reaches $3.65 After 6.00% Up Move; United Security ... MoneyMakingArticles - Mar 27, 2017 United Security Bancshares is the bank holding firm for United Security Bank . The company has market cap of $127.03 million.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Sussex Bancorp  is Beating United Security ... CML News - Mar 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sussex Bancorp  versus United Security Bancshares  .'
p7
aS'4 elected to board of directors at United Security Bancshares Inc. Tuscaloosa News  - Nov 9, 2014 Robert Stephen Briggs, Sheri S. Cook, Aubrey S. Miller and Donna D. Smith have been elected to the board of directors of Thomasville-based United Security Bancshares Inc. and its subsidiary, First United Security Bank, which has 19 offices in Alabama,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Notable Stock of Traders: United Security Bancshares's  stock price ... WsNews 4investors - Mar 27, 2017 United Security Bancshares  stock price distance from twenty day simple moving average slumped at -1.98% while its distance from fifty day simple moving average declined -4.15% along with 11.17% above distance from two hundred simple moving&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Traders Take Note: United Security Bancshares  Stock Drops ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 Take Note: United Security Bancshares  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.