(lp0
S"Disruptive Growth At A Fair Price: Ubiquiti Networks Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Ubiquiti Networks Inc  began under Robert Pera, a young admirer of Steve Jobs, who landed a job at Apple Inc  where he noticed that Apple's WiFi devices could increase their transmission range over dozens of miles,&nbsp;...Why Ubiquiti Networks Inc. Stock Stumbled 21.3% in February - Motley FoolThe Origin Asset Management LLP Increases Position in Ubiquiti Networks Inc  - DailyQuint"
p1
aS"Why Ubiquiti Networks Inc. Stock Skyrocketed 81.1% in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 9, 2017 Shares of Ubiquiti Networks Inc.  climbed an incredible 81.1% in 2016, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, as the network communications platform specialist's quarterly results repeatedly exceeded expectations.Ubiquiti Networks, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS"Why Ubiquiti Networks Inc. Stock Plunged Today Fox Business - Feb 10, 2017 During the subsequent conference call,Ubiquiti Networks CEO Robert Pera explained that margins were affected the company's decision to aggressively price its new AmpliFi consumer line of networking hardware. Additionally, the company also &quot;had some&nbsp;...Ubiquiti Networks  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Maintains Stake in Ubiquiti Networks Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Ubiquiti Networks logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY held its position in shares of Ubiquiti Networks Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.Ubiquiti Networks, Inc.  Quarterly EPS Projection At $0.62 - Stock ObserverUbiquiti Networks, Inc.  Analyst Coverage - NewsDen'
p4
aS"Ubiquiti Shares On Sale - 50 Facts Prove It's Cheap Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 February 10 - Credit Suisse downgrades UBNT from neutral to underperform saying, &quot;the shares looked pricey compared to its peers and that margins may be peaking and will face further pressure as Ubiquiti invests more in research and development.&quot;.Ubiquiti Networks, Inc.  Short interest At 6641445 - Markets DailyThe Fiera Capital Corp Invests $7106000 in Ubiquiti Networks Inc  - DailyQuint"
p5
aS'5 Things Ubiquiti Networks Management Wants You to Know Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2017 Ubiquiti Networks  released a 55-page presentation [opens in PDF] for the investor and analyst community on Feb. 21.Update in Investor Lawsuit against Ubiquiti Networks Inc  - Military Technologies'
p6
aS'Stock in Focus: Ubiquiti Networks, Inc.  Rives Journal - 11 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Ubiquiti Networks, Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.403885.'
p7
aS'Ubiquiti  Down 22.3% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. UBNT. Shares have lost about 22.3% in the past month, underperforming the market.Ubiquiti - Is The Company Defying Gravity Or Disrupting A Space With A New ... - Seeking Alpha'
p8
aS"Ubiquiti Networks  Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 We hope you've had time to review management's prepared remarks, which are posted as a transcript on the Events and Presentations and Financial Information sections of our Investor Relations website at www.Ubiquiti Networks Sustains Its Positive Momentum - Motley FoolUbiquiti Networks Hits New High On Earnings Beat; Consumer Push Eyed - Investor's Business Daily"
p9
aS'Robbins Arroyo LLP Is Investigating the Officers and Directors of Ubiquiti ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017 Shareholder rights law firm Robbins Arroyo LLP is investigating whether certain officers and directors of Ubiquiti Networks, Inc.   breached their fiduciary duties to shareholders by leading investors to believe that an international&nbsp;...Ubiquiti Networks Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 16 - Equities.comUbiquiti Networks, Inc.  Receives $42.60 Average Target Price from Analysts - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.