(lp0
S'Union Bankshares Corp  Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY The Cerbat Gem - 16 hours ago Union Bankshares Corp logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY cut its position in Union Bankshares Corp  by 2.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .State Street Corp Raises Stake in Union Bankshares Corp  - BNB Daily '
p1
aS'Union Bankshares Corporation Announces Pricing of Subordinated Notes Offering GlobeNewswire  - Dec 1, 2016 RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 01, 2016  -- Union Bankshares Corporation , the parent company of Union Bank &amp; Trust , today announced the pricing of its public offering of $150 million of its Fixed-to-Floating Rate&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Union Bankshares Corp. MarketWatch - Jun 2, 2009 Union Bankshares Corp. NASDAQ: UBSH. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p3
aS"Union Bankshares Corporation Announces Share Repurchase Authorization PR Newswire  - Nov 3, 2015 RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Union Bankshares Corporation  today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program to purchase up to $25 million worth of the Company's common stock on&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Asbury begins as new CEO of Union Bankshares Corp. Richmond.com - Jan 4, 2017 John C. Asbury is the new CEO of Union Bankshares Corp., the Richmond-based holding company for Union Bank &amp; Trust. The appointment, effective Monday, had been announced in August.New CEO takes over at Union Bankshares - Virginia Business Magazine'
p5
aS'Union First Market Bank Changes Legal Name To Union Bank &amp; Trust PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2015 RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Union Bankshares Corporation today announced that it has changed the legal name for its bank to Union Bank &amp; Trust from Union First Market Bank.Union First Market Bank changes name - Richmond.com'
p6
aS'Traders Take Note: Union Bankshares Corporation  Stock Drops ... CML News - 19 hours ago Take Note: Union Bankshares Corporation  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"What The Planned Supermarket Merger Means For Union Bankhares Seeking Alpha - Jun 29, 2016 It was just confirmed this week that multiple locations of Union Bankshares Corp's  Union Bank and Trust locations would be shutting their doors by the end of September."
p8
aS'Form 8-K Union Bankshares Corp For: Feb 20 StreetInsider.com - Feb 22, 2017 On February 20, 2017, Union Bankshares Corporation issued a press release announcing that John C. Asbury, president and CEO, and Robert M. Gorman, executive vice president and CFO, will present at the Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional&nbsp;...Union Bankshares Corp  Position Maintained by Bessemer Group Inc. - BNB Daily Bogle Investment Management LP DE Has $1833000 Stake in Union Bankshares Corp ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS'John Neal To Retire as President of Union Bank &amp; Trust PR Newswire  - Sep 30, 2015 &quot;If you were to look up the definition of a true community banker, you would most likely find a picture of John Neal as an example,&quot; said G. William Beale, president and CEO of Union Bankshares Corporation. &quot;Through his contacts and reputation for ...'
p10
a.