(lp0
S"Podcast: Supreme Pharmaceuticals CEO John Fowler on becoming Canada's next ... Financial Post - Apr 14, 2016 Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc.   received its MMPR license from Health Canada, and has already started growing its first crop of cannabis."
p1
aS'Supreme Pharmaceuticals Announces Upsize of Previously Announced Bought Deal ... Canada NewsWire  - Nov 15, 2016 TORONTO, Nov. 15, 2016 /CNW/ - Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc.   announced today that it has entered into a revised agreement with Canaccord Genuity Corp.'
p2
aS"Massive license puts Supreme Pharmaceuticals in medical marijuana driver's seat Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Jun 9, 2014 The big competitive advantage we have is that we have been approved for our proposed MMPR license for 24,000 kg per year, and I know of no bigger license than that, explains Supreme's president and CEO David Stadnyk, referring to the company's&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Supreme Pharmaceuticals Announces $40 Million Bought Deal Private Placement of ... Canada NewsWire  - Nov 14, 2016 TORONTO, Nov. 14, 2016 /CNW/ - Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc.   announced today that it has entered into an agreement with Canaccord Genuity Corp.'
p4
aS'Trading Focus on Shares of Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 13 hours ago Checking the Value Composite score for Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc. , we see that the company has a rank of 78. This falls on a scale from 0 to 100 where a lower score indicated an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc. Announces Brayden R. Sutton as Executive Vice ... Marketwired  - Aug 28, 2014 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc.   is pleased to announce Brayden R. Sutton as Executive Vice President.'
p6
aS'Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc., International Cannabis Corp., Aurora Cannabis ... Midas Letter - Nov 30, 2016 What do Aurora Cannabis Inc. , International Cannabis Corp , Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc  and Aphria Inc , and Canopy Growth Corp  all have in common?'
p7
aS'Health Canada Provides Cannabis Cultivation License to Supreme Pharmaceuticals New Cannabis Ventures  - Mar 11, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO - Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc.   is pleased to announce its wholly-owned subsidiary, Advanced Medical Marihuana Canada &nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Supreme Pharmaceuticals Announces Additional, $5 Million Non-Brokered Private ... Marketwired  - Nov 17, 2016 Supreme Pharmaceuticals Inc.   is pleased to announce its intention to complete a non-brokered private placement  of up to $5 million of convertible debenture units on the same terms as the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Supreme Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Closes Deep In Red MMJ Reporter - Dec 19, 2016 Another news that came last week, and which can have an impact on Supreme Pharmaceuticals, is of road map for marijuana legalization.'
p10
a.