(lp0
S'Universal Forest Products Buys Some Quality Hardwood Assets Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Universal Forest Products, Inc. UFPI recently declared that one of its associates has closed the buyout of certain assets of Nappanee, IN-based hardwood products company, Quality Hardwood Sales, LLC .Universal Forest Products  Acquire Assets of Quality Hardwood Sales ... - StreetInsider.comUniversal Forest acquires $30M company - Grand Rapids Business Journal '
p1
aS'Zacks.com featured highlights: CBRE Group, Wabash National, Honda Motor ... Nasdaq - Mar 27, 2017 You can simply arrive at a decision to &quot;Buy&quot; or &quot;Sell&quot; a particular stock by looking at its sales and earnings numbers.Top Ranked Growth Stocks to Buy for March 27th - Zacks.com'
p2
aS'UPDATE: Universal Forest Products  to Acquire idX Corp in $68M Deal ... StreetInsider.com - Sep 1, 2016 Universal Forest Products, Inc.  announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to purchase idX Corp.Universal Forest Products to acquire store fixtures maker in $68 million deal - MiBizUFPI to buy idX Corp., leading international provider of custom merchandising ... - GlobeNewswire '
p3
aS"Universal Forest Products Completes Acquisition of idX Corp Nasdaq - Sep 20, 2016 As revealed, Universal Forest Products acquired all the outstanding shares of idX Corp's holding company, idX Holdings, Inc. idX Corp. is an internationally recognized firm in the merchandising solutions market, worth $6 billion. The firm generated ..."
p4
aS'Should You Hold on to Universal Forest  Stock Now? Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 On Mar 9, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Universal Forest Products, Inc. UFPI to a Zacks Rank #3  from a Zacks Rank #4 .Buzzer to Observe: Universal Forest Products, Inc.  - Is storiesInsider Trading at Universal Forest Products Inc.? - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS'Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Universal Forest ... Sports Perspectives - 18 hours ago Universal Forest Products logo Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. cut its position in Universal Forest Products, Inc.  by 6.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Universal Forest Products expands into hardwood with Indiana firm purchase woodworkingnetwork.com - Mar 14, 2017 Universal Forest Products Inc. has announced that one of its affiliates has closed on the purchase of certain assets of Quality Hardwood Sales, LLC, a Nappanee, Ind.Universal Forest Products, Inc.  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemUniversal Forest Products, Inc.  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks ... - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Forbes names Universal Forest Products  the Best Performing Company in ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 29, 2016 GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., June 29, 2016  -- Universal Forest Products, Inc.  has been named by Forbes magazine as the best performing company in Michigan, based on total returns.'
p8
aS'Universal Forest Products  Acquires The UBEECO Group StreetInsider.com - Dec 5, 2016 Universal Forest Products, Inc.  today announced that one of its subsidiaries has acquired all outstanding shares of The UBEECO Group Pty.Universal Forest Products acquires Australian packaging manufacturer - MiBizUniversal Forest acquires $21M company - Grand Rapids Business Journal '
p9
aS"Universal Forest Products Inc. spending $11.5M to buy Northwest distributor MLive.com - Jun 21, 2016 based treated lumber manufacturer, Robbins Manufacturing Co., which maintains six facilities in Florida, Georgia and North Carolina.Why Are Top Fund Managers Buying This Building Products Stock? - Investor's Business Daily"
p10
a.