(lp0
S'Petersen Group Selects Unisys to Digitally Transform its Core Banking System PR Newswire  - 19 hours ago BUENOS AIRES, Argentina, March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  today announced that its subsidiary in Argentina has signed a new agreement with three of the four banks of Petersen Group (Nuevo Banco de Entre Ros, Banco&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Unisys Unveils Machine-Learning-as-a-Service to Automate Advanced Data ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 BLUE BELL, Pa., March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  announced today the launch of its Machine-Learning-as-a-Service, a new service offering that enables organizations to predict changes in business conditions and quickly&nbsp;...Unisys Unveils Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence - IoT Evolution World Highlighting Expertise in Advanced Data Analytics - Scoop.co.nz '
p2
aS'Unisys Launches Active Insights by Unisys, Providing Healthcare and Life ... PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 BLUE BELL, Pa., March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  today launched Active Insights by Unisys, a comprehensive, integrated medical device management platform providing healthcare and life sciences companies with the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Unisys Unveils Elevate by Unisys, an Omnichannel Digital Banking Platform ... PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 BLUE BELL, Pa., Feb. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  today announced the launch of Elevate by Unisys, an end-to-end, digital banking software platform and suite of applications designed to help financial institutions deliver ...'
p4
aS"BRIEF-Unisys Corporation names Paul Martin to board of directors Reuters - Feb 9, 2017 LOS ANGELES, March 10 Starbucks Corp on Friday said its business has not been hurt by a social media boycott campaign started in response to the chain's promise to hire 10,000 refugees globally over the next five years."
p5
aS'Unisys Corporation , Express, Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of Earnings The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago Presently Unisys Corporation  stock have an ABR of 1.00. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Unisys Corporation  - Fiscal Standard110459 Shares in Unisys Co.  Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS"Unisys Appoints Gary Wang and Peter O'Donoghue to Manage Its Cloud and ... PR Newswire  - Dec 23, 2016 Gary Wang has joined Unisys Federal as vice president, cloud and infrastructure services, and will manage the company's portfolio of cloud-related products and services for Unisys' federal government clients. Wang most recently served as chief ..."
p7
aS'New Unisys Stealth Software Automates Implementation of Advanced ... PR Newswire  - Dec 6, 2016 BLUE BELL, Pa., Dec. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  announced today the launch of Stealth, a new Unisys Stealth software application that takes the fight to cybercrime by enabling organizations to easily deploy&nbsp;...Unisys launches new technology to stop cybercrime in its tracks - Healthcare IT News'
p8
aS'President Barack Obama to Appoint Unisys President and CEO Peter Altabef to ... PR Newswire  - Dec 5, 2016 Unisys is a global information technology company that specializes in providing industry-focused solutions integrated with leading-edge security to clients in the government, financial services and commercial markets.'
p9
aS'Unisys Stealth Defeats Hackers at University of Hawaii &quot;Capture the Flag&quot; Event PR Newswire  - Oct 18, 2016 BLUE BELL, Pa., Oct. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  announced today that participants in a recent ethical hacking event sponsored by the University of Hawaii failed to access a computerized document protected by Unisys Stealth&nbsp;...'
p10
a.