(lp0
S'Newly Revealed Contracts From FOIA Requests Calls Into Question Ultimate ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 13, 2016 Spruce Point Capital Management is pleased to announce it has released the contents of a unique short idea involving The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. , a $5+ billion human resource software company where we see $110-$146 per share,&nbsp;...Will The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  miss earning estimates again? - The Independent Republic'
p1
aS'The Ultimate Software Group  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 We will begin with comments from Mitchell Dauerman. Mitchell K. Dauerman - The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Thank you, Jessica, and good afternoon and thank you to everyone for your interest in Ultimate Software.Ultimate Software Keeps Climbing Into the Cloud - Motley Fool3 Reasons Ultimate Software Should See A Top-Line Growth Surprise Next Year - Benzinga'
p2
aS'Renaissance Technologies LLC Invests $7977000 in The Ultimate Software Group ... The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago The Ultimate Software Group logo Renaissance Technologies LLC acquired a new position in shares of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  Mean Rating At $1.54 - RealistInvestor.comRobert Yanover Sells 200 Shares of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  Stock - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'The Ultimate Software Group  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Mitchell K. Dauerman - The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Okay. Thank you, Tom, and good afternoon and thank you, everybody, for your interest in Ultimate Software.'
p4
aS"Ultimate Software: A Company People Love To Hate Seeking Alpha - Jun 7, 2016 But the company is quite unique in being one of the few reasonable profitable names in the SaaS world. And the company offers investors a unique combination of growth, visibility, profitability and a long-term record of consistency that's hard to match."
p5
aS'Spruce Point Issues Strong Sell Investment Opinion On The Ultimate Software ... ValueWalk - Dec 14, 2016 Spruce Point Capital Management is pleased to announce it has released the contents of a unique short idea involving The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. , a $5+ billion dollar human resource software company where we see $110 - $146 per&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'The Ultimate Software Group Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for The Ultimate Software Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: The Ultimate Software Group Inc  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Manhattan Associates Inc  versus The Ultimate Software Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Ultimate Software acquires cloud workforce intelligence provider Seeking Alpha - Sep 30, 2016 Ultimate Software  announced that it has acquired San Francisco-based technology company Kanjoya Inc . Kanjoya founder Armen Berjikly and the entire award-winning Kanjoya team is joining Ultimate Software. Kanjoya&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Ultimate Software Delivers Another Solid Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 27, 2016 Recurring revenue rose 27% year over year, to a new company-record $158.5 million, representing 85% of total sales. For perspective, Ultimate Software Group's guidance provided last quarter called for slightly higher revenue of $187 million, including&nbsp;..."
p10
a.