(lp0
S"Unico American Corp. UNAM  Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p1
aS'Unico American - A Company I Would Love To Own Outright Seeking Alpha - Jan 22, 2013 When I first started reading about Unico American Corporation , I was expecting to just use this as a learning experience since this is the first insurance company I have truly evaluated.'
p2
aS'Unico American Corporation Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Business Wire  - Nov 9, 2016 CALABASAS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation  , announced today its consolidated financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.'
p3
aS'Unico American Corporation Announces the Appointment of Lester A. Aaron as ... Business Wire  - Aug 5, 2016 CALABASAS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation   today announced that pursuant to a unanimous resolution of the Board of Directors  of the Company dated July 25, 2016, and&nbsp;...CFO Moves: Unico American Names New CFO; Rambus Names Interim Finance Chief - Wall Street Journal '
p4
aS'Unico American Corporation Announces Review of Strategic Alternatives Business Wire  - Apr 4, 2016 CALABASAS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation   today announced its Board of Directors has authorized a review of strategic alternatives for the Company aimed at enhancing shareholder&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Unico American Corporation Reports Relocation of Headquarters Business Wire  - Sep 17, 2015 Headquartered in Woodland Hills, California, Unico is an insurance holding company that underwrites property and casualty insurance through its insurance company subsidiary; provides property, casualty, and health insurance through its agency&nbsp;...Unico Moves Offices to Calabasas - San Fernando Valley Business Journal'
p6
aS"Unico American Corporation Announces Asset Impairment and Filing of Related ... Business Wire  - Oct 15, 2015 CALABASAS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation  , announced that on October 9, 2015, the Company concluded that a charge for impairment of the Company's capitalized computer software&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Unico American Corporation Issues Statement Regarding Biglari Holdings Business Wire  - Nov 16, 2012 WOODLAND HILLS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation  , announced today that it has received inquiries and concerns from a number of its shareholders, the media and members of the general&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"AM Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Crusader Insurance Company and Unico ... Business Wire  - Oct 28, 2016 Additionally, A.M. Best has affirmed the Long-Term ICR of bbb- of Crusader's parent company, Unico American Corporation . The outlook of these Credit Ratings  is stable. Both companies are domiciled in Calabasas, CA."
p9
aS"Notable Stock: Unico American Corporation's  stock price finalizes at $9 ... WsNews 4investors - Mar 24, 2017 Unico American Corporation  stock price distance from twenty day simple moving average slumped at -2.22% while its distance from fifty day simple moving average declined -6.76% along with -11.82% below distance from two hundred simple&nbsp;..."
p10
a.