(lp0
S'Judge finds UPS liable to New York over cigarette shipments Reuters - Mar 24, 2017 NEW YORK A federal judge on Friday held United Parcel Service Inc  liable for having illegally shipped hundreds of thousands of cartons of untaxed cigarettes in New York, depriving the state and New York City of millions of dollars of taxes.Judge rules against UPS in untaxed cigarette case - The Seattle Times'
p1
aS"Taking a Look at the Data Behind United Parcel Service, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago United Parcel Service, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Air Delivery &amp; Freight Services.United Parcel Service, Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with the ... - Free ObserverWhat's Fueling Investor Confidence?  United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p2
aS'This Is What The Chart For United Parcel Service, Inc.  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - 16 hours ago The technicals for United Parcel Service, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p3
aS'Dividend News Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 United Parcel Service , better known as UPS, looks like it could be a very attractive dividend stock and one we are considering for our dividend portfolio.Latest Stocks: The United Parcel Service, Inc.  Upgraded at Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS"Technicals in Focus for United Parcel Service, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on United Parcel Service, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS"UPS' Dividend Outlook Isn't So Rosy Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 UPS  has continued to rely upon its capital returns for shareholders as a way to compensate for a stock price that is right in the same area it was two years ago."
p6
aS'United Parcel to Invest Over $90M in Natural Gas Lineup Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 United Parcel Service Inc.UPS recently decided to build six compressed natural gas  fueling stations and add 390 new CNG tractors and terminal trucks along with 50 liquefied natural gas  vehicles to its fleet.Stocks to Track: United Parcel Service, Inc.  , Zebra Technologies ... - NYSE Journal '
p7
aS"3 Big Stock Charts for Tuesday: Alphabet Inc , Amgen, Inc.  and ... Investorplace.com - 17 hours ago Today's three big stock charts looks at the price musings of United Parcel Service, Inc. , Alphabet Inc  and Amgen, Inc.  as three stocks that are facing similarly critical tests of their technical&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Buffett Stocks In Focus: United Parcel Service, Inc.  ValueWalk - Mar 8, 2017 Looking at Berkshire's stake in UPS, Buffett seems content to sit on his investment. He reported no buying or selling of United Parcel Service shares for the quarter ending December 31, 2016. Moreover, the Oracle of Omaha has held shares of UPS since&nbsp;...Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Fastenal Company , United Parcel ... - The USA CommerceWhat Type of Consensus Views Analysts hold about United Parcel Service, Inc.'s ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p9
aS'United Parcel Service, Inc.  shares to see major resistance at $105.66 USA Commerce Daily - Mar 27, 2017 With all other things going on, United Parcel Service, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -8.82 percent in just three months.'
p10
a.