(lp0
S'EOD Risers: United Technologies Corporation, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Walt Disney Co DirectorsTalk Interviews - 22 hours ago The share price for United Technologies Corporation EPIC code:  a company engaged in providing high technology products and services to the building systems and aerospace industries around the world, rose 0.03% or 0.03 points in&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"United Technologies' Unit Partners Lucid to Boost Portfolio Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago Automated Logic Corporation , part of UTC Climate, Controls &amp; Security, a unit of United Technologies Corporation UTX recently collaborated with Lucid, to create the next generation of EnergyReports energy analysis and reporting tool. Lucid is a&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'United Technologies Corporation  Closes 0.81% Up on the Day for March 28 Equities.com - 10 hours ago Shares of United Technologies Corporation  ended the trading day Tuesday at $112.74, representing a move of 0.81%, or $0.91 per share, on volume of 3 million shares.United Technologies Corporation performed Very Well with a change of 0.03% in ... - Free ObserverWhy to Keeping Eye on United Technologies Corporation , SLM Corporation ... - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'UTC Picks New York City For $300 Million Expansion Hartford Courant - Mar 27, 2017 Once again, a Connecticut company making a major investment in its digital business has been lured by another state offering tax breaks and the chance to succeed in a big city.'
p4
aS'Iran hits back at US sanctions Seeking Alpha - Mar 26, 2017 ... just days after the U.S. slapped penalties on 30 foreign entities for transferring sensitive technology to Tehran. The firms include Bent Tal, United Technologies , ITT Corp. , Raytheon , Re/Max Real Estate (NYSE:RMAX ...Iran sanctions 15 US firms, citing human rights abuses and Israel ties - ReutersIran Imposes Sanctions on 15 US Companies - New York Times'
p5
aS"Meet United Technologies Digital PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 FARMINGTON, Conn., March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new era of innovation is underway at United Technologies Corporation  featuring a state-of-the-art digital hub in Brooklyn, New York.Aerospace conglomerate to open $300M 'digital accelerator' in Dumbo - Technical.ly Brooklyn"
p6
aS'United Technologies Makes An Attractive Dividend Stock Seeking Alpha - Mar 11, 2017 The company has four business segments - Otis; UTC Climate, Controls &amp; Security; Pratt &amp; Whitney; and UTC Aerospace Systems.'
p7
aS'United Technologies: A Mildly Contrarian Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 5, 2017 United Technologies is in the midst of company-wide restructuring, and not before time: all its businesses need work.'
p8
aS"5 Things United Technologies' Management Wants You to Know Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 Anyone following or invested in United Technologies Corporation  knows that it faces near-term headwinds as the management team engages in positioning the company for long-term growth."
p9
aS'This Is What The Chart For United Technologies Corporation  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for United Technologies Corporation  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p10
a.