(lp0
S'Stock in Focus: Veeco Instruments Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Many investors may be looking to track stock price momentum by looking at different historical information. Veeco Instruments Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.51151. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing ...'
p1
aS'Veeco to buy California tech company Ultratech for $815M Newsday - Feb 2, 2017 The company will pay Ultratech shareholders $21.75 per share in cash and 0.2675 of a share of Veeco common stock for each Ultratech common share outstanding.Veeco Instruments  to Acquire Ultratech  in $815 Cash and Stock Deal - StreetInsider.comVeeco Instruments To Buy Ultratech In $815 Mln Deal - Nasdaq'
p2
aS"Veeco Instruments  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 To the extent that this call discusses expectations about market conditions, market acceptance and future sales of the company's products, Veeco's proposed acquisition of Ultratech, future disclosures, future earning expectations or otherwise make ...Stock Returns: Brooks Automation Inc  is Beating Veeco ... - CML NewsVeeco Instruments-Ultratech Would Be a 'Dream' Merger - TheStreet.com"
p3
aS"Veeco Instruments, Inc. Stock Jumps on Second-Quarter Results Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 What: Shares of small electronic materials and parts company Veeco Instruments  jumped as high as 18.8% on Tuesday, following the company's better-than-expected second-quarter results. The stock finished the trading day up just over&nbsp;...Veeco Instruments sales fall 42.7%, loss widens to $32M - Newsday"
p4
aS'Veeco Is Reinventing Itself, But Why Purchase Ultratech? Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 The acquisition of Ultratech by Veeco will enhance its product line and revenue growth in the Advanced Semiconductor Packaging market.Veeco to acquire Ultratech for $815 million - evertiq.com'
p5
aS"Veeco Instruments  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Veeco Instruments Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. ... To the extent that this call discusses expectations about market conditions, market acceptance and future sales of the company's products, future disclosures ...Veeco Instruments swings to a loss on charge, lower revenue - Newsday"
p6
aS'Increased Earnings Estimates Seen for Veeco Instruments : Can It Move ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Veeco Instruments Inc. VECO is a surface measurement manufacturer that could be an interesting play for investors. That is because, not only does the stock have decent short-term momentum, but it is seeing solid activity on the earnings estimate ...'
p7
aS'Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in Veeco Instruments Inc ... The Cerbat Gem - 19 hours ago Veeco Instruments logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Veeco Instruments Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Veeco Instruments Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS"FTC clears Veeco Instruments' $815M buy of Ultratech Newsday - Feb 21, 2017 The Federal Trade Commission has cleared Veeco Instruments Inc.'s $815 million cash and stock deal for a San Jose, Calif.VEECO INSTRUMENTS INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveVeeco Instruments Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 21 - Equities.com"
p9
aS"Hanging In With Veeco Instruments Seeking Alpha - May 10, 2016 Veeco Instruments  is a frustrating stock, I admit. It's the worst-performing stock in my portfolio, even after I averaged down late last year, and it's likely I'm not alone."
p10
a.