(lp0
S"Attorney general: Conspiracy tried to manipulate Video Display Corp. stock Atlanta Business Chronicle - Sep 3, 2014 A long-time member of the board of directors of Atlanta-based Video Display Corp. has resigned after New Hampshire's attorney general uncovered a long-running scheme to try to manipulate the price of the company's stock."
p1
aS'Stock in Focus: Video Display Corporation  SKV News - 12 hours ago Studying the immense amount of data regarding public companies can be a tough job. Many sharp investors will approach the equity markets from multiple angles.'
p2
aS'Video Display Corporation in Agreement to Sell Lexel Imaging Systems GlobeNewswire  - Jul 26, 2013 TUCKER, Ga., July 26, 2013  -- Video Display Corporation , a global leader in design and manufacture of specialty displays and display solutions, today announced a definitive agreement was signed to sell primarily all of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Glimpse into Apple Inc. , Universal Display Corporation , and the ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 21, 2017 Cowen is weighing in on the rumored iPhone 8 model from a bullish standpoint on both Apple Inc.  as well as Universal Display Corporation . While one analyst explores the multi-faceted features heavily anticipated for the&nbsp;...Universal Display Corporation Directors Announce Quarterly Cash Dividend of $0 ... - Yahoo FinanceOLED Tech Leader Universal Display Beats Q4 Goals, Will Pay Dividend - Investor's Business Daily"
p4
aS"PPG and Universal Display Corporation to Expand Production Capacity of ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 6, 2017 PPG  and Universal Display Corporation  today announced that Universal Display will invest $15 million in PPG's Barberton, Ohio, manufacturing facility to double commercial production capacity for Universal Display's proprietary&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Universal Display Corporation  is Beating Belden ... CML News - Feb 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Belden Inc  versus Universal Display Corporation  .Noteworthy Price Swings: Universal Display Corporation  - Is stories'
p6
aS"AT&amp;T and Verizon join advertising boycott against Google over offensive ... TechCrunch - Mar 23, 2017 The two telecommunication conglomerates issued statements on Wednesday that they will stop advertising on YouTube and Google's display network until they are reassured that their ads won't play ahead of videos with objectionable content. ... The ..."
p7
aS'Universal Display Corporation and Tianma Micro-electronics Enter into Long ... Yahoo Finance - Aug 4, 2016 Universal Display Corporation , enabling energy-efficient displays and lighting with its UniversalPHOLED technology and materials, today announced the signing of an OLED Technology License Agreement and Supplemental Material Purchase&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Universal Display Corporation  CML News - Feb 4, 2017 ... earnings for Universal Display Corporation has been a winner. This is the information that the top 0.1% have and now it's time for us all to see it."
p9
aS'AcuityAds Announces Intent to Acquire Analytics-led Video Advertising Leader ... Canada NewsWire  - Mar 9, 2017 AcuityAds Announces Intent to Acquire Analytics-led Video Advertising Leader, Visible Measures Corporation and Announces a CDN $7.5 Million Bought-Deal Private Placement Co-led by Paradigm Capital and Haywood Securities ... video, social and display ...'
p10
a.