(lp0
S"Valero: A Breakout Soon? Seeking Alpha - 20 hours ago Valero's stock looks ready to breakout above the $70 level - a level not seen since the end of 2015. If the trading range persists, investors are compensated with a solid yield of 4.25%."
p1
aS'Valero Energy Corporation added 0.68% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... Free Observer - 14 hours ago Currently, the market capitalization of Valero Energy Corporation  is 29.87 Billion. VLO has a 1-year high price of $71.4 and 1-year low price of $46.88.Why to Keeping Eye on Corning Incorporated , Valero Energy Corporation ? - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS'Chart Revelations As Seen From Valero Energy Corporation  NY Stock News - 14 hours ago The technicals for Valero Energy Corporation  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p3
aS'An intrinsic value calculation for Valero Energy Corporation  shows its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 24, 2017 In this article I am going to calculate the intrinsic value of Valero Energy  by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p4
aS"Valero Energy Corporation Will Participate In The Howard Weil Energy Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 6, 2017 SAN ANTONIO, March 06, 2017  -- Valero Energy Corporation  today announced that Joe Gorder, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Valero Energy Corporation will present at the Howard Weil Energy&nbsp;...Valero Energy Corporation  Dips 2.96% for March 02 - Equities.comValero Energy Corporation : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournal"
p5
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Valero Energy Corporation  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Valero Energy Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Baron Funds Comments on Valero Energy Corp GuruFocus.com - Mar 10, 2017 Shares of Valero Energy Corporation , the largest independent refining &amp; marketing company in the U.S., rose on solid third quarter results driven by lower operating costs and reduced capital budget guidance.'
p7
aS'Drilling Down Into Valero Energy Corporation  StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Valero Energy Corporation  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Oil &amp; Gas Refining &amp; Marketing.Analytical Guide for Valero Energy Corporation , Analog Devices, Inc ... - The USA CommerceAnalysts Opinion on Price Target: Valero Energy Corporation  - Post Registrar'
p8
aS"Form 8-K VALERO ENERGY CORP/TX For: Mar 27 StreetInsider.com - Mar 27, 2017 Senior management of Valero Energy Corporation  is updating the Company's investor presentation. The slides attached to this report were prepared for management's presentations."
p9
aS'What is the Sell-side Saying About Valero Energy Corporation ? Aiken Advocate - Mar 27, 2017 Wall Street analysts have a current quarter EPS estimate of $0.66 on shares of Valero Energy Corporation . Analysts and investors will be looking ahead to the next company earnings report which is scheduled to be on or around 2017-04-25 for&nbsp;...'
p10
a.