(lp0
S'Vornado Realty Trust Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for VNO Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 In trading on Wednesday, shares of Vornado Realty Trust  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $101.35, changing hands as low as $100.73 per share.Vornado Realty Trust  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 23 - Equities.comTraders Secrets on Vornado Realty Trust , Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS'Vornado Realty to Spin Off Washington DC Business Wall Street Journal - Oct 31, 2016 Landlord Vornado Realty Trust is cleaving off its giant portfolio of Washington, D.C., office buildings and apartments, spinning them into a new company that would be merged with JBG Cos.Vornado to spin off, merge its DC holdings with JBG - Washington Business JournalVornado Realty Trust  to Spin Off Washington, DC Business; Plans to Merge ... - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS"Is It Time to go for Vornado Realty Trust , Etsy, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Vornado Realty Trust  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 5.26 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 3.02&nbsp;...Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Vornado Realty Trust , WEC Energy  - The USA CommerceLatest Stocks: The Vornado Realty Trust  Price Target Increased to $114 ... - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS"Vornado pays Trump Organization millions each year The Real Deal Magazine - Feb 16, 2017 As it vies for federal work and funds, Vornado Realty Trust pays the Trump Organization tens of millions of dollars each year for its stakes in two of the REIT's office buildings.One of Government's Largest Landlords, Vornado, Pays Millions Each Year to ... - Wall Street Journal Trump's Ties To Infrastructure Advisors Roth And LeFrak Run Deep - Investor's Business Daily"
p4
aS"Vornado Realty Trust's CFO headed to JBG ahead of merger deal Washington Business Journal - Feb 14, 2017 Stephen Theriot, who has been CFO at Vornado  since 2013, will assume the same position for JBG Smith Properties effective Wednesday.Vornado Realty Trust's  CEO Steven Roth on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaVornado Realty Trust Q4 Profit Drops 10% - RTT News"
p5
aS'Vornado Realty Trust Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 But making Vornado Realty Trust an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of VNO entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $103.86 per share.Fmr LLC Boosts Position in Vornado Realty Trust  - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS"Noteholders snap up Vornado's Skyline for $200 million Washington Business Journal - Dec 21, 2016 Nor from Douglas Development Corp. Nor from MRP Realty. In the end, not a single one of Greater Washington's most active commercial real estate developers turned out Wednesday morning to cast a bid at the foreclosure sale for Vornado Realty Trust's 2.6&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Vornado Realty Trust : Earnings To Drop In The Year Ahead, Is It A Long ... Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 Analysts covering Vornado Realty Trust  are predicting the earnings to drop -53.5% in years' time. But an investor should be more concerned about the long-term trend."
p8
aS"Vornado's LA selloff is part of company's larger effort to slim down: Analysts The Real Deal Magazine - Oct 10, 2016 The sale of Vornado Realty Trust's last remaining Los Angeles property will be another step towards consolidation and simplification for the New York-based REIT, sources told The Real Deal."
p9
aS"BRIEF-Vornado Realty Trust says Stephen Theriot will become CFO of JBG Smith ... Reuters - Feb 13, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p10
a.