(lp0
S"Revenue up 9.1 percent for 25 largest US LTL carriers JOC.com - Mar 16, 2015 The carriers that didn't make the Top 25 list saw their combined revenue drop 6.6 percent, partly because of the sale of Canadian-owned Vitran Express in the U.S., which boosted revenue for Central Transport, and the shutdown last June of LTL carrier ..."
p1
aS'Forbes Earnings Preview: CH Robinson Worldwide Forbes - Oct 20, 2011 ... International of Washington , Pacer International , Hub Group , Roadrunner Transportation , Echo Global Logistics , Vitran Corp, Inc. , United Parcel Service , and J.B. Hunt Transport Services .'
p2
aS'Should You Buy YRC Worldwide, Inc. ? Insider Monkey  - Apr 19, 2013 These stocks are Frozen Food Express Industries, Inc. , Vitran Corporation, Inc.  , P.A.'
p3
aS"Transportation News: Is it Time for More Shippers to Join EPA's Smartway Program? Supply Chain Digest - Jan 8, 2008 The Smartway program was launched by the US EPA in 2004, and brings together major freight shippers, trucking companies, railroads, logistics companies and trade/professional associations to pursue strategies and tactics that will reduce emissions from ..."
p4
aS"TransForce to take over Contrans in mega-merger  Truck News - Jul 25, 2014 MONTREAL, Que. - Canada's largest trucking firm, TransForce, has made a friendly, board-approved takeover bid for Contrans, another of Canada's largest, publicly traded trucking firms."
p5
aS'Global Road Logistics Market 2014-2018 PR Newswire  - Oct 9, 2014 Road logistics refers to the movement of various commodities, inbound raw materials and other supplies from one place to another. Road is considered to be the main form of transportation and it accounts for approximately 74 percent of the total freight&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'BPL ration card holders to get LPG connection for free The Hindu - Aug 15, 2014 The Department of Food and Civil Supplies is going ahead with its initiative to provide clean and safe cooking fuel to the poor. All districts have been told to push for providing liquefied petroleum gas  connection to below the poverty line (BPL ...'
p7
aS'CARE ratings for Indian debt instruments-Mar 15 Reuters - Mar 15, 2017 ... Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam LtdIssuer Rating CARE BB  Reaffirmed Eastern Logica Infoway Ltd LT Bk Fac CARE BBB 300 Revised from CARE BBB- Emson Tools Manufacturing Corporation LT Bk Fac CARE BB- 180 Issuer not Ltd cooperating; ... One ...'
p8
aS'Jharkhand future rides on hope of investments in power sector Hindustan Times - Feb 15, 2017 PUVNL: The old Patratu Thermal power station  has been merged with Patratu Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited , the joint venture company of the state owned Jharkhand Bijli Vitran Nigam Limited  and National Thermal Power&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Influential American Defense Think Tank Lobbies For Preemptive War With China Sputnik International - Sep 5, 2016 On Friday, the RAND Corporation, America's single most influential military and defense strategy think tank issued a troubling new editorial in Newsweek magazine based on a July 28 report titled - War With China: Thinking Through the Unthinkable - in ..."
p10
a.