(lp0
S'Latest Stocks: The Vectren Corp  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment ... Petro Global News 24 - 16 hours ago Vectren Corp  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note issued on Thursday.Zacks Investment Research Lowers Vectren Corp  to Sell - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS"Vectren Corp's  CEO Carl Chapman on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 6, 2016 Thank you, Nan and good afternoon and thank you for joining us today on Vectren's 2016 third quarter earnings call. This call is being webcast and shortly following its conclusion, a replay will be available on our website at www."
p2
aS'UPDATE: KeyBanc Upgrades Vectren Corp.  to Overweight StreetInsider.com - Jan 12, 2017 KeyBanc upgraded Vectren Corp.  from Sector Weight to Overweight with a price target of $62. Analyst Paul Ridzon commented, &quot;We remain selective on Utilities for 2017 and are highlighting shares of AEP, NEE and VVC as our favorite ideas.'
p3
aS'Vectren Corp. Signs Agreement to Sell Its Wholly Owned Coal Mining Subsidiary ... Marketwired  - Jul 1, 2014 EVANSVILLE, IN-- - Vectren Corporation   announced today it has reached an agreement to sell its wholly owned coal mining subsidiary, Vectren Fuels, Inc., to Sunrise Coal, LLC ,&nbsp;...Vectren selling its coal-mining subsidiary, 850 jobs at stake - Indianapolis Star'
p4
aS"Vectren Corp.  VP Jerry Benkert to Retire StreetInsider.com - May 18, 2015 Stemming from the upcoming retirement of a tenured executive vice president, Vectren Corporation  Chairman, President and CEO Carl Chapman announced organizational changes that demonstrate the company's focus on improving the&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Vectren Corp  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 24, 2017 Vectren Corp logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Vectren Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Vectren Corp  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - The Cerbat GemMerchant Fund LP Palos Sells 738000 Shares of VVC Exploration Corp  Stock - Community Financial News'
p6
aS'Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Vectren Corp  to Sell BNB Daily  - Mar 23, 2017 According to Zacks, Vectren Corp., through its regulated subsidiaries Indiana Gas and SIGECO, offers gas and/or electricity to customers in adjoining service areas that cover nearly two-thirds of Indiana.The Vectren Corp  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS'Vectren Corp  Stake Decreased by Janus Capital Management LLC BNB Daily  - Mar 14, 2017 Vectren Corp logo Janus Capital Management LLC reduced its stake in shares of Vectren Corp  by 45.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Zacks: Analysts Set $54.67 Price Target for Vectren Corp  - Chaffey BreezeLatest Stocks: The Zacks: Analysts Set $54.67 Price Target for Vectren Corp  - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS'Dividend Growth Stock Overview: Vectren Corporation Seeking Alpha  - Feb 25, 2015 VVC provides natural gas and electricity to over 1 million customers in Indiana and Ohio. The company also services pipelines and manages renewable energy projects.'
p9
aS"OUCC Seeking Comment on Vectren Rate Increase Inside INdiana Business - Mar 27, 2017 The Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor is seeking public comment on Evansville-based Vectren Corp.'s  proposed seven-year, $514 million plan for system improvements.Insider Trading at VVC Exploration Corp? - Sports Perspectives"
p10
a.