(lp0
S"BNC Bancorp Completes Merger with Valley Financial Corporation PR Newswire  - Jul 1, 2015 ... announced the successful completion of its merger with Valley Financial Corporation , the parent company of Valley Bank , thereby expanding BNC's presence into Southwest Virginia and the Greater Roanoke MSA&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'North Carolina bank BNC completes purchase of Valley Bank Roanoke Times - Jul 1, 2015 Created by local business leaders in 1995, Valley Bank operates nine offices. It now belongs to a much larger organization of 37 offices in North Carolina and 12 in South Carolina.'
p2
aS"Valley Bank expects to merge with BNC Bank Roanoke Times - Nov 18, 2014 Rick Callicutt, president and CEO of BNC, described Valley Bank as a strong community bank in an economically healthy part of Virginia and a good vehicle for BNC's entrance into the Virginia market. The combined institution will have assets of about $5&nbsp;...Bank of North Carolina to acquire Virginia bank - Charlotte Business Journal"
p3
aS'F&amp;M Bank in Va. Acquires Title Insurance Firm American Banker - Jan 4, 2017 F&amp;M Bank Corp. in Timberville, Va., has acquired Valley Southern Title in Harrisonburg, Va. The $745 million-asset parent of Farmers &amp; Merchants Bank closed its acquisition of the title company on Monday, according to a Wednesday news release.'
p4
aS'Veteran local banker Gutshall announces retirement Roanoke Times - Feb 17, 2016 Gutshall entered banking as a management trainee at First Virginia Bank in 1973 after graduating from Washington and Lee University.'
p5
aS'Photo Release -- WSFS Bank Welcomes David W. Mills as Senior Vice President in ... GlobeNewswire  - 10 hours ago David brings with him 33 years of experience in commercial banking, along with a strong familiarity with the Delaware Valley. He started his career as a Relationship Manager at Meridian Bank and successors CoreStates Bank, First Union and Wachovia Bank&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Poca Valley Bank alleges debtor, guarantors owe $31000 West Virginia Record - Dec 1, 2016 6, 2011, Poca Valley Bank plaintiff provided a line of credit to Eddie's Tire and Service up to $30,000 with commercial guaranties from Eddie and Diana Smith."
p7
aS"Banks' mergers in West Virginia look solid Parkersburg News - Oct 2, 2016 Richard Adams is the chairman, chief executive officer, chairman of executive committee, Chairman of United Bank West Virginia and Chief Executive Officer of United Bank West Virginia, United Bankshares Inc. He stated the process of United purchasing a ..."
p8
aS"Miller Named Vice President of Bank HNN Huntingtonnews.net - Mar 22, 2017 MILTON, W.Va. - Ohio Valley Bank Chairman Jeffrey E. Smith recently announced the promotion of Jay D. Miller to Vice President, Business Development Officer of Ohio Valley Bank. Miller will continue serving customers from the Bank's offices in the&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Most Influential Virginians 2017 Virginia Business Magazine - Feb 28, 2017 Why he is influential: Aston has expanded TowneBank in recent years to become the second-largest Virginia-based community bank in terms of deposits. In rapid-fire fashion, the bank acquired Monarch Financial Holdings in Hampton Roads and Franklin&nbsp;...'
p10
a.