(lp0
S'EOD Risers: Nike Inc, Verizon Communications Inc., Visa Inc DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 27, 2017 The share price for Verizon Communications Inc. found using EPIC:  a holding company through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Digging Up the Facts on Verizon Communications Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 12 hours ago Verizon Communications Inc.  is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Telecom Services - Domestic.Active Volume Stock: Verizon Communications Inc.  - HugoPressBTIG Research Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Verizon Communications Inc.  - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"Verizon Teams Up with SES, 4K Content for FiOS TV Customers Nasdaq - 8 hours ago As per a recent FierceCable report, U.S. telecom behemoth Verizon Communications Inc.VZ has collaborated with Luxembourg-based satellite operator, SES, to test the latter's Ultra High Definition  platform in order to deliver 4K content to its FiOS&nbsp;...Verizon Communications Inc.  has agreed to start testing out 4K channels - Benchmark Monitor"
p3
aS"Verizon Communications Inc.  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Verizon Communications Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p4
aS"Can We Learn Anything From The Technical Chart of Verizon Communications Inc ... NY Stock News - 12 hours ago Verizon Communications Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p5
aS'EOD Risers: Verizon Communications Inc., Visa Inc, Walt Disney Co DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 20, 2017 Stock in Verizon Communications Inc. with company EPIC:  a holding company through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies,&nbsp;...What Analysts are Predicting For Verizon Communications Inc. , Southwest ... - The USA CommerceVerizon Communications Inc.  Closes 0.9% Down on the Day for March 22 - Equities.com'
p6
aS"Now Is the Perfect Time to Buy Verizon Communications Inc.  Stock Investorplace.com - Mar 10, 2017 In fact, Wall Street's forward-looking estimates are slowly but surely shrinking with each month. But the decline in Verizon stock spells opportunity. The company has three solid avenues toward growth and, if none of those pan out, another way to ...Verizon Communications Inc.  Closes 0.24% Up on the Day for March 09 - Equities.comJust the Facts on Verizon Communications Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS'Verizon And CBS Corporation Announce Multiyear Content Carriage Agreement PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Verizon Communications Inc.  and CBS Corporation  have announced a new multiyear content carriage agreement that includes continued retransmission consent of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Drexel Hamilton Reviews Verizon Communications Inc's  Two Quarters Smrt Stck Nws - 12 hours ago Drexel Hamilton reiterated its Buy rating on Verizon Communications Inc.  shares as its mid-quarter adoption of unlimited plans appears to be going well, and its restructured acquisition of Yahoo!"
p9
aS'Verizon: Dividend Sustainable, But Business Shrinking Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 Verizon Communications Inc.  is a telecommunication services company which has revenues shrinking in recent quarters although its current cash flow are still respectable.'
p10
a.