(lp0
S"Sluggish Conditions Continue to Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... Motley Fool - Oct 25, 2016 The sluggish global economy continues to impact Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies' , or Wabtec, financial results.Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Why to Keeping Eye on Teladoc, Inc. , Westinghouse Air Brake ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation , at its latest closing price of $75.02, it has a price-to-book ratio of 3.28, compared to an industry average at 1.76.Stock Returns: Allison Transmission Holdings Inc  is Beating ... - CML NewsLast Traded Price Fluctuations: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... - Is stories'
p2
aS"Global Economic Headwinds Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.'s ... Motley Fool - Jul 25, 2016 The global economic and currency headwinds that had been plaguing Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, over the past few quarters strengthened in the second quarter.Stifel Analyst Reiterates Buy on Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  - Smarter Analyst"
p3
aS'3 Things to Watch When Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2016 Despite the impact weaker commodity prices and the slowing global economy is having on the rail industry, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, had a fairly solid year in 2015, at least through the first three quarters. What ...'
p4
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF. In order to examine the forward looking risk for ...'
p5
aS'What to Watch When Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 While Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, faced challenges in some of its key markets last year, the company expects to deliver record results in 2016.'
p6
aS"Analyst's Indicator Review for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation ... The USA Commerce - Mar 22, 2017 Shares of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  dropped -1.46% to $76.14. During the trading on 03/21/2017.Analyst's Predictions on Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (WAB ... - StockNewsJournalYesterday's Consideration Mover: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... - Is stories"
p7
aS'Stock Levels in View for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (NYSE ... Rives Journal - 17 hours ago Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.14044. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p8
aS"Here's Why Caterpillar Inc., Joy Global Inc., and Westinghouse Air Brake ... Motley Fool - Apr 9, 2016 What: Shares of major industrial manufacturers Caterpillar , Joy Global , and Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. , finished March up strongly. This continued what has been a very run for all three stocks, going&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume ... Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 01, as the stock gained 1.54% to close at $81.35.'
p10
a.