(lp0
S"Why to Keeping Eye on FuelCell Energy, Inc. , Washington Federal, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Washington Federal, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Washington Federal Inc.  Stake Held by Teachers Retirement System of The ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS"Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Washington Federal, Inc ... The USA Commerce - 16 hours ago Presently Washington Federal, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 3.00. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell."
p2
aS'Why Washington Federal  Stock is an Attractive Pick Now Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 The financial sector has been in the spotlight of late and it is the right time to add some finance stocks to your portfolio. One such promising stock is Washington Federal, Inc.WAFD . Based on its strong fundamentals, we believe it has plenty of ...'
p3
aS"Washington Federal CEO Roy Whitehead plans to retire Puget Sound Business Journal  - Jan 5, 2017 Washington Federal Inc. Chairman and CEO Roy Whitehead says he will retire on April 1 and take the new position of executive chairman of the company's board.Washington Federal Announces CEO Succession Plan - PR Web "
p4
aS'Why Washington Federal  is a Fundamentally Sound Stock Zacks.com - Mar 9, 2017 On Mar 8, we issued an updated research report on Washington Federal, Inc.  . The company has been benefiting from smooth organic growth and a strong capital position.Washington Federal, Inc.  EPS Projection At $0.505 - RealistInvestor.com'
p5
aS'Washington Federal Hoping A New Model Can Drive More Growth Seeking Alpha - Dec 2, 2016 Historically a residential mortgage lender, Washington Federal has been shifting more of its lending toward commercial loan types in recent years, including C&amp;I and construction.'
p6
aS'BRIEF-Washington Federal says CEO Roy Whitehead to resign as CEO of both ... Reuters - Jan 4, 2017 LONDON, March 26 Technology companies must cooperate more with law enforcement agencies and should stop offering a &quot;secret place for terrorists to communicate&quot; using encrypted messages, British interior minister Amber Rudd said on Sunday.'
p7
aS'Washington Federal  Up 2.9% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Feb 17, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Washington Federal, Inc. WAFD. Shares have added nearly 2.9% in that time frame, underperforming the market.New Analyst Ratings On Washington Federal, Inc.  - NewsDen'
p8
aS"Washington Federal Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Washington Federal Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 21, as the stock lost 3.32% to close at $32.00. On the day, Washington Federal Inc. saw 833,656 shares trade hands on 7,420 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Analyst's Proposition on Washington Federal, Inc. , KCG Holdings, Inc.  - The USA CommerceAnalyst Observation On 2 Stocks: Washington Federal, Inc. , InterDigital ... - Post Analyst"
p9
aS"Why to Keeping Eye on Washington Federal, Inc. , Capital Bank Financial ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 20, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Washington Federal, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at - in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;..."
p10
a.