(lp0
S'Waters Corporation  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Waters Corporation is an analytical instrument manufacturer. The Company designs, manufactures, distributes and services instrument systems, columns and other chemistry consumables that are integrated and used along with other analytical instruments.'
p1
aS"Waters Corp.: Secular Tailwinds Will Lift The Share Price Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Waters Corporation's  business can be separated into two segments, development and marketing of analytical instruments and the thermal analysis division, also known as &quot;TA&quot;.251 hedge funds sold their entire positions in Waters Corporation  - Post AnalystZacks Rank on Waters Corporation  based on Estimated Earnings - Energy Index"
p2
aS'Waters Corp. Boosts Progenesis QI Software with Proteolabels Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Premium analytical laboratory instrument and software company, Waters Corporation WAT, recently expanded its Progenesis QI software with the launch of Proteolabels.'
p3
aS'Institutional Portfolio Favorite in Spotlight: Waters Corporation  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Based on the lastest quarterly filings, institutions continue to be large stakeholders in Waters Corporation . The big banks are holding 96.70% of the shares while company insiders are clinging to 3.20%.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Waters Corporation  - Fiscal StandardWaters Co.  Stake Cut by Federated Investors Inc. PA - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Waters Corp.  Rolls Out New Products at Pitcon 2017 Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Leading analytical laboratory instrument and software provider, Waters Corporation WAT unveiled its latest offerings at the Pittcon Conference and Expo, an annual conference and exposition on laboratory science.TA Instruments Introduces a New Discovery SDT System - AZoM'
p5
aS'Waters Corporation Announces Sherry Buck as Chief Financial Officer Business Wire  - Dec 8, 2016 MILFORD, Mass.----Waters Corporation  today announced Sherry Buck as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective January 9, 2017.Waters Corporation names Sherry Buck as CFO - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"Waters Corporation to Ring NYSE Closing Bell on March 2 Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Waters Corporation , a leading global analytical technologies company serving the life, materials and food sciences, will ring The Closing Bell at the New York Stock Exchange on March 2. Christopher J. O'Connell, President and Chief Executive&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"A day in the life of Kelly Doering, Waters Corporation Free Registration    - Mar 6, 2017 I lead a business team within Waters' Global Marketing Group that focuses on the promotion of mass spectrometry solutions to /Bioanalysis labs, mostly within the Pharma and CRO sectors."
p8
aS'Waters Corporation Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Waters Corporation  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p9
aS"Waters Honours Singapore's Bioprocessing Technology Institute  for ... Labmate Online - Mar 17, 2017 At a ceremony and symposium on 27 February, Waters Corporation welcomed into its Centers of Innovation Program the Bioprocessing Technology Institute , a research institute under Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology and Research&nbsp;..."
p10
a.