(lp0
S'Stock Returns: TrueCar Inc  is Beating WebMD Health Corp. (NASDAQ ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for TrueCar Inc  versus WebMD Health Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p1
aS'Special Opportunity For Small Investors In WebMD Health Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 WebMD is a company whose primary business is providing health information to consumers, doctors and healthcare professionals through public and private portals. The primary revenue sources are advertising, sponsorships and subscriptions. Below is&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Stock Watch: Focusing in on WebMD Health Corp.  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago WebMD Health Corp.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.99131. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p3
aS'Cowen Downgrades WebMD Health Corp.  to Market Perform StreetInsider.com - Mar 15, 2017 Cowen downgraded WebMD Health Corp.  from Outperform to Market Perform with a price target of $55.00 .WebMD Health Corp  EPS Projection At $0.27 - Markets DailyWebMD Health Corp. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p4
aS"Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on EverBank Financial Corp (EVER ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago WebMD Health Corp. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 8.35, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Cal-Maine Foods (CALM ... - The USA CommerceStocks to Keep Your Eyes on: WebMD Health Corp  , American Equity ... - NYSE Journal "
p5
aS"Citi Upgrades WebMD Health Corp.  to Buy StreetInsider.com - Jan 30, 2017 Citi upgraded WebMD Health Corp.  from Neutral to Buy with a price target of $65.00. Analyst Mark Kelley comments &quot;We've received a lot of in-bound calls on WBMD given its valuation, but have been hesitant to upgrade the stock until we&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Examining the Numbers on Shares of WebMD Health Corp.  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago WebMD Health Corp.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.300808. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p7
aS"WebMD, Worth A Shot After 18% Decline? Seeking Alpha - Sep 21, 2016 WebMD Health Corp's  stock price has declined from about $60 to below $49 in the past month and a half since Q2 earnings was reported on August 8. This 18% decline in stock value has caused me to look into the underlying company to&nbsp;...WebMD taps Zatz for CEO position - ModernHealthcare.comWhy Twitter Inc , Deutsche Bank AG   and WebMD Health Corp ... - Investorplace.com"
p8
aS'An intrinsic value calculation for WebMD Health Corp  shows investors ... Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 In this article I am going to calculate the intrinsic value of WebMD Health  using a method called discounted cash flow or DCF.'
p9
aS"How WebMD Health Corp  Delivered A Better ROE Than Its Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 While WebMD Health Corp's  45.6% ROE was above the industry average of 23.85%, the role of leverage must also be considered.WebMD Health Corp.  Lowered to Market Perform at Cowen and Company - Chaffey BreezeWebMD Health Corp.'s  stock price is Worth at $52.32 while ends ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p10
a.