(lp0
S"Wells Fargo to pay $110 million to settle lawsuit over account abuses Reuters - 9 hours ago Wells Fargo &amp; Co  said it agreed to pay $110 million to settle a lawsuit by customers challenging its opening of accounts without their permission, a practice that led to a scandal that cost the bank's chief executive his job.Wells Fargo Reaches $110 Million Fake Accounts Settlement - BloombergWells Fargo to pay US$110 million to settle lawsuit over account abuses - Channel NewsAsia"
p1
aS'Wells Fargo &amp; Co  Heffx Technical Analysis with Candlesticks Live Trading News - 2 hours ago During the past 10 bars, there have been 5 white candles and 5 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 30 white candles and 20 black candles for a net of 10 white candles.'
p2
aS"Wells Fargo Card Requests Drop by Most Since Scandal Erupted Bloomberg - Mar 20, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. said credit-card applications dropped 55 percent in February from a year earlier, the biggest decline since a scandal involving fake accounts erupted in September.Wells Fargo chided by Fed's Dudley over fake accounts scandal - MarketWatch"
p3
aS'Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across US in digital push Reuters - Mar 22, 2017 Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co are among the big banks that have announced digital upgrades to their ATM infrastructure, but Wells Fargo is the first U.S. bank to roll out cardless machines across its entire network. The 20 million ...Wells Fargo: Hardening Environment - Seeking AlphaWells Fargo &amp; Co  to Debut Cardless ATMs - Investorplace.com'
p4
aS"Scotiabank, TD reviewed internal sales practices after Wells Fargo scandal The Globe and Mail - Mar 27, 2017 At least two of Canada's largest banks audited their own sales practices last year, taking extra measures after a damaging sales scandal engulfed U.S."
p5
aS"Wells Fargo Case Shows Importance of Bank Culture, Fed Official Says Wall Street Journal  - Mar 23, 2017 WASHINGTONWells Fargo &amp; Co.'s phony-account scandal shows that regulators need to emphasize cultural issues at banks as much as they look at capital, liquidity and other quantitative measures of risk, Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco President&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"About: Wells Fargo  Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 Potential risk for Wells Fargo's earnings stability may arise from uncertain amount of litigation expenses related to questionable practices of retail sales."
p7
aS"Wells Fargo Unveils Cardless ATMs to Boost Digitalization Zacks.com - 17 hours ago Notably, customers need to log into their Wells Fargo mobile app which will provide an eight-digit code usable at all the company's ATMs around the country. With this, the debit or ATM card Personal Identification Number  will enable customers to ...Wells Fargo &amp; Co  Position Held by Lafayette Investments Inc. - The Cerbat GemThe Wells Fargo &amp; Co  Position Raised by Davis Capital Partners LLC - Petro Global News 24"
p8
aS'Wells Fargo Names Cravath Partner as New Top Lawyer Wall Street Journal  - Mar 6, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. named a new top lawyer Monday, ending a monthslong search for a new general counsel who will be tasked with helping the bank recover from its recent sales practices scandal.Wells Fargo names Allen Parker general counsel - ReutersWells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is a Hidden Gem Among Financials - Investorplace.com'
p9
aS"Wells Fargo CEO got nearly $13 million in compensation in 2016 MarketWatch - Mar 15, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. awarded Chief Executive Timothy Sloan $12.83 million in compensation for 2016 after he took over the embattled bank this fall following its sales practices scandal.Wells Fargo CEO Gets 17% Raise After Scandal Spurs Promotion - BloombergWells Fargo CEO: We will 'reassure' our investors  including Warren Buffett - CNBC"
p10
a.