(lp0
S'Why Duluth Holdings, Snap Inc., and Winnebago Industries Jumped Today Motley Fool - Mar 22, 2017 Winnebago CEO Michael Happe elaborated, &quot;Our second quarter results reflect our progress in transforming Winnebago into a larger company with greater scale, a more balanced portfolio, increased profitability and better positioned to compete effectively&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Winnebago Industries Inc. Earnings Advance 63% In Q2 Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017  - Winnebago Industries Inc.  revealed a profit for its second quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.Winnebago Industries Brings Out Sellers After Q2 Beat - BenzingaWinnebago Industries, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'Why Winnebago Industries, Inc. Stock Soared 24% Today Motley Fool - Oct 3, 2016 Shares of RV-maker Winnebago Industries, Inc.  rocketed higher today after announcing an acquisition of towable RV manufacturer Grand Design for $500 million in cash and newly issued shares.Why Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Stock Is Soaring Today - Investorplace.comWinnebago acquires RV maker Grand Design - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Winnebago Industries Inc., 40.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 Winnebago Industries Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p4
aS'Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Shares Bought by Comerica Bank The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Winnebago Industries logo Comerica Bank increased its position in Winnebago Industries, Inc.  by 4.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Griffin Securities - Chaffey BreezeWinnebago Industries, Inc.  Given Buy Rating at Griffin Securities - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Reaches $29.85 After 5.00% Down Move, Viavi ... Herald KS - 12 hours ago Among 7 analysts covering Viavi Solutions Inc , 6 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 86% are positive.'
p6
aS'Winnebago Industries Names Jeff Kubacki Vice President - Information ... Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2016 FOREST CITY, IA-- - Winnebago Industries, Inc.  today announced it has hired Jeff Kubacki to the position of Vice President - Information Technology, Chief Information Officer effective November 14, 2016.'
p7
aS'Winnebago Industries Inc.  Tumbled To A 4-Month Low After Downgrade RTT News - Mar 13, 2017 BMO Capital downgraded its rating on shares of Winnebago Industries Inc.  Friday morning to &quot;Market Perform&quot; from &quot;Outperform.Winnebago Industries Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 - Equities.comIn focus: Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Trading Patterns - Post Analyst'
p8
aS'Sell-side Target Update on Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago Equity analysts have a short-term target price of $33.75 on shares of Winnebago Industries, Inc. . This consensus data is compiled by Zacks Research.'
p9
aS'Winnebago - Investors Are Right To Exercise Some Caution Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Winnebago Industries  made a transformative deal in October of last year when it purchased Grand Design - a deal that I applauded.'
p10
a.