(lp0
S'Levels in Review for Weis Markets, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 10 hours ago Many investors may be looking to track stock price momentum by looking at different historical information. Weis Markets, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.13049. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing the ...'
p1
aS'Shares in Review: Weis Markets, Inc.  Rives Journal - 10 hours ago Weis Markets, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.609343. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p2
aS'Weis Markets Announces Plans To Purchase 38 Food Lion Locations From Food Lion ... PR Newswire  - Jul 14, 2016 SUNBURY, Pa., July 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Weis Markets, Inc. , a Mid-Atlantic food retailer, today announced it has reached a definitive agreement with Food Lion, LLC, to purchase the assets of 38 Food Lion supermarket locations operating&nbsp;...Weis Markets expands, buying 38 Food Lion stores, including 21 in Maryland - Baltimore Sun'
p3
aS"Four area Food Lions reopening as Weis Markets Fredericksburg.com - Oct 21, 2016 Weis Markets Inc., which is headquartered in Sunbury, Pa., announced in July that it was buying 38 Food Lion supermarket locations in Virginia, Maryland and Delaware from Delhaize Group, Food Lion's parent company."
p4
aS'Weis Markets Inc. plans to convert 38 Food Lion supermarkets Virginia Business Magazine - Sep 13, 2016 Pennsylvania-based Weis Markets Inc. plans to convert 38 Food Lion supermarkets in three states, including Virginia, to Weis stores by the end of October.Former Food Lion stores opening as Weis Markets this week - WCBC Radio'
p5
aS"Weis Markets converts two more former Food Lions in Maryland Baltimore Sun - Sep 29, 2016 Weis Markets Inc. will re-open two former Food Lion stores in Maryland under the Weis banner Friday. The stores in Edgewater in Anne Arundel County and Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County are among those Weis is converting after acquiring 38&nbsp;...Weis Markets opening today in Southern Maryland - So Md News "
p6
aS"Weis Markets Taking A Measured Approach - Should Investors Do The Same ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 Today, I'm looking at a regional grocery store chain that I find very interesting for its measured approach to expansion and its local produce program."
p7
aS'Sprouts Farmers Market Inc versus Weis Markets Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 27, 2017 Sprouts Farmers Market Inc has a higher fundamental rating than Weis Markets Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p8
aS"Weis Markets buys Nell's grocery store in East Berlin Central Penn Business Journal - Oct 5, 2016 The store and pharmacy will remain open in the weeks prior to the purchase's finalization, Weis Markets officials said."
p9
aS'With An ROE OF 7.1% In The Past Year, Can Weis Markets Inc  Catch Up To ... Simply Wall St - Mar 8, 2017 Weis Markets Inc  delivered 7.1% ROE over the past year, compared to 17.46% generated by its industry. While an inferior ROE points towards a relatively inefficient performance, knowing the nuts and bolts of ROE calculation may change that&nbsp;...'
p10
a.