(lp0
S"Wal-Mart Vs. Amazon Seeking Alpha - 12 hours ago Wal-Mart is introducing more mobile products that will enable it to compete on more even terms with the likes of Amazon. Despite this, we believe that Wal-Mart isn't far enough along the technological front to make meaningful progress on this front ..."
p1
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Closes 0.95% Up on the Day for March 28 Equities.com - 10 hours ago Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  ended the trading day Tuesday at $70.32, representing a move of 0.95%, or $0.66 per share, on volume of 7.19 million shares.Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Position Cut by Haverford Trust Co. - Chaffey BreezeLookout for Price Target? Activision Blizzard, Inc. , Wal-Mart Stores ... - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS"EOD Risers: United Technologies Corporation, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Walt Disney Co DirectorsTalk Interviews - 22 hours ago The share price for Wal-Mart Stores Inc ticker code:  a company engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world, gained 0.07% or 0.05 points throughout yesterday's trading day."
p3
aS'Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling Picture NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p4
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Closes 0.36% Down on the Day for March 24 Equities.com - Mar 24, 2017 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  ended the trading day Friday at $69.61, representing a move of -0.36%, or $0.25 per share, on volume of 5.77 million shares.9508 Shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Acquired by Parallel Advisors LLC - Chaffey BreezeWal-Mart Stores Inc  Position Raised by InterOcean Capital LLC - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Wal-Mart Stores Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.'
p6
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 The Dow Jones Industrial Average toppled another milestone Wednesday, breaching 21,000. One reason markets have continued to hit new highs is the expectation that President Donald Trump will soon unveil a plan for lower taxes on both corporations and&nbsp;...Three Giants Insiders Are Dumping: Apple Inc. , Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT ... - Smarter AnalystWal-Mart Stores, Inc. to Present at the Raymond James Institutional Investors ... - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Wal-Mart Stores Inc Implied Price Swing ... CML News - 10 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Wal-Mart Stores Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p8
aS"Wal-Mart's Vudu Launches Mobile Disc-to-Digital Service Zacks.com - Mar 23, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s  video on demand unit, Vudu has rolled out its first mobile offering which will convert DVDs and Blu-rays into digital collection.Walmart's Vudu Unveils First Mobile Disc-to-Digita Service - RTT News"
p9
aS'Impact Of Pricing War On Wal-Mart Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Wal-Mart is making aggressive price cuts to remain competitive against more nimble adversaries like Aldi. It will also be facing the might of Lidl as the German discount retailer opens its first store in the U.S. this summer. We will see further price ...'
p10
a.