(lp0
S'Spain and Portugal focused tungsten specialist W Resources mulling plans to ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 9, 2017 W Resources PLC  said it may list its copper and gold licences in a separate stock market vehicle as it confirmed it had raised 750,000 of dedicated funding to accelerate the development of the assets.W Resources Looks To Spin-Off Assets Into New London Listings  - London South East  '
p1
aS'Proactive weekly mining news  Kodal Minerals, Asiamet, W Resources Proactive Investors UK - Mar 11, 2017 Kodal Minerals PLC  rocketed this week as a Chinese group agreed to buy in at a huge premium to the share price and negotiations began for an offtake deal for lithium from its Bougouni asset in Mali.'
p2
aS"W Resources' Michael Masterman pleased with very good start at La Parrilla ... Proactive Investors UK - Jul 27, 2016 W Resources PLC  had a blast at La Parrilla, the company's new mine in Spain, where fast-track operations have now begun."
p3
aS'W Resources chairman hoping to lock in JV partner at La Parilla Proactive Investors UK - Jun 16, 2015 The chairman of W Resources , Michael Masterman, says the company is looking to strike a deal with a joint venture partner after completing a six-month mine development study at its La Parrilla site in Spain.'
p4
aS'Should You Buy These 3 Major Movers? French Connection Group, W Resources PLC ... The Motley Fool UK - Feb 5, 2016 Shares in clothing company French Connection  have risen by around 9% today, Friday, despite there having been no significant news flow having been released by the company.'
p5
aS'Inside the Numbers: Looking at This Stock: W Resources Plc  Baldwin Journal - Feb 17, 2017 Taking a look at the numbers, W Resources Plc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -96.33. The CCI technical indicator can be used to help determine if a stock is overbought or oversold.'
p6
aS'Northland Capital Partners View on the City - Motif Bio plc, W Resources Proactive Investors UK - Aug 16, 2016 NORTHLAND CAPITAL PARTNERS VIEW: Positive news for W Resources, with the Company securing US$1.2m of the finance required for its Stage 1 Mining, with a non-binding agreement for an additional US$2m.'
p7
aS'Breakfast News - AIM Breakfast : China Africa Resources, CAP-XX, Nautilus ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 9, 2017 Therefore, the Board has decided to evaluate alternatives to separate these projects from W and is considering strategies including listing them in a new vehicle on the London Stock Exchange.'
p8
aS'W Resources  Broker Roundup Fiscal Standard - Mar 1, 2017 W Resources Plc is engaged in the tungsten production, exploration and development through its subsidiaries, which include Iberian Resources Spain SL and Australian Iron Ore Plc.'
p9
aS'W Resources  Analyst Target Changes Fiscal Standard - Feb 17, 2017 W Resources Plc is engaged in the tungsten production, exploration and development through its subsidiaries, which include Iberian Resources Spain SL and Australian Iron Ore Plc.'
p10
a.