(lp0
S"Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago On March 27, 2017 Don Carlos Bell III informed the Board of Directors of Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  that he will not be seeking nomination to the Company's Board of Directors for the upcoming 2017 term year due to his recent ..."
p1
aS"Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 It serves commercial and government markets with solutions in distributed antenna systems , cellular/mobile, wireless fidelity, worldwide interoperability for microwave access , private mobile radio, satellite, cable, radar, avionics ...Wireless Telecom Group Announces Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial ... - Business Wire Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.'s  has stock value of $1.38 per share ... - Street Updates"
p2
aS'Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  Acquires CommAgility, Ltd. StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. , a leader in advanced wireless communications solutions, announced today it has acquired CommAgility, Ltd.Wireless Telecom Group acquires CommAgility for $18.8M - NJBIZStock Returns: PAR Technology Corporation  is Beating Wireless ... - CML News'
p3
aS'PAR Technology Corporation versus Wireless Telecom Group Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 27, 2017 PAR Technology Corporation has a higher fundamental rating than Wireless Telecom Group Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p4
aS'Wireless Telecom Group appoints CFO NJBIZ - Dec 8, 2016 Wireless Telecom Group Inc., a designer and manufacturer of radio frequency and microwave-based products, announced Wednesday it has appointed a new chief financial officer.CFO Moves: Wireless Telecom, China Oriental Group, Quantum Pharma - Wall Street Journal '
p5
aS'Wireless Telecom Group Announces European Distribution Partnership with AR Europe Business Wire  - Jan 5, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. , today announced an agreement with AR Europe for the distribution of its Boonton Electronics and Noisecom products throughout Europe.'
p6
aS'Wireless Telecom Group Announces Appointment of Michael Kandell as CFO Business Wire  - Dec 7, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. , a leading provider of high-performance radio frequency infrastructure and test &amp; measurement solutions for wireless and advanced communications, announced today&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Is Wireless Telecom Group Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About Its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 In any company, including Wireless Telecom Group Inc  which has zero-debt on its balance sheet, there are well known benefits of including debt in the capital structure, primarily a lower cost of capital - due to debtholders' higher claim on&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  Names New CEO StreetInsider.com - Jun 30, 2016 Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  announced that its board of directors has appointed current board member Timothy Whelan as WTT's new Chief Executive Officer."
p9
aS'MOCON Inc versus Wireless Telecom Group Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 MOCON Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Wireless Telecom Group Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p10
a.