(lp0
S'Willamette Valley vineyards building facilities to make white, sparkling wines Capital Press - Mar 21, 2017 Domaine Serene, of Dundee Hills, has begun construction of an 8,000-square-foot winery dedicated to producing Chardonnay, sparkling wine and a white version of Pinot noir, the wine that made the Willamette Valley a player in the international wine scene.Willamette Valley: The New Burgundy - Tahoe WeeklyBreaking Down Borders in Pacific Northwest Wine - Wine Enthusiast Magazine'
p1
aS'Willamette Valley Vineyards: Preferred Stock With A Palatable 5% Yield Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2016 Summary. Willamette Valley Vineyards, Inc. has issued preferred stock with delectable benefits. Preferred shareholder vote on Feb 28th to determine issuance of more shares or another class of preferreds.'
p2
aS"Willamette Valley Vineyards Posts a Profit for 2016 PR Newswire  - Mar 23, 2017 Willamette Valley Vineyards, Inc. is headquartered at its Estate Vineyard near Salem, Oregon. The Company's common stock is traded on NASDAQ ."
p3
aS'Willamette Valley Vineyards raising $6 million Statesman Journal - Aug 19, 2015 Willamette Valley Vineyards is hoping to tap into the passion of Oregon and Washington wine enthusiasts to raise $6 million through a new preferred stock offering, according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Willamette Valley Vineyards Offers Stock to Fund Two New Wineries Owned by ... - PR Newswire '
p4
aS"Willamette Valley Vineyards sues Five Cent Farm Statesman Journal - Jul 25, 2015 Willamette Valley Vineyards, based in Turner, has filed a lawsuit claiming more than $400,000 of economic loss from damage done to their pinot noir grapes.'Herbicide drift' destroyed 12 tons of high-end grapes, pinot noir winemaker ... - OregonLive.com"
p5
aS"Oregon's Willamette Valley: Wine Country Travel Without the Headaches Wall Street Journal - Sep 22, 2016 Looking for a wine-country trip without the overpriced tasting rooms and crowded restaurants? Go west, young tourist. The Willamette Valley, near Portland, is home to more than just America's best Pinot Noirfrom truly great eats to accommodations in ..."
p6
aS'Willamette Valley Vineyards SouthCoastToday.com  - Jul 1, 2016 Of all the wineries I deal with, there is none that more proactive as Willamette Valley Vineyards . I cannot believe the mailings and support I get from them.'
p7
aS'5 ways to discover Willamette Valley wine country OregonLive.com - Nov 1, 2016 Willamette Valley wine country beckons! With more than 500 wineries in the region stretching from Portland to Eugene, there are numerous ways you can chart your discovery of world-class pinot noir and other fine wines.'
p8
aS"Willamette Valley region wins Wine Star award Statesman Journal - Nov 10, 2016 Wine Enthusiast magazine named the Willamette Valley its Wine Region of the Year as a part of its prestigious Wine Star Awards, according to a press release. Other nominees include Sonoma, Provence, Champagne and Crete. Both the Rhne Valley in&nbsp;...Oregon's Willamette Valley Wins Wine Enthusiast'sPrestigious 2016 Wine Star ... - PR Newswire "
p9
aS"Breaking Down: Willamette Valley Vineyards Inc  Stock Drop Below ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Willamette Valley Vineyards Inc has a one bull  technical rating because it's trading below the 10 day, 50 day and 200 day simple moving averages while the 10-day moving average is below the 50-day moving average and the 50-day&nbsp;..."
p10
a.