(lp0
S'Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $37816000 Stake in Web.com Group Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 19 hours ago Web.com Group logo Dimensional Fund Advisors LP decreased its stake in Web.com Group Inc  by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.'
p1
aS'Web.com Group Inc  Earns Equal Weight Rating from Analysts at Barclays PLC The Cerbat Gem - 10 hours ago Web.com Group logo Research analysts at Barclays PLC initiated coverage on shares of Web.com Group Inc  in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday.'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Wix.com Ltd.  is Beating Web.com Group Inc  CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Web.com Group Inc  versus Wix.com Ltd.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Web.com Group Inc  is Beating Endurance ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Endurance International Group Holdings Inc  versus Web.com Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p4
aS'Stock Target in Focus for Web.com Group, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Sell-side equity research analysts have handed shares of Web.com Group, Inc.  a short term price target of $N/A.'
p5
aS'WEB.COM GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Feb 14, 2017 WEB.COM GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Web.com Group Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 24, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Web.com Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Web.com Group Inc  versus Xactly Corporation (NYSE ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Web.com Group Inc  versus Xactly Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Web.com Completes Donweb.com Acquisition GlobeNewswire  - Feb 1, 2017 JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 01, 2017  -- Web.com Group, Inc. , a leading provider of Internet services and online marketing solutions for small businesses, today announced that it has completed the acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Web.com Group Inc Stock Volatility Hits An ... CML News - Mar 24, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Web.com Group Inc  has seen its stock price move at an inflection point level.'
p10
a.