(lp0
S'Exxon Mobil Corporation  Just Got Hit By This New Energy Problem Investorplace.com - Mar 27, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corporation  lost a key decision in an ongoing climate change battle last Wednesday. When a New York judge ordered the oil giant to turn over correspondence from its executives on potential impacts of changing temperatures on&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Exxon's Permian Acquisitions Illustrate 3 Tactics Driving Value Seeking Alpha - 9 hours ago At the beginning of March, Exxon Mobil's  CEO Darren Woods hosted their 2017 Analyst Meeting in New York. A large portion of the presentation segment focused on the company's recent acquisition in the Permian.EOD Risers: Exxon Mobil Corporation, Intel Corporation, Johnson &amp; Johnson - DirectorsTalk InterviewsWith Oil Under $50, Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock Is On Fumes - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS"What Exxon Mobil Was Able To Do That Its Big Oil Peers Weren't Seeking Alpha - 18 hours ago The great feat of Exxon Mobil Corporation  was its ability to post real earnings during the lows of the oil &amp; gas downturn while its peers floundered.DJIA's Worst Performing Stock in 2017 Is Exxon Mobil - 24/7 Wall St."
p3
aS'Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their Exxon Mobil Corporation ... PR Newswire  - 15 hours ago The new research portal will provide visitors with unparalleled access to company research on Exxon Mobil, alongside comprehensive market research on their position within the global oil and gas industry.'
p4
aS"7 Reasons to Buy Exxon Mobil Corporation and Never Sell Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 ExxonMobil Corporation  is one of the world's largest integrated energy companies. If you're thinking about investing in the oil and natural gas industry, you should put this diversified global player on your short list.What Does Buying Exxon Mobil Mean? - Seeking AlphaExxon's New CEO Shifts Investments to Quick-Earning Shale Oil - Bloomberg"
p5
aS"Trade Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock While It's Discounted Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 If you've been long Exxon Mobil Corporation , it's been a tough start to 2017. But a drilling of XOM stock is now offering attractive value both off and on the Exxon Mobil price chart.Exxon Mobil Investors May Have To Wait Longer - Seeking AlphaExxon Mobil Is DJIA's Worst Performing Stock in 2017 - 24/7 Wall St."
p6
aS'Exxon Mobil to decide soon on $10B Texas petrochemical plant FuelFix  - Mar 22, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corp. said it will decide as soon as May whether to move forward with a planned $10 billion petrochemical complex north of Corpus Christi now that it has the desired tax breaks approved.'
p7
aS'Will Exxon Mobil Keep You Up At Night? Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2017 The oil glut has longer legs than most expected and shows no signs of abatement. Exxon is not presently discounted enough to qualify as a buy and hold and forget about it stock.'
p8
aS"Exxon Mobil Is A Buy Right Now Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corporation  has made headlines in recent months due to Rex Tillerson, the energy giant's former chairman and CEO who Donald Trump has appointed U.S.Exxon to invest $20 billion on US Gulf Coast refining projects - CNBCWhite House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release - Huffington Post"
p9
aS'Exxon Mobil Corporation : Big CapX For Big Oil Simply Wall St - Mar 14, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corporation  plans to spend about $20 billion on refineries, petrochemical plants and other projects in and around the Gulf of Mexico.Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock Has Become a Bargain - Investorplace.comExxon Mobil And The Case Of Disappearing FCF - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.