(lp0
S"Xerium Ships First Forming Fabric from Its Kunshan, China, Plant Business Wire  - Mar 27, 2017 YOUNGSVILLE, N.C.----Xerium Technologies, Inc. , a leading global provider of industrial consumable products and services, today announced that it recently shipped its first forming fabric from the Company's Kunshan, China&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Xerium Technologies Inc. XRM  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Xerium Technologies Inc.XRM. Significant News Only. 03/17/17; Press Release. Xerium CEO Harold Bevis Interviewed on The RedChip Money Report.'
p2
aS'Omega Flex Inc versus Xerium Technologies Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 16 hours ago Omega Flex Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Xerium Technologies Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p3
aS'Xerium Technologies Inc. to close Virginia manufacturing plant Triangle Business Journal - Oct 16, 2015 Youngsville-based Xerium Technologies Inc.  says it will close its roll manufacturing plant in Middletown, Virginia, by March 2016.'
p4
aS'Xerium Technologies  Says Second Process to Market Company is Unnecessary StreetInsider.com - Apr 1, 2016 Xerium Technologies, Inc.  has received inquiries from certain investors regarding whether the Board of Directors  is considering a process to sell the Company.'
p5
aS'Xerium Technologies  Misses Q1 EPS by 23c; Acquires JJ Plank Corporation StreetInsider.com - May 4, 2016 Xerium Technologies also announced that it has acquired the business of J.J. Plank Corporation, including its Spencer Johnston brand spreader roll line and related family of product lines for $18 million, comprised of $16.25 million in cash at closing ...'
p6
aS'Xerium: Highly Levered, But Paper Industry Is Better Placed Seeking Alpha - Oct 18, 2016 Xerium Technologies  is a heavily levered micro-cap supplier of consumables used in paper manufacturing. Barely followed, it is hardly the kind of name that institutional investors find comfortable to own during difficult times, but with prospects&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Xerium Technologies'  CEO Harold Bevis on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 28, 2016 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Xerium Technologies 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode."
p8
aS'Xerium Technologies Inc Realized Volatility Hits An Amplified Level CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Xerium Technologies Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20 ...'
p9
aS'Taylor Devices Inc versus Xerium Technologies Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Taylor Devices Inc has a higher fundamental rating than Xerium Technologies Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p10
a.