(lp0
S'Ixia makes the 100% channel pledge ComputerWeekly.com - Feb 27, 2017 &quot;Ixia fully recognises that our global partner ecosystem plays a vital role in delivering the innovation, expertise, and excellence enterprise customers are seeking today,&quot; stated Bethany Mayer, CEO of Ixia. &quot;Relying 100 percent on channel partners to ...Ixia ups channel play with 100% channel focus for enterprise sales - ChannelLife NZ'
p1
aS'Frost &amp; Sullivan Applauds Ixia for Developing CloudStorm, a Remarkable Multi ... PR Newswire UK  - 19 hours ago SANTA CLARA, California, March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Based on its recent analysis of the application and network security test market, Frost &amp; Sullivan recognizes Ixia with the 2017 Global Frost &amp; Sullivan Award for New Product Innovation.'
p2
aS"Ixia Releases First Annual Security Report, Showing Current And Future Threats ISBuzz News - Mar 20, 2017 Ixia, a leading provider of network testing, visibility and security solutions, has announced the release of the first Ixia Security Report, a summation of 2016's biggest security events including findings from Ixia's Application and Threat ...Poor Passwords, Cloud and Network Complexity Plague Orgs - Infosecurity Magazine"
p3
aS'Ixia moves to 100% channel sales for enterprise products ChannelBiz UK - Feb 28, 2017 Ixia fully recognises that our global partner ecosystem plays a vital role in delivering the innovation, expertise, and excellence enterprise customers are seeking today, said Ixia CEO, Bethany Mayer. Relying 100 percent on channel partners to ...'
p4
aS'Ixia Delivers First 50 Gigabits Per Second Light Reading - Mar 23, 2017 CALABASAS, Calif. -- Ixia, a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, is demonstrating a groundbreaking 200 Gigabit Ethernet  live at OFC 2017, The Optical Networking and Communication Conference &amp; Exhibition, which ...'
p5
aS"Barefoot Networks Chooses Ixia IxNetwork and Novus Test Solutions to Validate ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, today announced that Barefoot Networks chose Ixia's 100 Gigabit Ethernet  test solutions to validate its Tofino series of high-performance programmable switches."
p6
aS'Test and Measurement: Ixia Security Report finds shifting network environment RCR Wireless News - Mar 24, 2017 Attack surfaces are increasing in step with the growth in IT complexity in three specific dimensions:  the number of data locations where data resides,  data throughput, and  IT tool complexity, according to the new Ixia Security Report ...'
p7
aS'Keysight pre-funds Ixia acquisition International Financing Review - Mar 21, 2017 Keysight pre-funds Ixia acquisition. 21 March 2017 By Anthony Hughes. This content is only available to IFRe.com subscribers.'
p8
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky &amp; Long, PA Files Class Action Suit Against Ixia GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Rigrodsky &amp; Long, P.A. announces that it has filed a class action complaint in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on behalf of holders of Ixia  common stock in connection with the proposed acquisition ...'
p9
aS'Ixia and SnapRoute Demonstrate Performance and Interoperability Testing for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, and SnapRoute Inc., a leading open source network stack provider, will provide attendees at the OCP Summit, March 8th and 9th in Santa Clara, first-hand ...'
p10
a.