(lp0
S'What Analysts are Predicting For Zillow Group, Inc. , Popular, Inc. ? The USA Commerce - 16 hours ago Presently Zillow Group, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 2.20. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.Institutional Investors Continue to Own the Majority of Company Shares: Zillow ... - Midway MonitorNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Zillow Group, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS"Cimpress NV versus Zillow Group Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - 16 hours ago These companies have the same star rating so the head-to-head compare will rely on a deep dive into specific metric comparisons. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition. The rating is&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Why Zillow Group, Proofpoint, and Accenture Slumped Today Motley Fool - Mar 23, 2017 Shares of online real estate platform company Zillow Group fell 5% after real estate news site Inman highlighted  the possibility that Zillow's mortgages business may have violated mortgage regulations.Deutsche Bank: Zillow's lender leads drawing scrutiny - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Why Zillow Group, Inc. , Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc  and Credit ... Investorplace.com - Mar 23, 2017 The bulls tried to chip away at Tuesday's loss, with the S&amp;P 500 up for the better part of the day. Once Congress opted to postpone a vote on the pivotal repealing and replacing of Obamacare though, investors protested."
p4
aS'Zillow: An Overly Sanguine Hedge Fund Call Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Zillow Group   has recently been touted by a hedge fund as its best pick. In November 2016, a well-known hedge fund in Australia, Caledonia, took a stake in Zillow and explained that the company was its largest ever bet in its 22 ...'
p5
aS'Zillow Group, Inc.  Stake Maintained by Allianz Asset Management AG BNB Daily  - 20 hours ago Zillow Group logo Allianz Asset Management AG held its position in shares of Zillow Group, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Latest Stocks: The Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 4710 Shares of Zillow Group ... - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Stock in Review: Zillow Group, Inc.  Rives Journal - 14 hours ago Zillow Group, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.246056. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p7
aS'Zillow Group, Inc.- Class C  Analyst Estimates &amp; Target Update Aiken Advocate - 17 hours ago Street analysts that cover Zillow Group, Inc.- Class C , currently have a target price of $40.666 on company shares.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: SINA Corporation  versus Zillow Group Inc  CML News - Mar 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for SINA Corporation  versus Zillow Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'The Case for and Against Zillow Group, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 24, 2017 Zillow Group, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers.'
p10
a.