(lp0
S'EnSync Energy to Present at 29th Annual ROTH Conference PR Newswire  - Mar 6, 2017 MILWAUKEE, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EnSync, Inc. , dba EnSync Energy Systems, a leading developer of innovative distributed energy resource  systems and internet of energy  control platforms for the utility,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'EnSync Energy to Feature Live Operation of Commercial Sites Utilizing DER Flex ... PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 MILWAUKEE, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EnSync, Inc. , dba EnSync Energy Systems, a leading developer of innovative distributed energy resource  systems and internet of energy  control platforms for the utility,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'EnSync Inc  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Rodman &amp; Renshaw Sports Perspectives - 6 hours ago Analysts at Rodman &amp; Renshaw initiated coverage on shares of EnSync Inc  in a report released on Tuesday. The firm set a buy rating and a $1.50 price target on the stock.EnSync Inc  Given a $2.00 Price Target by HC Wainwright Analysts - Community Financial NewsEnSync Inc  is Initiated by Rodman &amp; Renshaw to Buy - Highland Mirror'
p3
aS'EnSync Delivers Notice of Default to SPI Solar, Inc. Under Supply Agreement PR Newswire  - Oct 24, 2016 MILWAUKEE, Oct. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- EnSync, Inc. , dba EnSync Energy Systems, a leading developer of innovative energy management systems for the utility, commercial, industrial and multi-tenant building markets (the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'ZBB Energy changes name to EnSync Inc. Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Aug 17, 2015 Menomonee Falls-based ZBB Energy announced today it is changing its name to EnSync Inc., a developer of innovative energy management systems for the utility, commercial, industrial and multi-tenant building markets.'
p5
aS'EnSync acquires DCfusion BizTimes.com  - Mar 2, 2017 DCfusion engineers direct current systems. It also consults and offers policy recommendations in the DC system space. It will operate in place as a subsidiary of EnSync Inc. It has just two employees, who are the founders and principals. According to ...'
p6
aS'Further Signs of an Uptrend in EnSync Inc  Scibility Media - Nov 14, 2016 Bulls had EnSync Inc  in their cross hairs on Friday, leading the stock to sharp gains on higher volume. Shares in EnSync closed Friday at $0.99, up 26.91%, on volume of 1.03 million shares.'
p7
aS"EnSync gives Chinese firm more time to order batteries Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Dec 14, 2016 EnSync Energy Systems Inc.on Wednesday said it has granted an extension to Solar Power Inc., a Chinese solar project development company, to place orders for EnSync's battery systems. EnSync, formerly ZBB Energy Corp., reached a deal in 2015 that&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"EnSync Breaks Ground on Hawaii's First PPA Project Integrating PV, Storage and ... Marketwired  - Oct 13, 2015 MILWAUKEE, WI-- - EnSync, Inc. , dba EnSync Energy Systems, a leading developer of innovative energy management systems serving the commercial, industrial and multi-tenant building markets, broke&nbsp;...Developer to install Hawaii's first energy combo system at condo tower - Pacific Business News "
p9
aS'Shorting Overbought Small Cap EnSync Inc SmallCap Network - Oct 17, 2016 Small cap EnSync, Inc, dba EnSync Energy Systems, is enabling the future of electricity with advanced energy management systems critical to a global economy becoming increasingly reliant upon the expansion of renewable energy.'
p10
a.