(lp0
S"Quiksilver Inc. Renamed Boardriders Inc. SGB Media    - Mar 8, 2017 Quiksilver Inc. has changed its corporate name to Boardriders Inc. The new name is intended to represent the company's full range of action sports brands - Quiksilver, Roxy and DC Shoes - unified by the boardriding culture and heritage.Boardriders: Quiksilver Inc. has a new name, sees post-bankruptcy growth - OCRegisterQuiksilver Turns to Growth With Boardriders Name Change, Hospitality Expansion - WWD"
p1
aS"Quiksilver, Inc. changes name to Boardriders SurferToday - Mar 9, 2017 Six months after filing for bankruptcy, Quiksilver, Inc. announced a new corporate name for the firm. Boardriders, Inc. is the new company behind three historic surf brands: Quiksilver, Roxy, and DC Shoed.Why Skate and Surf Mecca Quiksilver Is Changing Its Name - Footwear NewsOC's Quiksilver bankruptcy rebranding; Now Boardriders Inc. - MyNewsLA.com"
p2
aS'Quiksilver files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy for US units Reuters - Sep 9, 2015 Struggling surfwear maker Quiksilver Inc ZQK.N said it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for its U.S. units on Tuesday.Quiksilver Files for Bankruptcy Protection in Delaware - Bloomberg'
p3
aS'Quiksilver Inc. Stock Pops 6.31%: Market Cap at $381.19 Million TheInertia.com - Jan 11, 2015 On January 8th, Quiksilver, Inc. reached a market cap  of nearly $382 million dollars.'
p4
aS'Quiksilver, Inc. Stock Plunges as CEO Abruptly Replaced Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2015 So what: Specifically, in a press release Friday morning, Quiksilver stated its now-former CEO, Andy Mooney, is &quot;no longer with the company,&quot; and will be replaced by 27-year Quiksilver veteran Pierre Agnes. Quiksilver co-founder Bob McKnight has ...Why Quiksilver, Inc.  Stock Is Tanking Today - Investorplace.com'
p5
aS"Quiksilver, free from bankruptcy, talks booze and boardshorts OCRegister - Feb 11, 2016 1990: Kelly Slater signs with Quiksilver; Roxy women's brand emerges. 1992: The company opens its first standalone store, &quot;Boardriders Club&quot; in Hawaii."
p6
aS"Why Shares of Quiksilver, Inc. Are Surging After-Hours Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis."
p7
aS"Bankrupt Quiksilver Gets Nod For Employee Severance Deal Law360  - Feb 22, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Quiksilver Inc. and 26 former employees received a Delaware federal bankruptcy judge's approval Tuesday for a long-delayed settlement in a more than $7 million worker severance pay dispute, under&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Quiksilver Said to Be Near Bankruptcy Deal With Junior Creditors Bloomberg - Jan 27, 2016 After months of disputes, Quiksilver Inc. is close to reaching a deal on how much its junior creditors will be paid in the company's bankruptcy settlement, according to two people with knowledge of the matter.Quiksilver Names Post BK Board - Orange County Business JournalQuiksilver to go private after emerging from bankruptcy - Sydney Morning Herald"
p9
aS'Quiksilver US Plan of Reorganization Confirmed Business Wire  - Jan 28, 2016 HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif.----Quiksilver, Inc.  today announced that its Plan of Reorganization  has been confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, with significant support&nbsp;...Quiksilver Wins Court Approval to Exit Bankruptcy - Wall Street JournalQuiksilver Announces Bankruptcy Exit - Apparel News'
p10
a.