(dp0
S'196701'
p1
(lp2
sS'199506'
p3
(lp4
VThe General Electric Company's GE Capital unit is seeking $500 million for the sale of the Patrick Media Company, one of the country's largest billboard advertising companies, executives close to the talks said yesterday. A G.E. spokesman would not comment.
p5
aVG.E. Power Systems, a unit of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it had won five contracts worth more than $245 million to supply power generation equipment for power plants worldwide. The deals included an almost $100 million contract to provide Mitsui and Company, based in Tokyo, with two gas turbines and a G.E. steam-turbine generator; a $60 million deal to supply five gas-turbine generator packages to the Ministry of Electricity and Water in Dubai. G.E. will also provide turbine generators and controls to Walsh Construction of Trumbull, Conn., in a $37 million deal; to Delta Catalytic Engineering and Construction Ltd., based in Calgary, Alberta, in a $28 million deal, and to Central Termica San Miguel de Tucuman S.A. of Argentina in a deal worth nerly $20 million.
p6
aVThe GE Capital Corporation, the financial services unit of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the American Express Company's Amex Life Assurance unit. Terms were not disclosed. GE Capital said it would buy Amex Life's long-term-care insurance business, representing about $337 million of annual premiums, as well as the long-term disability, corporate-owned life insurance and other group insurance representing about $123 million in annual premiums. The transaction does not include American Express Card-related insurance products.
p7
aVMagnetek Inc. agreed yesterday to sell its medium-power transformer business to the General Signal Corporation, essentially completing its yearlong planned restructuring to reduce debt. Financial terms were not disclosed. Magnetek, based in Nashville, said it expected to gain about $200 million from the restructuring, which amounted to the sale or consolidation of a third of its operations. The company is now focused on manufacturing electric motors, generators, lighting products and power supplies.
p8
aVThe General Electric Company's GE Power Systems subsidiary said today that it had won a contract worth more than $1.3 billion to provide generating equipment for two Saudi Arabian power plants. GE Power Systems, which is based here, said it would provide four combined-cycle units for the Ridyadh 9 power plant operated by Saudi Consolidated Electric Company-Central Region. At about 1,300 megawatts, Ridyadh 9 will be the largest crude-oil fired power plant of its kind in the world, the company said.
p9
aVThe General Electric Company and Mitsui & Company of Japan have been awarded a $200 million contract from Compania Chilena de Generacion Electrica S.A., or Chilgener, to build a gas-fired power station in Santiago. The contract involves the conversion and expansion of the existing Renca coal-fired power station to natural gas.
p10
aVThe General Electric Company of Britain raised its takeover offer today for the submarine maker VSEL P.L.C., topping British Aerospace P.L.C.'s competing bid by about 34 percent. British Aerospace said it would respond "in due course," and VSEL advised its shareholders to wait for that response. But analysts said G.E.C., as the British company is known, clearly had the upper hand.
p11
aVBritish Aerospace P.L.C. withdrew its bid yesterday for the submarine maker VSEL P.L.C., clearing the way for a rival bid from the General Electric Company P.L.C. British Aerospace said it would not be in its interests to match G.E.C.'s offer, which values the maker of the Trident nuclear submarine at $1.34 billion.
p12
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had encountered a problem in the final development of its version of the jet engine that powers the Boeing Company's new 777, but both companies said they believed they were still on schedule to deliver planes equipped with the GE90 engines to British Airways P.L.C. in September. General Electric said the problem was discovered during so-called bird-ingestion tests, in which the carcass of an eight-pound bird is fired from a cannon into an engine operating at full throttle. Although the GE90's new composite turbine blades and aluminum casing emerged unscathed from the test, there was a greater than anticipated amount of imbalance in the engine afterward, the company said. The cause of the imbalance was found to be the failure of an aluminum part mounted between the blades that has an aerodynamic function.
p13
aVThe Fonar Corporation said yesterday that it had sued units of Siemens A.G. of Germany and Philips Electronics N.V. of the Netherlands, accusing them of infringing patents covering magnetic-resonance imaging technology. The suits, which were filed on Friday in Federal District Court in Hauppauge, L.I., follow Fonar's court victory last month in a patent case involving the General Electric Company. In that case, a Federal jury awarded $110.5 million to Fonar, a maker of M.R.I. machines based in Melville. L.I., after concluding that G.E. had infringed two patents. The court has not ruled yet on a motion by G.E. to overturn the verdict. Two of the four patents at issue in the latest suits are the same as those in the G.E. trial.
p14
asS'196703'
p15
(lp16
sS'196702'
p17
(lp18
sS'196705'
p19
(lp20
sS'196704'
p21
(lp22
sS'196707'
p23
(lp24
sS'196706'
p25
(lp26
sS'196709'
p27
(lp28
sS'196708'
p29
(lp30
sS'200005'
p31
(lp32
VThe M. A. Hanna Company, a specialty chemical company, agreed yesterday to sell most of its Cadillac Plastic shapes distribution and fabrication businesses to GE Plastics, a unit of the General Electric Company. Cadillac Plastic posted sales last year of $378 million from distributing and making plastic sheet, rod, tube and film. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed. M. A. Hanna said that nearly all of the assets and leased facilities of Cadillac Plastic in North America, Asia, Britain and the Netherlands would be part of the sale, but that the sale did not include the Richmond Aircraft unit, and three joint ventures in Germany, France and Spain.
p33
aVMoving to offer digital television service throughout the Southeast, BellSouth intends to announce today that it has signed a long-term contract to purchase satellite services from General Electric, an executive close to the deal said yesterday. BellSouth had been rumored to be in discussions with Loral Space and Communications, a G.E. rival in the satellite industry.
p34
aVEARNINGS reports have been coming up rosier than ever for the first quarter of 2000 -- up about 20 percent from the corresponding period last year. As a result, many market strategists believe that stocks will soon resume a steady upward climb. But there is growing concern among some accounting professionals that many companies are relying on financial alchemy to burnish their results.
p35
aVRIGHT now, Cisco Systems seems as close to perfect as a technology company can be. The biggest maker of Internet communications equipment, Cisco is also the second-most valuable company in the nation, after General Electric. It has succeeded in elevating its chief executive, John Chambers, to near-deity status in some quarters, and has even managed to stay in the government's good graces, in contrast to Microsoft, among others.
p36
aVIt may be months before the Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, but the network that will broadcast the games, NBC, is starting a promotional campaign.
p37
aVErnst & Young L.L.P. has agreed to combine with a prominent Washington lobbying company, Washington Counsel P.C., to create a new lobbying unit separate from the Ernst tax department. Washington Counsel, which reported $8.3 million in lobbying fees last year, represents Charles Schwab, Merrill Lynch, Hewlett-Packard, General Electric, Ford and Aetna.
p38
aVAmtran Inc., parent of the discount carrier American Trans Air Inc., has ordered 47 jetliners from the Boeing Company valued at $2.9 billion to replace aging aircraft and expand its fleet. The order includes 37 of Boeing's 737-800 jetliners and 10 of the 757-300's, partly financed by Boeing's capital arm and two leasing companies. Amtran, which flies under the name ATA to 27 United States cities from hubs in Chicago and Indianapolis, will lease 17 of the 737-800's from aircraft lessors and purchase the other 30 planes from Boeing.
p39
aVInternational Paper Wins Contest to Buy Champion International Paper emerged the victor in a bidding war to acquire Champion International after a Finnish paper company declined to increase its offer. International Paper agreed to pay about $7.3 billion, or $75 a share in cash and stock. UPM of Finland had reached a merger deal with Champion in February for $6.6 billion, or $56.50 a share. International Paper made a surprise cash-and-stock bid of $64 a share two weeks ago. UPM raised its bid to $70 in cash, but failed to match International's highest offer as the deadline passed. [Page C4.]
p40
aVComputer Virus Is Traced To Apartment in Philippines More than a dozen law enforcement agents raided a Manila apartment from which they said a malicious computer program was unleashed last week, disrupting computer systems around the world. They took one resident into custody and ordered his roommate, a woman, to turn herself in. The agents, including two representing the Federal Bureau of Investigation, apparently expected to find the computer from which the attack was started. A local official said that no computer was found, but that a box containing 17 items including telephones, wires, computer disks and computer magazines was seized. The officials would not say what had led them to the apartment and did not characterize the moves as arrests. [Page A1.]
p41
aVJeff Colborn plunged into fusion energy research in the late 1980's, first at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and then at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, filled with idealism about fusion's potential for revolutionizing nuclear power generation. ''I wanted the toughest challenge,'' said Mr. Colborn, recalling the goals he had after studying engineering and physics at the University of California at Berkeley.
p42
asS'199504'
p43
(lp44
VThe General Electric Company reported a 28 percent increase in first-quarter profit yesterday, citing higher revenue from all 12 of its core businesses. The industrial-financial services conglomerate earned $1.37 billion, or 81 cents a share, in the three-month period ending March 31, compared with $1.07 billion, or 62 cents a share, in the 1994 quarter. The results were in line with analyst expectations.
p45
aVJoseph Jett, the former bond trader at Kidder, Peabody & Company, has filed a lawsuit accusing Kidder; its former parent company, the General Electric Company, and others of libel and slander. Kidder dismissed Mr. Jett last April, charging that he had created $350 million in phony profits for the firm and himself. The trading scandal for which Mr. Jett has been blamed helped precipitate G.E.'s decision to sell the firm's assets to the Paine Webber Group.
p46
aVThe stock of the ABC Rail Products Corporation rose 10 percent today on news that it is buying the wheel-mounting operations of the General Electric Railcar Wheel and Parts Services Corporation. No terms were disclosed. The Chicago-based unit of the General Electric Company had 1994 sales of about $55 million. The stock of ABC Rail, also based in Chicago, rose $2.375 a share today to close at $24.75 in Nasdaq trading.
p47
aVThe AmSouth Bancorporation said yesterday that it would sell $6 billion of its mortgage servicing portfolio to GE Capital Mortgage Services Inc., a unit of the General Electric Corporation. AmSouth, based in Birmingham Ala., did not disclose the purchase price but said the company expected a pretax gain of $20 million to $25 million in the second quarter. In loan servicing, a bank collects fees to handle mortgage payments and paperwork on loans. Separately, the Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai reported that GE Capital would buy the consumer credit card division of the Shin Kyoto Shinpan Company.
p48
aVHitachi Ltd. and the Fonar Corporation settled a patent dispute involving magnetic-resonance imaging technology yesterday, after opening arguments in a Federal jury trial in Hauppauge, L.I. Fonar, a maker of M.R.I. machines, sued Hitachi and the General Electric Company in 1992 over four Fonar patents related to M.R.I. technology, which is used to produce detailed pictures of the human body. Fonar was seeking $62 million from Hitachi and a subsidiary, Hitachi Medical, and about $300 million from G.E. After the settlement was disclosed, Federal District Judge Leonard Wexler granted a motion by G.E. for a mistrial, a court official said. Lawyers for G.E. argued that reports of the Hitachi settlement would bias the jury against G.E. Fonar, based in Melville, L.I., did not release details of the agreement.
p49
aVPaine Webber Group Inc. said yesterday that its first-quarter earnings fell 38 percent from the period a year earlier. Still, its profit exceeded Wall Street's expectations, mainly because of improved trading revenue. Paine Webber, the nation's fourth-largest securities firm in terms of brokers, said net income fell to $34.3 million, or 27 cents a share, from $55.6 million, or 71 cents, in the 1994 quarter, when there were fewer shares outstanding.
p50
aVAs they have in every economic expansion, the ranks of temporary workers are swelling, but something is different this time. Now the giants of corporate America -- companies like AT&T, the Bank of America, Johnson & Johnson and Hewlett-Packard -- are getting serious about managing them. The number of temps supplied by agencies to American companies soared from 500,000 in 1983 to nearly 2 million, or 1.5 percent of the work force, last year. Large temp firms have hundreds of job categories from traditional secretaries and assembly workers to computer programmers, robotics specialists and chemists. Temporary professionals, from lawyers to accountants to surgeons, are also available.
p51
aVThe GE Capital Corporation, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company based in Stamford, Conn., said yesterday that it had completed its acquisition of 80 percent of Service Bank G. m. b. H., the financial services unit of Germany's second-largest retailer, Kaufhof Holding A. G.
p52
aVThe Chrysler Corporation and Electrosource Inc. are expected to announce today that Chrysler has agreed to buy up to $75 million of a new kind of lead-acid battery to power an electric mini-van. Neither company would disclose details of the deal, but the chairman of Electrosource, Michael G. Semmens, said the batteries to be produced could provide power to 3,000 to 5,000 vehicles. California, New York and Massachusetts have rules requiring Chrysler and other auto makers to make 2 percent of their cars electric in the 1998 model year; for Chrysler that would come to about 3,000 vehicles. The auto maker may begin selling them early to get a jump on meeting the quota.
p53
aVThe Kemper Corporation, ending a yearlong effort to sell itself, said yesterday that it had agreed to be acquired by the Zurich Insurance Group and a group of American investors for $2 billion. As an independent company, Kemper failed to produce the profit that investors hoped would result from the combination in the 1980's of a large mutual fund business, insurance companies and securities brokers. None of its businesses was stellar in its field, however, and by the 90's, Kemper was in trouble from outsized investments in junk bonds and real estate.
p54
asS'199508'
p55
(lp56
VThe Federal Communications Commission approved the transfer of stations in four markets to a partnership between the Westinghouse Electric Corporation and CBS Inc. The companies said they would create a joint venture to acquire major market television stations to be operated by Group W. Effective Sept. 10, the new station group will include stations in Philadelphia (KYW-TV), Miami (WCIX-TV), Salt Lake City (KUTV-TV) and Denver (KCNC-TV). The Philadelphia station joins the new group directly from Group W, and the partnership acquires the three stations as a result of an exchange made with the General Electric Company's NBC for WCAU-TV, the CBS station in Philadelphia.
p57
aVColes Myer Ltd., Australia's largest retailer, said yesterday that it was selling its credit card business to GE Capital Services, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, for $180 million (Australian), or $133 million (United States). The sale will result in a profit of $100 million (Australian) for Coles Myer. It may get an additional payment based on the future performance of the business, Coles Myer said. The business involves more than 2.1 million private-label credit cards issued for about 700 retailers throughout Australia. (Bloomberg Business News)
p58
aVThe General Electric Company of Fairfield, Conn., has named Meta4 Digital Design in Jersey City as its Internet agency of record. The billings were not disclosed. Meta4 was awarded the account, which includes re-creating and maintaining G.E.'s presence on the World Wide Web, after a two-month review that was narrowed to that agency and three other finalists whose names were not disclosed.
p59
aVThe General Electric Company agreed yesterday to pay $7.18 million to settle a company engineer's claim that it sold about 7,000 jet engines to the Defense Department without proper testing for resistance to electrical interference. The settlement was approved by Judge Sandra Beckwith of the Federal District Court in Cincinnati, where the suit had been filed by the G.E. engineer and joined by the Justice Department.
p60
aVThe effort of the Renaissance Communications Corporation to block NBC's 396 million bid for Outlet Communications Inc. was rejected yesterday by a Delaware judge. The denial of the temporary restraining order came after a two-hour hearing. It could put pressure on Renaissance to raise its bid or risk losing Outlet, based in Cranston, R.I., the owner of two NBC affiliate stations. The ruling by Judge William T. Allen of Delaware Chancery Court followed an offer by NBC on Monday, which included the assumption of $75 million in debt. NBC, a unit of the General Electric Company, said its offer was good until today at 5 P.M. NBC's bid topped by $5 a share the price offered by Renaissance in a merger agreement signed with Outlet on June 30. Renaissance immediately sued NBC and Outlet, contending the bid -- and Outlet's consideration of it -- was an illegal interference with the "definitive" and "binding" agreement.
p61
aVOutlet Communications Inc. said yesterday that NBC, a division of the General Electric Company, had offered to buy it for more than $396 million, renewing a bidding war for the owner of several NBC-affiliated television stations. The Renaissance Communications Corporation, whose $360 million bid was accepted by Outlet on June 30, responded by suing both companies and Outlet's board of directors in Delaware Chancery Court. Outlet, which is based in Cranston, R.I., said it would consider the offer. Renaissance is seeking a court order to block NBC from communicating with Outlet stockholders to buy their shares and from interfering with its agreement with Outlet.
p62
aVCould the Tiffany Network become the Neiman Marcus Network? Harcourt General Inc., whose main operating company is the retailer Neiman Marcus, held talks recently with the Westinghouse Electric Corporation about joining Westinghouse in its $5.4 billion bid for CBS, several people familiar with the discussions said yesterday.
p63
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation is all but ready to announce its $5 billion bid to buy CBS Inc. Most of the details of the $81-a-share cash deal were sewn up yesterday, and the CBS board is scheduled to meet this morning to approve the offer, people with knowledge about the negotiations said. If CBS directors give their blessing, as expected, the acquisition will be announced this afternoon in New York. A Westinghouse spokesman declined to comment.
p64
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, an early broadcasting pioneer, said yesterday that it had agreed to pay $5.4 billion for CBS Inc., the last independent television network and once the crown jewel of broadcasting. Westinghouse, primarily an industrial manufacturer, has decided to borrow heavily to bet on broadcasting, which is the smallest but most profitable of its operations. Michael H. Jordan, the chairman and chief executive of Westinghouse, said the deal would create a "premier top-notch outstanding company" with 15 television stations and 39 radio stations that would give it direct access to more than a third of the nation's households.
p65
aVIn an attempt to establish some rapport with the CBS News division, Michael H. Jordan, the chairman of the Westinghouse Electric Corporation, visited the studios of both the "CBS Evening News" and "60 Minutes" yesterday for the first time since announcing the company's pending $5.4 billion purchase of CBS Aug. 1. The announcement of the merger agreement had generally met with a singularly cool reception from CBS employees, Wall Street and news media organizations in part because Mr. Jordan's speech last week did not give much sense of Westinghouse's plans for CBS or how it expected to merge and increase the growth of the two companies.
p66
asS'199509'
p67
(lp68
VEver wonder how the boss got his job? In the old days, chief executives picked their successors, usually from inside the company. Now the board of directors is increasingly making the selection, and often going outside the company. But some choices are proving to be disappointing, or at least questionable, to judge by the stock market's reaction. Many people are wondering if boards are up to the task.
p69
aVForstmann & Company, a New York textile manufacturer weighed down by debts and a business slowdown, said yesterday that it had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The company, which filed in Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York, also said it had secured a debtor-in-possession financing commitment from the GE Capital Corporation unit of the General Electric Company that would allow borrowing of up to $85 million.
p70
aVWAL-MART STORES INC., Bentonville, Ark., said it would increase its share repurchase program to $150 million from $100 million. The shares to be bought represent less than 1 percent of the compnay's 2.3 billion shares outstanding. ENERVEST MANAGEMENT CO., Houston, a unit of General Electric Co.'s GE Capital, has purchased 1,600 Appalachian natural gas wells for $17.3 million from Equitable Resources Energy Co. REPUBLIC SECURITY FINANCIAL CORP., West Palm Beach, Fla., signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held Banyan Bank Boca Raton, Fla., a commercial bank, for about $9.5 million in cash. LABONE INC., Lenexa, Kan., a laboratory service to the life insurance industries, has reduced its work force by 7 percent through dismissals and attrition.
p71
aVIn the next month, Rebecca P. Mark will learn whether she is to be remembered as the executive whose perseverance pushed through the largest- ever foreign investment in India, or as the most visible symbol of a corporate vision gone horribly wrong. Ms. Mark, a 41-year-old Missouri native, heads an Enron Corporation subsidiary -- the Enron Development Corporation -- that has spent three years planning, and starting to build, the largest power plant India has ever seen. As one of the first American companies to explore the opportunities opened up by India's decision to scrap its socialist economic system, Enron was widely hailed as a groundbreaker for the billions of dollars in American investments India has said it needs to help break out of poverty.
p72
aVWhile other Wall Street firms have reaped the rewards of a marketplace ripe with underwriting activity and huge mergers, a recent document shows that Goldman, Sachs & Company struggled to produce revenue and retain capital during the six months that ended on May 26. At $1.99 billion, the firm's revenues net of interest expenses were flat compared with the comparable period a year earlier, which was by all accounts one of the worst in Wall Street's history.
p73
aVJapan's Export-Import Bank will lend the Ford Motor Company $153.2 million to develop and market right-hand-drive cars for Japanese consumers, a bank spokesman said today. The agreement with Ford comes a week after the bank completed a similar deal with the General Motors Corporation for a $42 million loan.
p74
aVThe AT&T Corporation's plan to sell its 86 percent stake in its AT&T Capital unit set off a shock wave through the equipment-leasing industry. AT&T Capital, based in Morristown, N.J., is the second-largest equipment leasing company in the country, with $10.32 billion in assets, trailing the GE Capital Corporation in Stamford, Conn., with $44.64 billion in assets. That means any purchase by a competitor would change the industry dynamics, analysts said.
p75
aVThou shalt not covet trophy properties. Thou shalt not buy at auction. Thou shalt not own old, outdated office space.
p76
aVThe American Express Company said yesterday that it was talking with several large financial institutions about the sale of its banking unit. American Express declined to name the companies that are interested in the American Express Bank, which provides services to wealthy individuals and financial institutions. But investment bankers said Nationsbank, Standard Chartered and GE Capital, a unit of General Electric, were possible buyers.
p77
aVThe CNBC cable network and a subsidiary of Motorola Inc. are planning to offer wireless financial news that would be transmitted through a satellite network and picked up on hand-held receivers. The Motorola unit, Embarc Communication Services Inc., has formed a 10-year, multimillion-dollar alliance with CNBC to market the services.
p78
asS'199505'
p79
(lp80
VThe General Electric Company announced yesterday that it would lay off more than 500 workers from its plant in Louisville, Ky. The company refused to give an exact number of employees that would be let go. But union officials estimated that the number would be between 500 and 800. Many of the layoffs would come from a group of 1,100 hired two years ago.
p81
aVThe Fonar Corporation was awarded $110.5 million yesterday by a Federal jury that concluded the General Electic Company infringed two patents covering magnetic resonance imaging technology. The award, if upheld, would provide a big financial lift for Fonar, based in Melville, L.I. The company posted sales of $15.4 million last year. G.E. said it would file a motion asking Judge Leonard Wexler to overturn the verdict. G.E. was found liable for infringement last week after a three-week trial.
p82
aVJohn F. Welch, the chairman of the General Electric Company, underwent open-heart surgery to relieve a blocked heart artery, the company said today. Mr. Welch, 59, had the surgery Friday at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. He is expected to resume a normal work schedule in three to four weeks, the company said. The operation -- in which part of a blood vessel is used to bypass the damaged artery -- was done less than two weeks after Mr. Welch had an angioplasty to clear a blocked artery.
p83
aVThe Fonar Corporation won a Federal jury verdict on Friday in a patent trial against the General Electric Company. The decision could provide a big financial lift for Fonar, a tiny maker of magnetic resonance imaging machines. A jury in United States District Court in Hauppauge concluded that General Electric had infringed both the Fonar patents that were in dispute. Fonar, which is based in Melville, L.I., and had sales of $15.4 million last year, is seeking $300 million in damages. The portion of the trial to determine damages is expected to begin this week.
p84
aVThe International Business Machines Corporation agreed yesterday to buy GE Capital's computer maintenance unit. The purchase price was not disclosed, although individuals familiar with the properties estimated that they would sell for $50 million to $100 million. I.B.M. said the purchase would help expand its computer maintenance business. GE Capital Systems Support Services, which is based in Atlanta, employs 1,300. I.B.M. has not determined how many it will keep. GE Capital, the financial services unit of the General Electric Compnay, said the unit up for sale was one of eight technology-management businesses owned by GE Capital. Together, the eight units had $1.2 billion revenue in 1994, a G.E. spokesman said.
p85
aVThe Kemper Corporation said yesterday that its planned sale to Zurich Insurance and a group of investors would be completed Monday, a week later than expected. Zurich Insurance said its $2 billion purchase of the financial services company was delayed to complete documents relating to the sale. Kemper put itself up for sale last year after spurning an offer of $2.4 billion from the General Electric Company. It then agreed to be acquired by Conseco Inc. for $3.25 billion, but the deal fell through after Conseco failed to obtain financing. Zurich Insurance's offer values Kemper at $49.50 a share in cash and securities.
p86
aVShares of King World Productions surged nearly 5 percent yesterday after the Turner Broadcasting System was reported to have had discussions to acquire the company in a $1.9 billion stock swap. But executives close to the talks cautioned that the two companies have held negotiations with a number of potential merger partners, including each other, for months, and that nothing was imminent. King World stock rose $2, to $42.875, on the New York Stock Exchange, where more than 588,000 shares changed hands, five times its average daily volume in the last three months.
p87
aV* The German insurer Aachener und Munchener Beteiligungs A.G. said yesterday that its Aachen Re unit had completed the previously announced sale of most of its reinsurance business to the Employers Reinsurance Corporation of the United States for 192 million marks ($133 million). The acquirer is a subsidiary of the General Electric Company. * The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that it planned to set up its largest Chinese bottling plant in Shanghai and establish the company's national operations headquarters there. The company has 13 plants running in China, and five more will be completed before the end of next year. * Saab Automobile A.B. said yesterday that it would begin selling cars in Chile. Saab said it would aim to sell 50 to 100 cars in the first year, with sales rising to 200 to 300 cars a year when all sales contacts were established.
p88
aVA four-passenger electric car with the interior space of a Ford Taurus and a lightweight all-composite body has set a record for the distance traveled by a battery-powered vehicle without recharging: 238 miles in mixed city-highway driving. The car, the Sunrise, built by the Solectria Corporation of Wilmington, Mass., set the record on Thursday in the course of the American Tour de Sol, an annual five-day road rally for electric vehicles.
p89
aVPlanned Parenthood of New York City said yesterday that new public service announcements promoting condom use as a means of birth control had, for the first time, been accepted in principle by some local television outlets. Alexander Sanger, president of the organization, said a similar commercial was rejected in 1986 as too controversial because the stations then limited themselves to running only those spots promoting condom use to prevent disease. He said that those agreeing to run all five new commercials were WNBC, owned by the NBC unit of the General Electric Company; Time Warner City Cable, a unit of Time Warner Inc., and WPIX, owned by the Tribune Company. WCBS, owned by CBS Inc., has accepted some of the spots, Mr. Sanger said.
p90
asS'199502'
p91
(lp92
VThe Packard Electric Europe unit of the General Motors Corporation said yesterday that it had sold two German cable manufacturing plants to Draka Holding N.V. of Amsterdam in an effort to divest itself of noncore businesses. Financial terms were not disclosed. The German plants, in Wuppertal and Berlin, make cable for computers, telecommunications and other specialty uses, the company said. Packard's other plants will continue making automotive cable. Packard Electric Europe is part of Packard Electric, based in Warren, Ohio.
p93
aVEnergy Secretary Hazel R. O'Leary culminated her six-day visit to China today by presiding over the signing of several important contracts and accords for the American power-generation industry. Among them was an agreement allowing the Westinghouse Electric Corporation to sell steam turbine and generating equipment to the Qinshan Nuclear Power Station in central China.
p94
aVThe stock of General Magic Inc. nearly doubled from its initial offering price of $14 today, its first day of trading on the Nasdaq market. On Thursday, General Magic, a communications software maker, said it had sold 5.5 million common shares at $14 a share in an initial public offering that exceeded original plans. The company had expected to sell four million shares at $13 each, but the size and price of the offering were raised because of strong demand, the company said. Today, the first day of market trading, the shares rose as high as $32 in early trading before closing at $26.625.
p95
aVThe Kemper Corporation said yesterday that three of the top executives of its money management unit had resigned, raising further questions about the future of the embattled insurance and investment company. Last year Kemper, based in Long Grove, Ill., spurned a hostile takeover offer from the General Electric Company and accepted a higher bid from Conseco Inc., an insurance company based in Carmel, Ind. But Conseco could not raise the money, and that deal fell apart.
p96
aVThe General Motors Corporation said today that its Automotive Components Group Worldwide component operations had been renamed Delphi Automotive Systems. The name change was made to reflect the G.M. subsidiary's increasing business with companies other than G.M., according to J. T. Battenberg, president of the new company.
p97
aVHungary, once the lustrous pioneer in attracting Western investment to Eastern Europe, is losing its glamour as a result of the ambivalent policies of a coalition Government led by former Communists. Analysts and investors point most recently to the cancellation of a big American hotel deal because of the personal intervention of Prime Minister Gyula Horn and the resulting resignation two weeks ago of the country's internationally respected Finance Minister, Laszlo Bekesi. He is being replaced by Lajos Bokros, chairman of the state-owned Budapest Bank, the nation's sixth largest.
p98
aVThe peso's crash has knocked American businesses off course, forcing many to postpone their dreams of exploiting the vast market to the south. At the same time, other companies are rushing to expand investments in Mexican factories that will increase their exports to the north. These shifts suggest that the North American Free Trade Agreement's second year will have far fewer benefits for many American companies and their workers than its first year.
p99
aVThe collapse of the British investment bank Barings P.L.C. weighed heavily on stock markets around the world yesterday, and investors' nervousness cut short some early gains on Wall Street, pulling the Dow Jones industrial average back below the 4,000-point mark. "In the morning, the stock market wanted to show that the world's market problems were not our problem," said Bernard Spilko, senior vice president of Bank Julius Baer. "But around 2 P.M., computer selling programs kicked in and the U.S. market got caught in the downdraft that hit everywhere."
p100
aVThe Dow Jones industrial average, the most closely watched but often difficult to interpret of stock market gauges, came tantalizingly close to 4,000 yesterday. By 1:30 P.M., the Dow, the index of blue-chip stocks, had come within 2.05 points of touching 4,000, and surged four more times past 3,995 before falling back. The Dow closed at a record high of 3,986.17, up 27.92.
p101
aVContinuing a restructuring that began slightly more than a year ago, the ITT Corporation said yesterday that it would sell three businesses from its ITT Financial Corporation subsidiary to the GE Capital Corporation for $1.8 billion. ITT said last October that it intended to sell its financial services subsidiary and raise a net of $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion in the process. The deal with GE Capital would be the third sale since then.
p102
asS'199503'
p103
(lp104
VThe General Electric Company announced nearly 2,000 job cuts yesterday in its Power Systems division, saying the action was prompted by a slowdown in the worldwide market for gas and steam turbines. A restructuring plan will cut about 950 salaried and 1,000 hourly workers worldwide, a spokesman, Leonard K. Doviak, said. Of those, 980 reductions will be made in Schenectady, N.Y., the Power Systems headquarters. Another 350 cuts will be made in Greenville, S.C., and 620 cuts will be made at sales and service operations in Europe and Asia. The jobs will disappear over the next six months through voluntary terminations, early retirement incentives and layoffs, the company said. The Power Systems division employs about 25,000 people.
p105
aVThe Kemper Corporation has rejected takeover offers for its insurance businesses from the General Electric Company and SunAmerica Inc., people close to the companies said this week. The bid by SunAmerica was more than $1 billion and was considered to be competitive with an offer by G.E., a person close to the talks said. The Kemper board rejected the offers last week, this person said.
p106
aVPaine Webber Group Inc. may eliminate as many as 500 jobs, or 3 percent of its total work force, in an effort to cut its compensation costs, traders at the brokerage firm said yesterday. Paine Webber did not decide on the cuts during a board meeting yesterday, a person familiar with the firm said. Paine Webber is considering the dismissals as it tries to cut compensation costs by $20 million, according to an article in The Wall Street Journal. A spokeswoman for Paine Webber declined to comment on the report. The possible cuts come after Paine Webber acquired Kidder, Peabody & Company from the General Electric Company last year, increasing Paine Webber's work force by 14 percent, to about 16,600 people.
p107
aVThe stock of King World Productions Inc. traded sharply higher yesterday after it was reported that the company, the producer of "Wheel of Fortune," was looking for a buyer or strategic partner. The television production company, which is based in New York, was among the top percentage gainers on the New York Stock Exchange, up $3.50 at $39.50. King World, which also produces "Jeopardy" and the "Oprah Winfrey Show," declined to comment on a report in USA Today that it had hired Goldman, Sachs & Company to help it make a deal. The newspaper said King World officials met Thursday with CBS Inc.'s chief executive, Lawrence Tisch, and was to meet with executives from General Electric Company's NBC, as well as Capital Cities/ABC Inc.
p108
aVFour big United States companies said yesterday that that they would delist their shares from the Tokyo Stock Exchange, citing the low level of interest in trading the stocks and the cost of maintaining the listings.
p109
aVRegulators in Michigan yesterday approved a precedent-setting plan under which the Detroit Edison Company is to become the sole supplier of power to 54 assembly and parts plants for the Big Three auto makers for 10 years, in return for which the auto companies will get substantial savings on their electric rates. The trade-off agreement, the largest of its kind so far between a utility and its major industrial customers, is expected to be tried by other utilities.
p110
aVIntent on ousting the chairman of the Indian tobacco company ITC Ltd., B.A.T. Industries P.L.C. blocked a resolution that would have allowed the company to enter the power business. At a chaotic special general meeting, B.A.T used its 31.6 percent stake in ITC to vote against a resolution on raising funds for a power project. The resolution, which was put to a formal ballot, needed 75 percent support to pass.
p111
aVA health plan asks a new mother to leave the hospital one day after her baby is born, instead of the usual two or three. Or it refuses to cover cataract removal in more than one eye unless the patient is fairly young and needs both eyes for work. Or it presses a generalist, not a neurologist, to treat epileptic seizures. Who comes up with such rulings? The answer is often Milliman & Robertson Inc., a Seattle-based consulting firm that unknown to most doctors and their patients has quietly become the supreme court of medical insurance.
p112
aVThe Paine Webber Group said late yesterday that it was laying off 5 percent of its work force, in a broad revamping to contend with the slump in the securities industry. The announcement confirmed reports last week of the first broad cutbacks since Paine Webber bought a rival firm, the Kidder, Peabody Group, last fall. The cuts were expected to save Paine Webber $20 million annually.
p113
aVExecutives at the Microsoft Corporation have rejected assertions that the company plans to begin competing directly with news organizations this summer when it begins its Microsoft Network on-line service. But ambitious electronic news-publishing services being prepared by software makers like Microsoft and the Oracle Corporation, by telephone companies like AT&T and by other technology companies have renewed concerns that as news gathering moves into the information era, editorial decisions may increasingly be made by business executives who are not journalists.
p114
asS'199501'
p115
(lp116
VThe General Electric Company reported today that its net income dropped 48 percent in the fourth quarter, reflecting a charge of $917 million related to its discontinued brokerage unit, Kidder, Peabody Group Inc. Still, G.E.'s profits from continuing operations increased 18 percent, reflecting sales increases and manufacturing efficiencies in many of the businesses that the company knows best -- appliances, power systems, motors and the NBC network.
p117
aVThe MCI Communications Corporation announced its biggest commercial contract ever yesterday, a seven-year deal with the General Electric Company. MCI said that under the agreement, it would become a primary carrier of long-distance voice services for G.E. and the primary long-distance voice and data carrier to Mexico and South America. An MCI spokesman declined to provide a figure, but said the contract "far exceeds" the record contracts of more than $250 million each with Bank of America and Citicorp.
p118
aVWhile Shinto priests chanted and waved sacred branches, Japan introduced the prototype of its FSX fighter today, the first major weapon jointly developed with the United States. Once the focus of controversy with Washington over Japan's growing industrial competitiveness, the FSX may still face a troubled future. With the cold war over and Japan's military procurement budget tighter, questions are being raised about whether the FSX should move from prototype to production.
p119
aVA merger of Turner Broadcasting System Inc. and NBC that was being negotiated this weekend instead collapsed over the issue of control of the merged entity, after a meeting between John F. Welch Jr., the chairman of the General Electric Company, which owns NBC, and Ted Turner, the chairman of Turner Broadcasting. Both sides issued statements yesterday, declaring that the proposed merger had been halted, and attributing its failure to a disagreement about which side would have retained management control.
p120
aVThe price of the Kemper Corporation's stock surged yesterday morning amid rumors another buyout of the investment and insurance company will soon be proposed. Dan Dorfman, a business news correspondent for CNBC, reported rumors that a deal for Kemper at $50 a share might be imminent. A Kemper spokesman, Ira Nathanson, said the company, which put itself up for sale last year, would have no comment. Kemper's stock closed yesterday at $41.25, up $1.75, on the New York Stock Exchange after trading as high as $43. Conseco Inc. called off a $60-a-share offer for Kemper in November. That aborted deal was preceded by an offer by General Electric.
p121
aVFollowing through on warnings that a lack of new business would mean lost jobs, the Martin Marietta Corporation said yesterday that it would eliminate 800 jobs in two plants in upstate New York by year's end. The company laid off the first 170 of those employees, effective immediately, at its Salina and Utica operations. The company said it expected to reduce its work force in Salina by another 500 people by the end of the year, which would leave a payroll of 1,900. Another 130 jobs will be cut in Utica, leaving about 900 employed there. A year ago, Martin Marietta, based in Bethesda, Md., employed 4,200 people at the two plants, which were formerly owned by General Electric.
p122
aVThe staff of the New York regional office of the Securities and Exchange Commission has recommended that civil administrative charges be filed against Kidder, Peabody & Company and three of the Wall Street firm's former executives in the aftermath of one of Wall Street's most spectacular scandals. The recommendations, which were confirmed by several people familiar with the case, were made known when the firm and the three former executives, including the chief bond trader, Joseph Jett, got letters inviting them to submit arguments to the S.E.C. saying why civil charges should not be filed.
p123
aVPaine Webber Group Inc.Paine Webber said yesterday that its fourth-quarter earnings fell sharply, excluding a charge for its purchase of Kidder, Peabody & Company that resulted in a net loss. The severe downturn in the securities industry contributed to much of Paine Webber's weak performance
p124
aVFor Franco Bernabe, who spent much of the last two years cleansing Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi S.p.A., the big Italian oil and petrochemicals group, of an aura of political corruption, the biggest challenge now is to sell off the state-owned company to the public without more political interference. The outcome is crucial for ENI, the world's fifth-largest oil company by sales, as the international chemical industry awakes from recession and major oil companies stake out claims in the former Soviet Union and China.
p125
aVSikorsky Aircraft, the helicopter maker based in Stratford, Conn., said yesterday that it would lay off 112 workers this week because of continued cutbacks in military spending. The layoffs will reduce Sikorsky's work force to 10,088. The company said the layoffs were not necessarily related to proposed cutbacks in the Army's Comanche helicopter program. Sikorsky has assigned 400 employees to the program. The layoffs follow cuts by another military contractor in Connecticut this week. The General Dynamics Corporation's Electric Boat division, based in Groton, laid off 109 workers on Monday as part of a plan to reduce its payroll from 15,900 to 10,200 by the end of the year.
p126
asS'198512'
p127
(lp128
VA top General Electric Company official and a former high-ranking G.E. manager have been acquitted of charges of defrauding the Government of $800,000 on a nuclear warhead contract.
p129
aVIn a reorganization aimed at reducing its layers of management, the General Electric Company said that it would discontinue its four-sector arrangement as of Jan. 1 and have its 21 businesses report directly to a four-man corporate executive office. G.E. said Tuesday that Paul W. Van Orden, 58 years old, the executive vice president in charge of the consumer products sector, would retain his title and join the chairman, John F. Welch Jr., and two vice chairmen in the corporate executive office.
p130
aVIn four years as the chairman of the General Electric Company, John F. Welch Jr. has become known simultaneously as one of the nation's toughest executives, as an intellectually astute manager and as a man more inclined to demand action immediately than wait for a second opinion. Mr. Welch has made his mark on G.E., where sharp cost cutting, plant modernization and a host of management changes have made him something of a guru in business circles. Still, one of the questions that loomed large in the wake of Wednesday's merger announcement by G.E. and the RCA Corporation was whether he has the diplomatic skills to mesh the assets and personalities of two major companies. 'Great Strategic Sense' ''Diplomacy?'' remarked the 50-year-old Mr. Welch today. ''I don't think anybody could recall a more diplomatic merger.'' He added: ''This was not a takeover. This is a merger that makes great strategic sense to both sides.''
p131
aVFor Thornton F. Bradshaw, who has led RCA for the last five years, the acquisition by the General Electric Company is a personal as well as a professional turning point. Mr. Bradshaw, who is 68 years old, said yesterday that he would retire when the deal is completed next year and become a consultant to the company. When Mr. Bradshaw, who had been president of the Atlantic Richfield Company for 17 years, was appointed by RCA as chairman and chief executive in 1981, he was widely viewed as an interim manager - a distinguished businessman who would lend the company much-needed stability while it searched for a hands-on chief executive. Instead Mr. Bradshaw took charge, selling off some of RCA's new acquisitions, restoring its focus on its original businesses -electronics, communications and entertainment - and returning the company to the black. ''In 1981 the company was worth more dead than alive,'' said James Magid, an analyst at L. F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin. ''Bradshaw has presided over a major corporate turnaround.''
p132
aVThe merger agreement announced last night by the General Electric Company and the RCA Corporation would rejoin two companies that fueled each other's growth from the closing days of World War I and then diverged as each became giants of burgeoning communications, space technology and electronics industries. For nearly four decades, until the dawn of the computer age, the two companies were the symbols of American high technology. And in recent years, both have undergone wide-ranging and often painful revampings to try to regain an edge they slowly lost to unexpected foreign competition, particularly from Japan. It was General Electric, founded by Thomas Alva Edison and the inheritor of his incandescent lamp technology, that at the urging of the President Wilson played a key role in the formation of the Radio Corporation of America in 1919. The company was forged out of the assets of the American Marconi Corporation, makers of wireless receivers, to establish an American presence in the fledgling communications business.
p133
aVA former RCA Corporation shareholder filed a class action lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court yesterday against the General Electric Company and RCA for not disclosing earlier than they did on Wednesday that they had agreed to a merger. The suit was filed by Jerrold Shaffer, an RCA shareholder who was said to have sold his shares Wednesday. RCA's stock soared more than $10 by the end of trading on Wednesday, to $63.50, before the companies made any public disclosure that they were engaged in merger talks. Late Wednesday, after the stock market closed, the companies announced that G.E. had agreed to purchase RCA for $66.50 a share. This meant that, in the frantic trading before this news, anyone who sold the stock because he did not know a merger was imminent missed the increased price.
p134
aVThe Plessey Company, a telecommunications concern, today rejected a $1.74 billion takeover bid by the General Electric Company of Britain as unwelcome and inadequate. G.E.C., which is Britain's biggest electronics company and is not related to the American company of the same name, announced its formal bid late Monday after first disclosing its interest in Plessey a week ago. The bid values Plessey shares at less than $2.34, compared with Monday's market price of $2.52. Plessey said the offer was an attempt by G.E.C. to gain access to Plessey's technologically advanced businesses.
p135
aVThe General Electric Company said it would pursue its hostile bid for the Plessey Company, offering more than 160 pence a share, or about $:1.18 billion - equal to $1.75 billion - in cash and stock for the rival British communications operation. A statement from G.E.C.'s merchant bankers, S.G. Warburg & Company, said the offer values Plessey at about 14 times its earnings for the year ended Sept. 27, 1985.
p136
aVThe General Electric Company and the RCA Corporation have agreed to dispose of RCA's $2 billion consumer electronics business if necessary to win Government approval of G.E.'s $6.28 billion acquisition of RCA, a G.E. spokesman said. But Bruce Bunch, the spokesman, said that did not necessarily mean G.E. would sell the RCA operations.
p137
aVThe Plessey Company, a telecommunications and military contractor, today rejected the $1.7 billion takeover bid made yesterday by Britain's General Electric Company. Instead, the Plessey board made a counteroffer to buy G.E.C.'s share of a jointly owned operation that makes digital telephone exchanges, called System X. The price or other details of the counteroffer were not given.
p138
asS'198510'
p139
(lp140
V* Automatix Inc., Billerica, Mass., said it had laid off about 15 percent of its work force in response to losses and diminishing revenue. The company now employs about 290 people. * Chieftain Development Co., Toronto, is completing the purchase of oil reserves in the United States for $29 million. The company's chief executive, Stanley Milner, did not disclose the location.
p141
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its earnings rose 2 percent in the third quarter, when market conditions were ''generally sluggish and uneven.'' Earnings rose to $575 million, or $1.26 a share, from $564 million, or $1.24 a share, the year before. Sales fell 3 percent, to $6.52 billion, from $6.72 billion, and John F. Welch Jr., G.E.'s chairman, said that his company expects no rebound soon.
p142
aVAmetek Inc. said it had completed its previously announced purchase of the Houston instrument division of Bausch & Lomb Inc. for $46 million. * Bell Canada Enterprises Inc., Montreal, said it would delay a planned share-exchange offer for the Daon Development Corp. of Vancouver, Canada, until uncertainty over the offering is cleared up.
p143
aNaNaNaVWHEN jet planes replaced propeller-driven planes in the 1950's, it was considered a great leap forward in aviation. Now, the next major advance in aircraft engine design is a surprising one: a return to propellers. The new engines, known as propfan engines or ultrahigh bypass engines, promise a 40 percent to 50 percent savings in fuel over existing jet engines. Both the Boeing Company and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation say they will have planes using such engines on the market in the early 1990's. Boeing is planning to test-fly a propfan engine next year and McDonnell Douglas plans one in 1987. In their tests, both will use an engine developed by the General Electric Company that had its first ground tests two months ago.
p144
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, which earlier said about 450 jobs would be eliminated at a suburban Baltimore plant because of the Pentagon's termination of the Sergeant York antiaircraft gun and the loss of a $657 million radar system contract, now says as many as 700 will be laid off.
p145
aVThe Standard & Poor's Corporation yesterday raised the debt ratings of four electric utilities whose financial condition had been hurt by their investments in nuclear power plants during the last few years. The outstanding debt of three General Public Utilities Corporation subsidiaries, totaling $1.8 billion, was increased to investment-grade level. This action reflects the start-up of the undamaged Three Mile Island nuclear unit and the prospects for an increased return on shareholders' equity. Also, S.&P. said, the continuing cleanup of the damaged Three Mile Island reactor is on schedule and within its budget.
p146
aV* American Plan Corp., Plano, Tex., said U.S. Assurance Corp. had terminated its Sept. 13 agreement under which U.S. Assurance had agreed to infuse $40 million into American Plan. * Clevepak Corp., Purchase, N.Y., said it had terminated negotiations to sell its Torin Hvac division to Philips Industries.
p147
asS'198511'
p148
(lp149
VThe General Electric Company said today that it would eliminate 900 manufacturing jobs at its Appliance Park complex and buy room air-conditioners from an outside supplier. The outside sourcing program will begin in late 1986 and expand to include ''all of the Louisville-produced models by the end of 1987,'' G.E. said.
p150
aVFederal authorities say they found no basis for a prosecution of the General Electric Company over allegations that employees at a G.E. plant outside Cincinnati cheated on time cards submitted for work on Government contracts. Ann Marie Tracey, an Assistant United States Attorney, said Thursday that the Government had concluded there was no basis for prosecution after investigating the allegations at G.E.'s jet engine plant in Evendale, a Cincinnati suburb. The plant produces jet engines for military and civilian aircraft.
p151
aVThe General Dynamics Corporation reported yesterday that third-quarter earnings slipped 1.6 percent on a 5.8 percent increase in sales. The military contractor, based in St. Louis, said net income in the latest three months dipped to $100.6 million, or $2.38 a share, from $102.2 million, or $2.22 share. It had an average 3.3 million more shares outstanding in the quarter a year earlier. Sales in the latest quarter, General Dynamics said, rose to $2.02 billion, from $1.91 billion a year earlier.
p152
aVCapping three days of hectic trading, CBS stock rose $4.75 a share yesterday, to $123.25, in heavy volume. Fueled by a variety of takeover rumors, CBS stock has soared $14.50 a share in the past three days, rising $5 on Thurday and $4.75 the previous day. Wall Street traders said they had heard that Fisher Bros., a major New York real estate firm headed by Larry and Zachary Fisher, were planning a bid for the company, or that the General Electric Company might be interested.
p153
aVThe American Express Bank Ltd., the international banking arm of the American Express Company, announced that George J. Stathakis, formerly president and chief executive of the giant General Electric Trading Company, will become associated with the bank in its merchant banking group. Mr. Stathakis, who is 55 years old , has spent his entire business career with General Electric, a company he joined in 1953. But in a telephone interview he said he had been contemplating this move, which is effective Sunday, for some time.
p154
aVThe Alamito Company, a wholesaler of electric power based in Tucson, Ariz., said it had agreed to a leveraged buyout by a group of its executives for $123 a share, or a total of $281 million. The Ventana Electric Company, the acquiring company, had made an initial offer of $110 a share share, or about $251 million.
p155
aVGencorp Inc., which was once known as the General Tire and Rubber Company, said yesterday that it would ask its board to authorize the buyback of ''a significant'' portion of its stock, using some $700 million in pretax proceeds, principally from the sale of two television stations. RKO General Inc., a division of Gencorp, has agreed to sell KHJ-TV, a Los Angeles independent television station, to the Westinghouse Electric Corporation for $310 million, Gencorp said. RKO is also exploring the sale of WOR-TV, the New Jersey-based station that covers the New York market. That station, which Westinghouse is also interested in buying, could sell for $300 million to $400 million. The company has additional funds coming from its agreement last month to sell its stake in Frontier Holdings Inc., an airline holding company, to People Express for $300 million.
p156
aV* Allegheny Ludlum Steel Corp., Pittsburgh, said it had ended merger talks with Gibbs Wire and Steel Co. * Allied Stores Corp. said that it had agreed to acquire Jerry Leonard Inc., a chain of 26 apparel stores located in the Middle west and Southwest. Terms were not disclosed.
p157
aVWhen Detroit decides to design a more expensive version of a popular car, it usually means that the new model will have a few bits of additional chrome and a plusher interior. Pontiac's plan for the new Fiero GT, a high-priced offspring of the successful Fiero two-seat sports car, was dramatically different, however. Thanks to the Fiero's unique construction - a plastic skin of outer body panels attached to an independent steel ''space frame'' - the General Motors Corporation division was able to retool quickly and at relatively low cost to change the styling from a chopped-off ''notchback'' look to a more streamlined ''fastback.'' G.M. officials and many others in the auto industry are convinced that clearly differentiated styling approaches are going to be critical to the future success of specialty cars like the Fiero, and family cars as well. And, they say, plastic is going to be critical to that effort.
p158
aV* Belden & Blake Energy Co., North Canton, Ohio, said it had completed the purchase of some oil and gas interests of Willard A. Ryan and others, including seven Mississippi oil wells. Terms were not disclosed. * Colt Industries said it had extended its $37-a-share tender offer for all shares of Walbar Inc. Colt said it had bought 4,746,000 of Walbar's approximately 5,200,000 outstanding shares.
p159
asS'200808'
p160
(lp161
VENTICING SLOGANS The explosive growth in home equity loans has been a boon for banks, but many experts say the ad campaigns encouraged Americans to go deeper into debt. INFLATION RISES Prices of consumer products were 5.6 percent higher last month than they were in July 2007, the sharpest annual increase since the recession of the early 1990s. [C1.]
p162
asS'200809'
p163
(lp164
VGeneral Electric said the Securities and Exchange Commission planned to recommend a civil complaint against the company in a three-year-old inquiry into the way it recognizes revenue and presents cash flow. The S.E.C. staff issued a so-called Wells notice, G.E. said in a regulatory filing after the close of markets on Friday. Wells notices typically give the recipient an opportunity to dissuade the S.E.C. from proceeding. G.E. is in preliminary settlement discussions with the agency, Russell Wilkerson, a company spokesman, said. The S.E.C. inquiry and internal investigations have involved G.E.'s finance, aviation, health-care and energy units, and ''a few'' workers at the locomotive unit were fired as a result, G.E. said in July 2007.
p165
aVBAILOUT PLAN STALLS The government's bailout proposal appeared to fall apart as the House Republican leader, John A. Boehner, declared his caucus would not support the plan. Many economists have concluded that some form of intervention is required to dispel the fear paralyzing the financial system. Economic Memo. [A1.]
p166
aVPREPARING TO TRADE Frazzled traders and money managers spent an angst-filled weekend struggling to fathom the vast bailout that the Bush administration proposed for financial institutions in the United States -- and what it will mean for the world's markets. After intense lobbying from bankers around the world, the United States subsidiaries of most foreign banks holding toxic American mortgage debt now expect to be eligible for the bailout, a shift that is likely to draw fire from American lawmakers. [C1.]
p167
asS'199612'
p168
(lp169
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would increase its quarterly dividend by 13 percent and its stock buyback authorization by $4 billion. The company's board voted to increase the dividend to 52 cents a share from 46 cents. The dividend is payable on Jan. 27. This is the 21st consecutive year that G.E. has increased dividends. When it decided to to increase the repurchase program to $13 billion from $9 billion, the board also extended the program through 1998. In addition, the board recommended a 2-for-1 split of G.E.'s common stock for approval at the annual shareholders meeting in April. The stock gained $3.50 a share yesterday, to $102.75, on the New York Stock Exchange.
p170
aVShares of American Express Company shot up nearly 5 percent yesterday on rumors that the company is about tomerge with another financial-services concern. No merger partner was named. But weeks ago, American Express shares rallied on speculation that Citicorp was planning to buy the company. Analysts scoffed at that report because of Citicorp's ties with Visa credit cards. Shares of American Express climbed $2.625, to a record $59.50, as speculation arose again that the General Electric Company might be weighing a takeover. The American Express spokesman, Michael O'Neill, declined to comment, citing the company's longstanding policy of not commenting on stock market rumors or the movement of its shares.
p171
aVThe Bombay High Court dismissed a petition today seeking to again stop the Enron Corporation from pursuing a power project on the west coast of India. Sanjay Bhatnagar, vice president of Enron's Indian subsidiary, the Dabhol Power Company, said after the ruling that work was expected to begin within weeks.
p172
aVContinuing the push by American utilities into the British market, the Entergy Corporation said today that it had agreed to buy London Electricity P.L.C. for $:1.27 billion, or $2.1 billion. The takeover announcement by Entergy, based in New Orleans, came a month after it said it had ended talks with London Electricity.
p173
aVIt was minutes before midnight on Friday, Nov. 22, and John W. Barr and Jeffrey R. Holzschuh had just helped rescue the biggest deal in the hottest year for mergers in the history of the American energy utility industry -- a $7.7 billion combination of the Duke Power Company of Charlotte, N.C., and the Panenergy Corporation of Houston. Negotiations in New York had broken down 31 hours earlier in a dispute over the exchange ratio for Panenergy stock, and the Texas company had canceled a meeting at which its board had been expected to approve the agreement. In desperation, the investment bankers for both sides had flown to their clients' headquarters for talks aimed at bridging a $4-a-share gap, finally coaxing them to settle on $50 a share at 9:20 P.M.
p174
aVTWO months ago, Rubbermaid Inc. held a product fair here in its headquarters town. It displayed storage bins, kitchen items and other plastic housewares, each with a label that detailed what it cost to make and what it usually sold for. Sounds like a run-of-the-mill corporate event, except for two things: it was open only to Rubbermaid employees and the products were not Rubbermaid's, but its competitors'. Negotiations with the United Steelworkers of America were nearing, and Rubbermaid wanted its workers to see what they were up against.
p175
aVThe Montgomery Ward Holding Corporation, the troubled Chicago-based retailer, named Roger Goddu, formerly with Toys ''R'' Us, as chairman and chief executive of its retail operations yesterday, replacing Bernard F. Brennan, who stepped down in October. Mr. Brennan, who owns roughly a 35 percent stake in the Chicago-based company, will remain chairman of the holding company. But creditors, who had been discontented with the company's direction, may not be entirely soothed by the executive change. At least two Wall Street brokerage houses were offering some $10 million in Montgomery Ward short-term debt yesterday at 90 cents on the dollar, according to people on Wall Street who knew of the offering but spoke on the condition of anonymity. And factors -- financing companies that go between suppliers and merchants -- have become anxious.
p176
aVStocks rose yesterday as the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and I.B.M. regained some lost ground. The Dow Jones industrial average finished up 39.98 to close at 6,308.33. The Dow fell by 32 points at the opening but climbed back into positive territory by late morning, at one point rising more than 56 points in the afternoon.
p177
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and the auction of a 52-week bill on Thursday. According to traders, at the close of the New York cash market on Friday the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was at 4.98 percent and the rate on the six-month issue at 5.03 percent. The rate for the fifty-two week bill is 5.08 percent.
p178
aVSOMETIMES the name on a mutual fund doesn't do a very good job of describing what is in the fund. That fact is the foundation of the new approach to grouping mutual funds in the tables from Morningstar Inc. in The New York Times.
p179
asS'200802'
p180
(lp181
VFacebook Friends: A Rogue Trader? When Jrme Kerviel was first identified as the rogue trader at Socit Gnrale last week, it seemed no one wanted to be his friend. On Facebook, anyway.
p182
asS'200803'
p183
(lp184
sS'200804'
p185
(lp186
VWOES FOR RETAILERS A wave of bankruptcies has hit smaller American retailers like the Sharper Image. Now it looks like the trouble is spreading to bigger national companies like Linens 'n Things. U.S. FAULTED OVER FOOD PRICES Ambitious promotion of ethanol and similar biofuels by the United States is being blamed for rising food prices in the world. But there are other factors, too. [A1.]
p187
aVGLOBAL SHORTAGE A drought that led to the collapse of rice production in Australia is contributing to skyrocketing prices around the world. EBAY'S MR. FIX-IT John Donahoe, chief executive of eBay, has made a number of radical changes to the way the company operates, and the effect was beginning to be seen in the company's financial results, including a 22 percent increase in net income from the year ago quarter. [C1.]
p188
asS'200805'
p189
(lp190
VOne Saturday morning in March, Laurence D. Fink got some urgent news: Wall Street needed his help. Mr. Fink runs BlackRock, a money management company whose name probably rings few bells outside financial circles. But on that March weekend the Federal Reserve, moving to defuse a crisis threatening the American financial system, began turning to BlackRock to play a critical role in the government-brokered rescue of Bear Stearns, the faltering investment bank.
p191
asS'200806'
p192
(lp193
VUTILITIES AND TREES Almost five years after overgrown trees helped set off a blackout that left 50 million people in the dark, a reliability enforcement group said it had demanded $225,000 in civil penalties from two electric utilities that were still not trimming their trees properly. MATTHEW L. WALD FOLGERS BRAND SOLD The J. M. Smucker Company, the maker of jams and jellies, announced Wednesday that it had agreed to buy the Folgers coffee business from Procter & Gamble for $2.95 billion in stock. ABHA BHATTARAI
p194
asS'200807'
p195
(lp196
VSAFETY NET For decades, Treasury secretaries have insisted that the government did not stand behind the debt of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. But Henry M. Paulson Jr. is sending the opposite message. Even as federal regulators issued assurances that depositors' savings were safe, investors' worries drove down banking shares. [A1.]
p197
aVTAKING THE HELMMarcus W. Brauchli, below, a former top editor of The Wall Street Journal, will be the next executive editor of The Washington Post, a paper with declining ad revenue that is working to merge its print and online news operations. SHARES TUMBLE Shares of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the largest providers of financing for United States home mortgages, plunged as investors worried that the companies needed to raise capital to offset larger-than-expected losses. [A1.]
p198
aVAfter years of false starts, a new industry selling motor fuel made from waste is getting a big push in the United States, with the first commercial sales possible within months. Many companies have announced plans to build plants that would take in material like wood chips, garbage or crop waste and turn out motor fuels. About 28 small plants are in advanced planning, under construction or, in a handful of cases, already up and running in test mode.
p199
asS'199610'
p200
(lp201
VThe General Electric Company announced yesterday that third-quarter earnings increased 11 percent over the period last year. ''It was a truly solid quarter,'' said Ann M. Schwetje of Smith Barney. Nicholas P. Heymann, a NatWest Securities analyst who is among the most bullish of G.E.'s fans, readily agreed. ''It shows everything is A-O.K. and on track there,'' he said.
p202
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had hired Prodigy Inc.'s chief operating officer, William J. Lansing, as head of corporate business development. Mr. Lansing, 38, will report to G.E.'s chairman and chief executive, John F. Welch Jr., and will be responsible for increasing sales through acquisitions and new markets.
p203
aVCALIFORNIA consumers will be among the first in the nation to choose their power supplier when electric utilities are deregulated there beginning in 1998. But staid utilities and pipeline companies are already scurrying to remake themselves and build brand recognition among residential and commercial customers before full-scale competition begins.
p204
aVLike every other business in this gritty industrial town, the Tingley Rubber Corporation used to buy its natural gas from the Public Service Electric and Gas Company. Two years ago, though, New Jersey deregulated the gas market, and Tingley switched to another marketer of natural gas that promised lower prices. What it got was a big headache.
p205
aVThe setting was a private dining room at Dreamworks on the Universal lot. At the luncheon table sat two of the most formidable power brokers in Hollywood, Michael Ovitz, president of the Walt Disney Company, and David Geffen, the billionaire mogul and a founding partner at Dreamworks. ''I heard you've been saying bad things about me,'' Mr. Ovitz began.
p206
aVUPN, the fledgling broadcast television network in Los Angeles, has formed an in-house advertising sales division. Perri Stein, 40, becomes senior vice president for advertiser sales and will be based in New York; there will also be regional offices in Chicago and Detroit. Ms. Stein joins UPN after 17 years at NBC, a unit of the General Electric Company, where her most recent position was vice president for news sales.
p207
aVBernard F. Brennan, the chief executive of Montgomery Ward & Company, the troubled department store chain, will soon be replaced, people familiar with the situation said yesterday. Bob Kasenter, the executive vice president of administration at the company, which is based in Chicago, said yesterday that ''We can neither confirm nor deny'' the management shift. Calls to Mr. Brennan's office were not returned.
p208
aVAs one advertising dispute was settled yesterday, another one went to court. Hubert H. Humphrey 3d, the Attorney General in Minnesota, announced a settlement resolving claims made by 19 states against advertisements for drugs marketed by the McNeil Consumer Products Company that carried the name of the Arthritis Foundation. Mr. Humphrey charged that the campaign, with the actress Julie Andrews, misled consumers into believing that the line of drugs -- which were discontinued last month -- were medications newly created by the foundation.
p209
aVUSAir Group Inc. is in talks with the world's three biggest makers of commercial aircraft to buy new planes, the company said today. The Boeing Company, Europe's Airbus Industrie and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation are vying for the order. USAir, the nation's sixth-largest carrier, wants to replace its older jet aircraft to cut costs.
p210
aVStocks Rise to Records, With Dow Topping 5,900 Stocks rose to records, led by bank and financial shares, as the Dow Jones industrial average closed above 5,900 points for the first time, rising 22.73, to 5,904.90, on optimism that interest rates would not rise and harm profits. The S.& P. 500 stock index climbed 1.77 points to 689.08, its second consecutive closing high.
p211
asS'199611'
p212
(lp213
VA group of shareholders of the former Rockefeller Center Properties Inc. has filed a lawsuit charging that David Rockefeller, Goldman, Sachs and others committed securities fraud in their $1.2 billion purchase of the company earlier this year. The suit contends that Mr. Rockefeller, Goldman, Sachs and the company's management knew but did not tell shareholders that the buyers were in talks to sell to the General Electric Company's NBC unit the space the broadcaster leases in the New York landmark, Rockefeller Center, for $440 million. As a result, shareholders were forced to sell their stakes at an artificially low price, the suit says. The sale of the company was approved by shareholders before the Rockefeller-Goldman group reached the agreement with NBC. The defendants called the suit meritless. The suit, filed yesterday in Federal court in Delaware, seeks unspecified damages or rescission of the sale.
p214
aVWhen Leonard Garrambone became Nynex's head of purchasing two years ago, his assignment was clear: ride herd on the nonpayroll expenses, everything from furniture to health benefits to consulting. Nynex executives guessed they were spending $3 billion a year. But Mr. Garrambone wasn't satisfied with guesswork. After six months of sleuthing, he gave management the shocker: the actual number was $6 billion. ''People forget things like stationery or services,'' he said.
p215
aVAlbert J. Dunlap, the chairman and chief executive of the Sunbeam Corporation for nearly four months, announced yesterday that half of the company's 12,000 employees will be let go, through layoffs or sales of divisions, in the biggest restructuring in the company's history. One industry expert said that in percentage terms, it is believed to be the largest work force reduction of its kind ever to be announced.
p216
aVThree groups of banks and credit card companies are racing to complete deals in the next few weeks involving so-called smart cards -- cards embedded with microchips that can store electronic cash and other data. Next week, Mastercard International is expected to invest about $160 million to buy a 51 percent interest in Mondex, an electronic cash system developed in Britain, according to people familiar with the transaction. Spokesmen for both Mastercard and Mondex confirmed that the companies were in negotiations but declined to comment on the details of those talks.
p217
aVTHE Securities and Exchange Commission wants to send a message to companies, particularly foreign ones: If you pay bribes, either disclose the practice or make sure that they do not distort your financial statements. Yesterday, the S.E.C. filed a civil suit against Montedison, the Italian chemicals and energy producer, over the company's payment of bribes to Italian officials several years ago.
p218
aVStocks fell short yesterday in a late bid to extend November's surprisingly resilient rally, having recovered from a sudden wave of profit taking. The Dow Jones industrial average, which seesawed from an early 42-point gain to a 50-point loss before steadying near midday, briefly pulled into positive territory amid some late bargain hunting, but then trailed lower to close at 6,528.41, down 19.38 points.
p219
aVTetsuo Ishii stood near a poster of Christopher Columbus, beckoning him to plunk his money into a fund that invests in America. But Mr. Ishii, a 46-year-old chemical engineer, decided not to send his money to the New World. And he has lots of company in Japan, particularly in the cash-laden board rooms of companies and pension funds.
p220
asS'199111'
p221
(lp222
VThe General Electric Company has signed a contract with the Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries Company for the Japanese company to build parts for G.E.'s industrial gas turbines. Under the 16-year agreement, Ishikawajima will produce the equivalent of 4.6 percent of each G.E. gas turbine and receive 4.6 percent of the profits from their sales, which will start late next year, a Ishikawajima spokesman said. G.E. expects to sell 50 of the $5 million turbines annually, he said.
p223
aVThe proposed sale of British Airways P.L.C.'s engine overhaul business to the General Electric Company of the United States will not be referred to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission, the Department of Trade and Industry said in a statement, reducing the likelihood that completion of the deal will be delayed. British Airways agreed to sell the business, which performs repair and overhauls services for civil jet engines, to G.E. for about $:272 million, or $480 million, in August.
p224
aVElectric Boat, the nation's leading submarine builder, said it had won its first significant nonmilitary job in years. The company, a unit of the General Dynamics Corporation, has been looking to diversify because of declining orders for submarines. It said the new multimillion-dollar contract was to provide components for a waste-water treatment system in Boston. The work will create up to 125 new jobs over a three-year period at Electric Boat's plant in Charleston, S.C., the company said, bringing total employment there to 675. The Charleston plant will be responsible for fabricating 10 large tanks for the Massachusetts Water Resource Authority. The tanks will be designed by engineers at Electric Boat operations in Groton.
p225
aVThe Portland General Corporation, a utility holding company in the Northwest, said it would write off its equity investment in the Bonneville Pacific Corporation and try to recover $28 million in loans it made to the company, which builds and operates electric plants. Portland General said it had based the decision on Bonneville Pacific's "continued underperformance."
p226
aVThe McDonnell Douglas Corporation said it had decided not to sell its finance subsidiary, a move that had been under consideration for the last year. The aerospace company, based in St. Louis, said it would instead focus the subsidiary on two core areas -- aircraft financing and commercial equipment leasing -- while selling off unrelated operations.
p227
aVRolls-Royce P.L.C., the aircraft engine maker, said it had reached an agreement with the Douglas Aircraft Company for the Rolls Trent engine to power the McDonnell Douglas Corporation's new long-range MD-12 airliners. Martin Brodie, Rolls-Royce spokesman, said it was the first to sign an agreement with McDonnell but that its competitors, the General Electric Company and the United Technologies Corporation's Pratt & Whitney unit, were also developing engines for the MD-12.
p228
aVGE Capital Retailer Financial Services, a unit of the General Electric Company, said it had created a group to provide specialized and expanded private-label credit card services to department stores. The company said the unit would use its accounts receivable resources and focus on financial engineering, security, systems, operations, marketing and risk management. GE Capital Retailer is a third-party issuer of private-label credit cards, managing 55 million individual credit card accounts for 200 retail businesses in the United States.
p229
aV* Barr Laboratories Inc., Northvale, N.J., a pharmaceutical company, said the F.D.A. had raised issues about its manufacturing practices during recent inspections. * CBS Inc., New York, said it would try to sell KLOU-FM in St. Louis.
p230
aV* Archer Daniels Midland Co., Decatur, Ill., a food producer, has bought 5.65 percent of American Fructose Corp., a unit of American Maize-Products Co., Stamford, Conn., for $3.4 million. * Cray Research Inc., Minneapolis, is negotiating a pact with Digital Equipment Corp., Maynard, Mass. Under the deal, Digital would distribute Cray's Y-MP EL supercomputer.
p231
aV* American General Corp., Houston, a financial services company, named James L. Gleaves vice president and treasurer. * Andersen Consulting, New York, a unit of Arthur Andersen Worldwide, named Joellin Comerford managing partner for its financial markets practice in the Americas.
p232
asS'199110'
p233
(lp234
VThe General Electric Company reported a modest 2 percent increase in third-quarter profits yesterday but said earnings of its finance subsidiary jumped 19 percent as nonperforming assets declined. With earnings at its Kidder, Peabody brokerage improving and with its NBC division benefiting from the sale of an asset, the company said that most of its major businesses were resisting the economic downturn. However, it said that earnings at its appliances, aircraft engine, aerospace and materials divisions were weaker and acted as a drag on earnings.
p235
aVUnderscoring the success of the Boeing Company's newest jetliner, Japan Airlines said today that it had placed 20 orders and options for the mid-sized 777's. The order, valued at $2 billion, comes two months after a $3.6 billion order for 777's from British Airways, and brings the number of customers for the new plane to six. United Airlines is to take first delivery of a 777 in May 1995.
p236
aVUSAir reported a smaller-than-expected quarterly loss yesterday but also announced a series of measures to cut costs by about $400 million next year. One analyst said the carrier still had far to go to reduce its labor costs, which are among the highest for a leading carrier. USAir Group said it lost $81.4 million for the third quarter, compared with a loss of $120.3 million in the period last year. Revenues for both third quarters totaled $1.6 billion.
p237
aVFalling stock prices and a shortage of cash among investors turned a $734 million stock sale by British Aerospace P.L.C. into one of the worst offerings in British corporate history, analysts said. Less than 5 percent of the 117 million new shares offered to existing shareholders were bought. The rest was left with underwriters, who faced large paper losses.
p238
aVThe General Electric Company's aircraft engines unit said it would eliminate 1,500 jobs by the end of next year to cut costs by $450 million. "GE Aircraft Engines faces a fiercely competitive marketplace," said Brian Rowe, the senior vice president at a plant in Evendale, outside Cincinnati. "Due to a softened commercial airline market and a shrinking defense budget, our customers are more focused than ever on lower costs."
p239
aVPratt & Whitney said that All Nippon Airways had placed a $704 million order for 58 engines to power its new fleet of Boeing 777 super-twin aircraft. The airline selected Pratt & Whitney, which is a unit of the United Technologies Corporation, over Rolls-Royce and the General Electric Company, an All Nippon spokesman said.
p240
aV* Asea Brown Boveri Inc., Stamford, Conn., a power-generator company and unit of Asea Brown Boveri A.B. of Sweden, received a contract for more than $14 million from New England Power Co. to upgrade the oil-powered Salem Harbor power plant in Massachusetts. * Banta Corp., Menasha, Wis., a video services concern, agreed in principle to sell a substantial portion of its Editel post-production division to Unitel Video Inc., New York, for $19 million in cash, notes and securities and the assumption of liabilities.
p241
aVBy reopening the debate in Congress on the appropriate level of military spending, President Bush's move to reduce the nation's nuclear forces raises the possibility that Pentagon contractors will face deeper and faster cuts in weapons programs than they previously envisioned, analysts said today. In acknowledging in his speech on Friday that the threat from the Soviet Union is considerably diminished, President Bush made it easier for Democrats in Congress to oppose a wide range of weapons programs, analysts and industry executives said. Support for the Northrop Corporation's B-2 Stealth bomber, already waning, eroded further over the weekend, with even staunch supporters like Senator Sam Nunn, Democrat of Georgia, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, saying the program should be scaled back.
p242
aV* Andrew Corp., Orland Park, Ill., a communications concern, signed a joint-venture agreement with the Moscow Metro subway system to develop and provide a fiber-optic telecommunications network for the Moscow metropolitan area. Moscow Metro will own 69 percent of the joint venture and Andrew 31 percent. * Associated Natural Gas Corp., Denver, an oil and gas company, entered a $34.2 million agreement with Apache Corp., Denver, an exploration company, to buy certain natural gas processing and pipline components.
p243
aVCharles J. Cuddington's blue eyes flash with anger as he talks about how the General Electric Company vanquished Rolls-Royce P.L.C. in the battle to supply engines for Boeing 777 wide-body jets ordered by British Airways, a longtime Rolls customer. G.E. won the engine contract in August, worth as much as $1.4 billion, by underbidding Rolls and then outbidding it to buy British Airways' engine-overhaul operation in Wales. Analysts say the price for the operation -- $:272 million, or $$460.7 million -- vastly exceeds its worth.
p244
asS'199112'
p245
(lp246
VA consortium led by the General Electric Company has won a contract to build South Korea's first communications satellites. The consortium, which includes the Lucky-Goldstar Group of South Korea and Britain's Marconi Space Systems Ltd., bid $145.1 million against a losing bid of $152.5 million from a group led by British Aerospace P.L.C. that included TRW Inc., said a spokesman for Korea Telecom.
p247
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, which is struggling to stem losses from its troubled financial services unit, said today that it had ended talks on selling some of the subsidiary's assets to the General Electric Company. But the Pittsburgh-based industrial conglomerate said it was talking with "other interested parties," which it did not identify, and said it expects to make $1.2 billion from sales to those parties by the end of the first quarter of 1992.
p248
aVThe General Electric Company awarded a contract to the Electronic Data Systems Corporation to manage purchases of personal computers, software and related products for G.E.'s global operations as well as the computer service business that G.E. provides to customers, the companies said today. Seymour Merrin, president of Merrin Information Services, a research firm in Palo Alto, Calif., said the five-year deal would be worth at least $30 million a year. Stephen Clancy, an analyst at Ledgeway/Dataquest, a research firm in Framingham, Mass., estimated revenues at close to $100 million a year.
p249
aVGENERAL MOTORS and the International Business Machines Corporation, which plans to cut 20,000 workers next year, get poor marks from Wall Street and business professors. The problem is footdragging on cost-cutting, despite some clear industrial examples available to follow. When John F. Welch Jr., then 45 years old, became chairman and chief executive of the ailing General Electric Company in 1981, action was immediate, and tough. And G.E. posted an unbroken record of rising quarterly profits until a big charge for accrued pension liabilities temporarily halted the streak early this year.
p250
aVW. James McNerney Jr., who was named yesterday as the new head of the General Electric Company's $1.7 billion Electrical Distribution and Control business, is quick to say he has a lot of homework to do. He comes to his new post with a background in consumer products, consulting, and a variety of assignments at G.E. that have little to do with the circuit breakers, automation controls, switches, transformers and other industrial equipment in which his new group specializes. Mr. McNerney, 42 years old, will replace Stephen Rabinowitz, 48, who was named vice president in charge of special projects. In a news release announcing the changes, John F. Welch Jr., G.E.'s chairman and chief executive, ambiguously described the unit as "one of G.E.'s most competitive global businessess." When asked whether he thought Mr. Welch meant that G.E. products had an unusually strong position or that the industry was a particularly tough one for G.E., Mr. McNerney was uncertain.
p251
aVThe General Electric Company has decided not to renew its $3 million in funding for the National Audubon Society's series of television specials when its commitment expires in 1993. Loggers and ranchers who disapproved of the documentaries' portrayal of environmental issues saw the decision as the result of their protests against G.E.'s support of the programs. But a G.E. spokeswoman said yesterday that because the company had reduced its communications budget, it could not justify making additional program grants.
p252
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it expected to be notified early this week about a $400 million contract for South Korea's first satellite. South Korean newspapers, quoting Government officials, reported yesterday that Seoul had selected General Electric over British Aerospace P.L.C. as the main manufacturer of a telecommunications satellite to be launched in 1995.
p253
aVALTHOUGH they only occasionally grab headlines, and then only when used in their most exotic applications, such as breast implants or the O-rings of the space shuttle, silicone compounds have become blue-collar mainstays of the chemical world. Silicone compounds are so widely used in construction, industrial applications, textile production and service sector support businesses like printing and labeling that the earnings growth of the Dow Corning Corporation (negative in 1982, slipping since 1987), the largest silicone producer, can be used as an indicator for the health of the economy. Few worldwide markets the size of silicone's -- some estimates run as high as $6 billion -- are made up of so many niches. Dow Corning estimates that it sells more than 5,000 silicone products to 105 different segments of industry, none accounting for more than 3 percent of the company's total sales of silicone products. The General Electric Company, the No. 2 producer, figures it has more than 4,000 silicone products.
p254
aVIN the annals of real estate excesses, the Westinghouse Credit Corporation will be remembered as the subsidiary that nearly destroyed its parent company by making reckless loans. The credit unit financed billions of dollars' worth of motel projects that even by the standards of the 1980's were remarkably risky. So far this year, those deals have resulted in more than $2.66 billion in losses for Westinghouse Electric. The debacle is so severe that one executive referred to it as a "baby R.T.C." The discounting necessary if the company is to sell the disastrous real estate portfolio is on a par with the write-downs on some properties of the Resolution Trust Corporation, which sells assets of failed savings and loans.
p255
aVAmericans' incomes shrank last month as layoffs mounted, but rising expenses pushed up spending and curtailed savings, the Commerce Department reported today. Personal incomes fell one-tenth of 1 percent from October, to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of $4.88 trillion -- the first monthly drop in incomes since July, when they fell three-tenths of 1 percent.
p256
asS'200412'
p257
(lp258
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would buy back as much as $15 billion in stock over three years and raise its dividend by 10 percent. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., said its quarterly dividend would increase to 22 cents a share, payable on Jan. 25 to shareholders of record Dec. 27. Jeffrey R. Immelt, the chief executive, said the company's shift into faster-growing industrial businesses and more profitable financial services sectors should produce earnings growth of at least 10 percent starting next year. G.E. shares rose 67 cents, to $36.69.
p259
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it expected profit to rise as much as 17 percent next year as its revamped portfolio of faster-growing businesses drives sales. Jeffrey R. Immelt, G.E.'s chief executive, said in a presentation to investors in New York that the company expected double-digit growth in 10 of its 11 main business units next year. ''We really think we have today a stronger and faster-growing G.E.,'' he said.
p260
aVInVision Technologies, the largest supplier of bomb detection systems for United States airports, said yesterday that it had reached a settlement with the Justice Department over possible improper payments related to foreign sales and that as a result of the settlement, General Electric had completed its $900 million purchase of the company. The Justice Department decided not to prosecute InVision under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act after the company agreed to some penalties, including an $800,000 fine. InVision, of Newark, Calif., is also negotiating a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The acquisition of InVision, which closed yesterday morning, is expected to bolster G.E.'s push into security, a business that has been a focus of the company's chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, has focused on. G.E. is based in Fairfield, Conn.
p261
aVThe Parmalat USA Corporation, the United States unit of Italy's largest food company, filed a plan to exit bankruptcy by continuing its business in New York and two other states and liquidating the rest of its assets. General Electric Capital Public Finance, a unit of General Electric and a creditor, would receive 80 percent of the common stock in the subsidiary Farmland Dairies, which would continue to sell milk in New York, New Jersey and Michigan, according to papers filed in United States Bankruptcy Court in New York. Parmalat USA would liquidate its remaining assets, including its Atlanta business.
p262
aVIn the long-running Enron bankruptcy tale, one of the more intriguing sideshows involves the fate of Portland General Electric, Oregon's largest utility and the only energy-producing asset Enron actually owned. The electric utility has become the object of a tug of war in which many in the city's business elite have aligned themselves with their natural adversaries, consumer groups, to fight a proposed sale to the Texas Pacific Group.
p263
aVCustomers of investor-owned electric utilities must cover all the expenses of these legal monopolies in the rates they pay. But what happens when a utility owner reduces costs, say by merging the accounting operations of two utilities or by reducing corporate income taxes? Do the savings benefit customers or the owners? The Texas Pacific Group, the $13 billion investment fund that is trying to buy Oregon's largest electric utility, said on Monday at a regulatory hearing that if the savings resulted from combining functions like accounting, the money must be returned to customers. But it said that if the savings were in taxes, the utility's owners are entitled to the money.
p264
aVThe prospects for hybrid electric vehicles were bolstered Monday when General Motors and DaimlerChrysler, two automakers long skeptical about hybrids, said they would develop them by working together. The two companies have already been separately developing hybrids and said they had been in discussions since last year. They agreed to jointly develop a compact hybrid system that saves gas on both the highway and in the city, where today's hybrids are more efficient. It will also be designed for full-size trucks and for use with diesel and gasoline engines.
p265
aVCBS and NBC said yesterday that they would stop running three television commercials for beer brands sold by the Miller Brewing division of SAB Miller; the ads had been challenged as misleading by Anheuser-Busch. The commercials were among a series pitting Miller Lite and Miller Genuine Draft in consumer tests against the Bud Light and Budweiser brands sold by Anheuser-Busch, which contended the test results were flawed. CBS, owned by Viacom, and NBC, owned by the General Electric Company, said they would stop running the three ads because they disparaged the Anheuser-Busch brands or conveyed unsubstantiated claims. The networks said they would continue to run four other Miller beer commercials that Anheuser-Busch had also challenged. Stuart Elliott (NYT)
p266
aVPinault-Printemps-Redoute, the tempest-tossed owner of fashion brands like Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent, said on Tuesday that it planned to sell its stake in the equipment parts distributor Rexel in a deal valuing the company at 3.7 billion euros, or $4.9 billion. The transaction will allow the highly leveraged Pinault-Printemps to pay down some 3 billion euros in debt, and focus on the luxury goods and retail markets. Investors have questioned the company's strategy in recent months after it and Tom Ford, its well-known designer, parted ways.
p267
aVGeneral Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn., which makes aircraft engines, said it would buy the Aircraft Parts Corp., Holtsville, N.Y. Terms were not disclosed. U.S. Bancorp, Minneapolis, a regional bank, said it would increase its quarterly dividend by 25 percent and would authorize the repurchase of 150 million shares in the open market. Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Co., a British ports operator, said it had sold 14 buildings in Boston for $97 million to Berkley Investments, Boston, a real estate investment company, and to an unnamed private investor in Germany. Tarragon Corp., New York, a home builder and real estate investment company, said it would buy four apartment and town house complexes in Florida for about $190 million.
p268
asS'200411'
p269
(lp270
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the Edwards Systems Technology business of the SPX Corporation for $1.4 billion in cash to add fire detection and building safety systems to its three-year-old security unit. General Electric will get ''significant'' cost savings, said William Woodburn, chief executive of GE Infrastructure, the unit buying Edwards. SPX, which is based in Charlotte, N.C., said that it would use the proceeds to pay debt and buy back stock. General Electric will be able to broaden its security offerings and tap what it estimates is a $15 billion industry for fire and building-system products. General Electric is based in Fairfield, Conn.
p271
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had agreed to buy Ionics Inc. for $1.1 billion in cash to take advantage of rising demand for water purification and treatment in developing countries. Investors in Ionics, which is based in Watertown, Mass., will receive $44 a share, a 48 percent premium over the company's closing price on Tuesday. General Electric, based in Fairfield, Conn., said the purchase would add desalination and filtration to its industrial water treatment business. G.E. said it would now be able to accelerate research on water-purification technology while expanding financing for customers of Ionics in China and the Middle East. Shares of General Electric fell 17 cents, to $35.64. Ionics surged $13.53, or 45.5 percent, to $43.28.
p272
aVGeneral Electric has agreed to delay its $900 million purchase of InVision Technologies for two months while federal officials look into InVision's disclosure of possible improper payments by international distributors. The extension, until Dec. 27, was an indication that both sides are committed to the merger, an InVision spokeswoman, Laura Graves, and a G.E. spokesman, Jeff Demarrais, said. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., agreed in March to buy InVision, the biggest supplier of bomb-detection machines for airports. The companies agreed that the transaction would not be completed until there had been a resolution with the Justice Department. InVision is based in Newark, Calif.
p273
aVThe General Electric Company said on Monday that it had sold a 60 percent stake in its pioneering back-office unit in India to two private equity firms for $500 million. G.E. sold the majority stake to General Atlantic Partners and Oak Hill Capital Partners, and will keep the remaining 40 percent. The sale opens the unit to accepting work from companies other than G.E. and its subsidiaries.
p274
aVOn Wall Street, it is bad enough when a brokerage firm loses one of its most successful brokers to a rival. But when he threatens to take the prestigious account of John F. Welch Jr., the former chairman of General Electric, with him, the loss is potentially much more painful. That is the predicament Merrill Lynch executives have been in since Friday, when a star broker, John T. Fitzpatrick, bolted across Midtown Manhattan to the brokerage arm of UBS, formerly PaineWebber. Mr. Fitzpatrick, who is in his early 40's and a former colleague of Peter E. Bacanovic, Martha Stewart's broker, managed more than $1 billion for rich investors, including Mr. Welch, according to people who know him.
p275
aVCitigroup, which has been shedding equipment-finance units, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its business that provides lending and leasing to the trucking industry to the General Electric Company for about $4.4 billion. Citigroup, based in New York, said it would record a gain of about $90 million from the deal. GE Commercial Finance, the business-to-business financing unit of General Electric, said it would keep the group, CitiCapital Transportation Financial Services, in Dallas and add 600 workers. General Electric, based in Fairfield, Conn., has said it will buy companies it thinks can help push profit growth to at least 10 percent annually, including leasing and business financing. Profit at GE Commercial Finance, which already oversees the world's biggest aircraft lending business, is forecast to rise by 10 percent or more in 2005, Michael Neal, the unit's chief executive, said at an Oct. 26 investor meeting.
p276
aVA federal judge has dealt another blow to the Internal Revenue Service in its battle against questionable tax shelters, ordering the agency to refund to a private entity controlled by General Electric more than $62 million stemming from a transaction the I.R.S. had deemed a sham. Judge Stefan R. Underhill of the United States District Court of Connecticut said in a ruling on Monday that a G.E.-controlled entity named TIFD III-E was entitled to the refund because of its work as the main tax partner of a commercial aircraft-leasing partnership. The partnership, Castle Harbour I-Limited Liability Company, was set up in 1993 by GE Capital, a unit of General Electric.
p277
aVPinault-Printemps-Redoute, the tempest-tossed owner of fashion brands like Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent, said on Tuesday that it planned to sell its stake in the equipment parts distributor Rexel in a deal valuing the company at 3.7 billion euros, or $4.9 billion. The transaction will allow the highly leveraged Pinault-Printemps to pay down some 3 billion euros in debt, and focus on the luxury goods and retail markets. Investors have questioned the company's strategy in recent months after it and Tom Ford, its well-known designer, parted ways.
p278
aVProfit at the Toyota Motor Corporation slipped 1.5 percent in the most recent quarter as damage from a falling dollar offset strong increases in sales around the world. Toyota, the world's second-largest carmaker, reported net income of 297.4 billion yen ($2.8 billion) for the quarter ended Sept. 30, as the falling dollar eroded the value of Toyota's sales in the United States.
p279
aVPeter Chernin, president of the News Corporation, has signed a new contract that makes it easier for him to take the top job at another publicly traded company. The details of the contract are likely to stir further speculation that Mr. Chernin is in the running to take over at Walt Disney. Disney's board said in September that it planned to find a replacement for its chief executive, Michael D. Eisner, by June, after more than a year of shareholder protests.
p280
asS'200410'
p281
(lp282
VThe General Electric Company's third-quarter earnings rose 11 percent and revenue jumped 15 percent as a rebounding economy and acquisitions drove a sharp increase in orders, the company said Friday. G.E. -- the industrial, financial services and media conglomerate -- said it earned $4.05 billion, or 38 cents a share, in the period, up from $3.65 billion, or 36 cents a share, a year ago. Revenue for the quarter was $38.3 billion, up from $33.4 billion a year ago.
p283
aVGeneral Electric has joined forces with the Honda Motor Company to produce a new Honda jet engine, company officials said yesterday. The new company, GE Honda Aero Engines, will manufacture the Honda HF118 turbofan engine for small business jets that seat four to eight passengers. It will begin operating at the end of this year in Cincinnati, where GE Transportation's aircraft engine business has its headquarters.
p284
aVThe Senate cleared a path on Sunday for a bill to hand out about $140 billion in corporate tax breaks, but it was blocked from a final vote by a fight over a provision aimed at helping reservists on duty in Iraq. The 633-page bill, which has already been passed by the House, is loaded with hundreds of provisions that provide benefits to a wide range of interests, including the General Electric Company, oil drillers, shipbuilders, cruise ship operators, importers of ceiling fans, corn farmers, tobacco farmers and even foreign gamblers.
p285
aVTop executives at the Ford Motor Company have privately endorsed an aggressive goal of reining in emissions from the automaker's vehicles by 2030, joining companies like BP and Toyota in approaching the issue as a business opportunity rather than a regulatory chore. Ford's goal, according to its own internal projections, would require an improvement of about 80 percent in the fuel economy of its cars and trucks by 2030, according to people who have been informed of the plan.
p286
aVSBC Communications, the regional Bell telephone company, and AT&T, the nation's largest long-distance carrier, reported divergent third-quarter earnings yesterday, financial results that reflected the fallout from a court decision in June that favored the Bell companies. SBC, the nation's second-largest provider of local phone service, earned $2.1 billion, or 63 cents a diluted share, a rise of 72.2 percent from the third quarter of 2003. Revenue grew 1.4 percent, to $10.3 billion, the second consecutive increase after three years of declines.
p287
aVViacom said yesterday that it would sell a radio station to the Spanish Broadcasting System for a 10 percent stake in SBS, giving Viacom an entry into the Hispanic radio market in the United States. The move is a step by Viacom toward offsetting slowing growth in advertising revenue from English-language radio stations by aiming at the nation's increasingly prosperous Spanish-speaking population, one analyst said.
p288
aVStocks strode higher yesterday as shares in insurance companies rallied after Marsh & McLennan's decision to replace its chief executive in the face of a continuing investigation. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 1.4 percent. Analysts attributed at least some of the day's rise to bargain hunting as October comes to a close. Many mutual funds end their fiscal year in October, and their managers then reposition their holdings and make new bets. This was reflected in the buying in some beaten-down sectors, including financial, health care and pharmaceutical stocks.
p289
aVStocks advanced widely yesterday as optimism about third-quarter earnings overshadowed surging oil prices. Alcoa and General Electric, which report results this week, rallied to lift the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index to a three-and-a-half-month high. The S.&P. 500 climbed 7.57 points, or 0.67 percent, to 1,142.05, a level not seen since June 23. The index has gained 7.4 percent since reaching its low for the year on Aug. 12, even as crude oil futures prices rose sharply.
p290
aVMichael S. Ovitz, the former president of the Walt Disney Company testifying in a shareholder lawsuit here, spent Thursday challenging accusations of conflicts of interest and failures during his brief tenure, lecturing on how Hollywood worked. ''In our world people do things that are very unorthodox and that this court has not seen before,'' Mr. Ovitz said.
p291
aVU.S. Created 96,000 Jobs, Fewer Than Forecast Employment grew by 96,000 jobs in September, less than the 150,000 expected, presenting a weak picture of the economy in the last jobs figures to be released before Election Day.
p292
asS'199803'
p293
(lp294
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would cut about 1,200 jobs in a revamping of its GE Power Systems subsidiary, which makes turbines and other power-plant equipment. The cuts, which amount to 5 percent of the unit's work force, are expected to take place early next year. G.E. plans to contract with other companies to manufacture steam turbine parts from its plant in Schenectady, N.Y., eliminating about 475 jobs. In addition, G.E. will move its sales and services operations from there to Atlanta, which will affect 450 employees. G.E. also announced plans to close a steam turbine factory in Fitchburg, Mass., which will eliminate up to 600 jobs. GE Power Systems has 24,000 workers.
p295
aVThe General Electric Company's GE Capital Services unit agreed yesterday to sell its commercial data center's outsourcing business to the IBM Global Services unit of I.B.M. for an undisclosed sum. For I.B.M., GE Capital immediately becomes one of the largest customers of its $26 billion Global Services operation. G.E. said that it expected to realize ''significant immediate and long-term savings'' from the pact. Although financial terms were not disclosed, the deal calls for I.B.M. to hire nearly all the 590 employees affected by the sale and to provide services from G.E. facilities in Alpharetta, Ga., Dallas and Toronto.
p296
aVThe GE Capital Corporation agreed to buy Barcom P.L.C., which provides fleet management for the mining, engineering and construction industries, for $:41.4 million ($67 million). GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company based in Fairfield, Conn., would pay 72 pence for each Barcom share. The offer represents a premium of 47 percent over Barcom's closing share price yesterday. Shares of Barcom, which is based in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, soared 19.5 pence, or 40 percent, to 68.50 pence. Barcom also offers medium- and long-term contracts for fleet management and distributes equipment to the engineering, agriculture, forestry and other industries.
p297
aVA bidding war for the Energy Group P.L.C., Britain's largest utility, intensified yesterday as Texas Utilities raised its bid to $7.34 billion, slightly more than Pacificorp's offer of $7.2 million made on Monday. Texas Utilities also said yesterday that it had spent a little more than $1 billion to buy 72.6 million shares, or a 13.9 percent stake, in the Energy Group.
p298
aVCINCINNATI'S dated nickname -- Queen of the West -- says a lot: it has been a long time since the city that invented air mail (by balloon), professional baseball and Ivory soap made waves as a driver of innovation and growth. In fact, Mark Twain remarked, ''If the world would end, I would come to Cincinnati for everything happens here 10 years later.'' So, if someone said, ''I've got a great idea: give me some money, and I'll put it all in stocks of Cincinnati companies,'' few people would probably leap at the chance. And investment advisers say such a fund is probably not a good idea because the universe of potential investments is too limited.
p299
aVGE Capital Services said today that it had bought the First Factors Corporation, marking its entry into the factoring commercial finance business in the United States. Terms of the purchase by the concern, the General Electric Company's finance arm, of the privately held First Factors were not disclosed. Factoring companies lend money against a stream of payments or delivery of goods. GE Capital has such businesses in Italy, France and Germany.
p300
aVNathan R. Owen, the longtime chairman and chief executive of the General Signal Corporation who helped build it into a major industrial company, died March 9 at his home in Palm Beach, Fla. He was 78. The cause of death was complications related to abdominal surgery, David Owen, his son, said.
p301
aVThe plunge in the stock price of the Intel Corporation last week, after the company warned that its first-quarter profits would be disappointing, hit mutual fund investors harder than any other one-day decline by a stock in recent history. That is because Intel is held by more diversified domestic stock funds than is any other company, according to Morningstar Inc., the financial publisher in Chicago.
p302
aVSeveral major stock market indexes climbed to highs yesterday as investors used the previous day's selloff as an opportunity to buy stocks at lower prices. The gains pushed the Nasdaq composite index, a leading technology barometer, to its first close above 1,800. A retreat in crude oil prices, which buoyed the Treasury bond market by diminishing fears of higher inflation, aided stocks as well. After rising almost $2 a barrel on Monday, oil prices slipped by more than 50 cents a barrel yesterday, reflecting investors' skepticism about whether oil producers would stick to a weekend agreement to curb production. Also sliding were prices of such oil shares as Chevron, British Petroleum and Mobil. Several oil-related indexes also faltered. The Oil Service Sector index fell 1.92 percent, the Amex Natural Gas index slipped 1.84 percent and the Amex oil index fell 1.36 percent.
p303
aVOn its face, the annual ritual of wage negotiations that took place this week is one more sign of the depths of Japan's economic distress. Raises will be coming, but labor officials are all but certain that the average rate of increase in wages will fall below the 2.9 percent increase that workers received last year. This year's rate of increase will be about 2.7 percent, giving rise to fears that workers are losing ground.
p304
asS'199802'
p305
(lp306
VGreenwich Air Services, an aircraft maintenance company, said yesterday that it planned to close a plant in East Granby, Conn., by June and eliminate 460 jobs. The Miami-based company was bought in September by the General Electric Company for $530 million. Officials said the Connecticut maintenance center was not as efficient as others run by the company. The other plants are in Miami, Dallas and McAllen, Tex.
p307
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain said yesterday that it would sell its Marconi Instruments unit to IFR Systems Inc. for $:65 million, or $107 million. Marconi Instruments Ltd. of Britain and its subsidiaries in France, Spain, Germany and the United States are being sold. General Electric P.L.C., a London-based diversified engineering group, is not related to the General Electric Company of the United States. Marconi Instruments, based in Stevenage, England, makes electronic test and measurement systems and equipment. IFR, based in Wichita, Kan., makes communications equipment for the aerospace industry and general-purpose test equipment.
p308
aVThe Mitel Corporation, a Canadian telecommunications equipment maker, said yesterday that it had acquired Plessey Semiconductors Ltd., which focuses on the telecommunications, media and personal computer markets, and some related units from the General Electric Company P.L.C. for $225 million in cash to expand its line of radio-frequency and mixed-signal design equipment. Shares of Mitel, which is based in Kanata, Ontario, rose 9 percent, or $1, yesterday to $11.875.
p309
aVThe GE Capital Corporation said yesterday that it had bought a truck trailer leasing subsidiary from Kellers Systems Inc., increasing its North American trailer fleet -- already the nation's biggest -- by 20 percent. GE Capital, a Stamford, Conn., unit of the General Electric Company, did not say how much it had paid for the Trailer Leasing Company, which has about 39,000 trailers, but a person close to the negotiations said it had paid more than $300 million. GE Capital, whose businesses range from credit cards to airplane leasing, now has about 235,000 truck trailers in its fleet.
p310
aVThe GE Capital Corporation, the financing arm of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it was in talks with the Toho Mutual Life Insurance Company about expanding into Japan's life insurance market. GE Financial Assurance, a unit of GE Capital, is in talks with the ailing Toho ''to explore a range of business options,'' a spokesman for the company, which is based in Stamford, Conn., said. The talks may include investing in Toho or forming a joint venture or partnership. Foreign companies are taking advantage of Japan's six-year slump to expand their market share there.
p311
aVGE Financial Assurance, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, plans to form a life insurance joint venture in Japan with the financially troubled Toho Mutual Insurance Company, the companies said today. A link between the companies had been expected since the G.E. unit said two weeks ago that they were in talks.
p312
aVGE Capital Services said today that it had bought the First Factors Corporation, marking its entry into the factoring commercial finance business in the United States. Terms of the purchase by the concern, the General Electric Company's finance arm, of the privately held First Factors were not disclosed. Factoring companies lend money against a stream of payments or delivery of goods. GE Capital has such businesses in Italy, France and Germany.
p313
aVHoping to regain its once-leading share of the global market for jet engines, Pratt & Whitney announced yesterday that it would introduce a radical new engine design that it said would be quieter, cleaner, more efficient and more reliable than anything currently offered by its competitors. The new engine, which is expected to enter service in 2002, is designed to propel a single-aisle jetliner holding 120 to 180 passengers, like the Boeing 737 or the Airbus A320. If it performs as Pratt & Whitney promises, it will reduce emissions by 40 percent and widely surpass noise restrictions set to take effect at the end of the decade.
p314
aVWhen March comes in like a lamb, it goes out like a lion, some stock market analysts cautioned after yesterday's rather gentle session. Broad market indexes have climbed into record territory this year, with the Dow Jones industrial average edging up to another high yesterday.
p315
aVIF conventional wisdom held true, the stock would have dropped. After all, here was CBS, desperate to do a deal, agreeing to pay a record $4 billion for the American Football Conference package. Even Mel Karmazin, the CBS Station Group chairman who promised that the company would make money regardless of the price tag, has acknowledged it will not make much.
p316
asS'199801'
p317
(lp318
VThe chairman of Fiat S.p.A., Italy's largest corporation, said today that he would step down in June and would recommend that Paolo Fresco, a vice chairman of the General Electric Company, take his place. The chairman, Cesare Romiti, who took over in 1996 from Giovanni Agnelli, the grandson of the founder of the giant auto group, said on Italian television that he would propose Mr. Fresco as his successor when the Fiat board meets on Jan. 30.
p319
aVBrandywine Realty Trust said it had agreed to acquire a 23-property portfolio from GMH Associates Inc. and other partners for $229 million. Brandywine, based in Newtown Square, Pa., has more than 90 commercial and industrial properties. GMH Associates, of Wayne, Pa., is a private real estate company. The other partners include Whitehall Street Real Estate L.L.P. VII and the General Electric GE Capital unit. The portfolio, with a total of 1.9 million square feet, consists of office properties in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and Ohio. Brandywine stock rose 31.25 cents a share, to $25.625.
p320
aVThe Lockheed Martin Corporation said today that earnings before gains and charges rose 12 percent in the fourth quarter, lifted by more than $800 million in payments received for three important military contracts. The company, whose products include the F-16 and F-22 fighters, the Titan and Atlas rockets and the C-130J transport plane, said profit after gains and charges rose to $363 million, or $1.79 a diluted share, from $323 million, or $1.49 a share, in the quarter a year ago. The earnings met analysts' expectations, and Lockheed's shares rose 43.75 cents, to $100.125.
p321
aVTHE Gillette Company may nick investor enthusiasm in coming months. Despite a long string of earnings gains that has made it a stock market favorite, Gillette has hit a rough patch. Its stock is languishing from its high of $106.375 in July 1997. Its domestic sales have been flat. And much is riding on a new shaving system about which little is known.
p322
aVIT was the way the new, improved I.B.M. was supposed to work. In September 1996, Louis V. Gerstner Jr., the company's chairman, lured a handful of corporate chief executives to a daylong strategy seminar. During a discussion of research collaboration among companies in different fields, Robert B. Shapiro, the chairman of Monsanto, wondered aloud whether his pharmaceutical and agricultural-products company could use any I.B.M. technology in its genetics research. Within weeks, a SWAT team of I.B.M. executives was dispatched to Monsanto's headquarters in St. Louis, armed with tantalizing discoveries from I.B.M.'s labs that could be used to help map the gene structure of seeds and human cells. Once in the door, the I.B.M. salesmen looked for other opportunities. Lo and behold, a year later, Monsanto signed a 10-year deal worth hundreds of millions of dollars to I.B.M.
p323
aVThe six-year reign of Death Row Records, one of the music industry's most profitable and controversial labels, may be coming to an end. Since its chief executive, Suge Knight, began serving a nine-year sentence for parole violations last year, Death Row's empire of gangsta rap has slowly been unraveling. The deterioration of its position accelerated this month, as it lost most of its remaining successful acts and is on the verge of losing its distribution deal with Interscope, half of which is owned by Seagram's Universal Studios.
p324
aVDenis Ranque has been named chief executive of the state-controlled Thomson-CSF, Europe's largest military electronics company. The appointment, announced Tuesday after a board meeting, underlines the state's interest in picking someone with strength in transnational joint ventures. Mr. Ranque, 46, is currently head of Thomson-Marconi, a joint venture of Thomson-CSF and the GEC Marconi unit of General Electric of Britain.
p325
aVCharles E. Claggett, the former president and chairman of the Gardner Advertising Company, died on Jan. 8 at his home in Vero Beach, Fla. He was 89. Mr. Claggett joined Gardner, a St. Louis advertising agency, as a copywriter in 1931. He stayed with Gardner for 37 years, helping to build it into an international agency with offices in St. Louis, New York, Hollywood and six European cities, and with annual billings of more than $65 million. Mr. Claggett was president of Gardner from 1955 to 1959, and chairman and chief executive from from 1959 until 1968.
p326
aVMicrosoft Compromises, Avoiding Punishment Microsoft agreed to separate its Web browser software from its Windows 95 computer operating system in a last-minute deal with the Justice Department that partly settles its antitrust battle and avoids a possible contempt-of-court citation. With the compromise, Microsoft retreated from its insistence that the browser and Windows were inseparable. [Page A1.] Lincoln-Mercury Heads West Ford said it would move the headquarters of its Lincoln-Mercury division to Southern California, to help it better understand that trend-setting market. The move is the first time that a division of one of the Big Three has left the Detroit area. [D3.]
p327
aVDOUG GEOGA, the president of the Hyatt Hotels Corporation in Chicago, drives a company-leased 1989 Oldsmobile Cutlass and gets a company-paid membership in a no-frills gym. But he receives little else in perquisites. When he stays at a Hyatt, he waits in line to check into his basic guest room -- no Champagne cocktail, no luxurious presidential suite. Mr. Geoga represents a trend that has been submerged from view by the wave of money companies have allowed to wash over their top officers. Corporate perks -- those prestige-dripping dollops of special treatment -- have often been trimmed back from their lavish levels of the 1980's.
p328
asS'199807'
p329
(lp330
VThe General Electric Company's finance arm will buy the consumer finance business of Lake, Japan's fifth-largest consumer lender, as it expands in Japan's $43 billion consumer lending market. Lake makes loans to individuals with poor credit histories at an average annual interest rate of 26 percent -- more than six times the rate on the average Japanese mortgage. The GE Capital Company, which is based in Stamford, Conn., and is the world's largest nonbank finance company, did not say how much it was paying for the lender.
p331
aVThe General Electric Company said today that its second-quarter profit rose 13 percent, driven by record sales at the maker of everything from light bulbs to loans. Net income rose to $2.45 billion, or 74 cents a diluted share, aided by higher profits from its NBC television network and its aircraft engine unit. G.E.'s revenue rose 14 percent, to $25.1 billion.
p332
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C., Britain's largest manufacturer, said yesterday that it had finished reorganizing its business and had an $8 billion war chest to make acquisitions.
p333
aVGemstar International Group Ltd. yesterday rejected a $45-a-share cash takeover bid by United Video Satellite Group Ltd., characterizing it as inadequate. United Video, a company based in Tulsa, Okla., that is controlled by Tele-Communications Inc., provides program guides and other services to media companies. It disclosed the $2.8 billion offer to buy Gemstar, which is based in Pasadena, Calif., on July 6. United Video recently agreed to acquire TV Guide magazine for $2 billion. Separately, the General Electric Company's NBC network unit and Gemstar agreed to develop interactive program guide services. Under the agreement, NBC will acquire a 5 percent stake in TDN, a joint venture of Gemstar and Thomson Consumer Electronics Inc., based in Circleville, Ohio.
p334
aVThe General Electric Company and the German chemical company Bayer A.G. have agreed to form a silicone joint venture that would be Europe's second largest. G.E. will hold a 50.1 percent stake in the business and Bayer a 49.9 percent stake.
p335
aVSell the Eiffel Tower to the Americans? Mayor Jean Tiberi of Paris was as outraged at the idea today as Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York City might be at a suggestion that the Brooklyn Bridge was for sale. ''There is no risk to the ownership of this monument,'' Mr. Tiberi assured fellow Gaullists in a stormy City Council meeting this morning, after conservative renegades trying to unseat him spread the alarm that a subsidiary of GMAC, the financial arm of the General Motors Corporation, was on the verge of acquiring operating rights to the tower.
p336
aVAs Paul McCoy watched a monitor displaying wholesale electricity prices, he could not believe his eyes. Hour after hour, Mr. McCoy, a senior vice president at the Commonwealth Edison Company, the utility that serves Chicago, saw prices surging to levels never seen before, peaking at about 100 times normal. He faced a stark choice: either black out areas of Chicago to conserve power during a severe heat wave, just as storms had knocked out some plants and key transmission lines in the Midwest, or buy extra power at sky-high prices.
p337
aVPeter K. Bloch, a founder and former president of Branson Instruments, a company that developed ultrasound fetal monitoring and a number of other medical and commercial uses for ultrasound, died on Tuesday in New London, N.H. He was 79 and lived in New London. The cause of death was a swelling on the brain believed to be produced by an aneurysm, the family said.
p338
aVTHE conveyor belt deposits a tray holding a half-built computer and a stack of parts in front of Sheila Roby. Wielding an electric screwdriver, Ms. Roby installs the arrayed circuit boards, memory chips and disk drives. Within five minutes, she is ready to snap on the beige cover, emblazoned with a gleaming red Compaq logo. As that machine glides away, it is replaced by another chassis and another package of parts for Ms. Roby to assemble. But this time, the logo on the cover is blue, and it says I.B.M.
p339
aVExecutives at NBC and USA Networks Inc. held exploratory talks earlier this month about a possible merger, but the talks fell through, several executives close to the companies said yesterday. An NBC spokeswoman declined to comment yesterday and USA Networks' chairman, Barry Diller, was out of the country and did not return phone calls.
p340
asS'199806'
p341
(lp342
VThe General Electric Company P.L.C. and Siemens A.G., the two largest electronics companies in Britain and Germany, agreed yesterday to end two British-based telecommunications joint ventures in a transaction worth $:700 million ($1.17 billion) as they concentrate on different ends of the market. Siemens will be paid $:610 million in cash for its 40 percent stake in GPT, which makes telephone network switches. It will also receive General Electric's 50 percent stake, minus one share, in Siemens GEC Communication Systems Ltd., which designs corporate phone networks and video conferencing systems.
p343
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., announced plans to provide the turbines for a $1.5 billion thermal power plant to be built in China by a joint U.S.-Chinese venture. INTERNATIONAL PAPER, Purchase, N.Y., agreed to acquire a majority interest in OAO Svetogorsk, a Russian pulp and paper business, from a Swedish packaging material concern, Tetra Laval. Terms were not disclosed.
p344
aVThis spring, Suguru Takamatsu, one of 814 new employees of the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company, took his destiny into his own hands. Mr. Takamatsu, 25, declined to join the ranks of the Japanese salarymen who rarely think about financing their retirement until their employer hands them a fat check at the age of 60. Instead, he elected to have his retirement benefits, along with other perks the company would normally provide over the course of his career, paid to him directly as he advances at Matsushita.
p345
aVThe CBS Corporation will sell its Westinghouse nuclear and government services operation to a joint venture formed by the Morrison Knudsen Corporation and a British nuclear-fuel processor, the companies said yesterday. For CBS, which changed its name from the Westinghouse Electric Corporation in December, the sale rids the company of the last vestige of its industrial past.
p346
aVIn one of General Motors' sprawling auto parts plants in a Matamoros industrial park just south of the Rio Grande, thousands of Mexican workers earn $1 to $2 an hour producing instrument panels and steering wheels for G.M. cars and trucks. Until just a few years ago, United States workers earning close to $22 an hour at G.M.'s Delphi East factory in Flint, Mich., made the instrument panels. And those at a plant to the north in Saginaw produced the steering wheels.
p347
aVIt is hard for most people, even those who know him, to comprehend the magnitude of Halsey Minor's ambition. But Thomas S. Rogers, the president of NBC's cable and Internet division, got to witness Mr. Minor in the full flush of confidence last Wednesday at Le Cirque 2000 in Manhattan -- a victory lunch to celebrate NBC's acquisition of a controlling stake in Snap, the Internet directory and guide service created by Mr. Minor's company, Cnet.
p348
aVGPA Group P.L.C., an Irish aircraft leasing company, said yesterday that it would seek an outside investor to take a ''significant minority stake'' as it severs a number of ties with the GE Capital Corporation unit of the General Electric Company.
p349
aVGEC Alsthom, the British-French transportation and engineering company, said yesterday that it would offer between 52 percent and 57 percent of its shares in an initial public offering on June 22, which could raise as much as 26.6 billion francs ($4.45 billion).
p350
aVABC confirmed yesterday that it has hired the former Los Angeles Times editor Shelby Coffey 3d as the top deputy of ABC News president David Westin. Mr. Coffey will take on a wide range of editorial responsibilities, including new business and cable programming development and on-line activities for ABC News, said Mr. Westin, who assumed control of the network news division yesterday.
p351
aVCharles Schwab & Company has awarded its consolidated brand advertising account for financial services to BBDO New York, part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group. Billings were estimated at $40 million to $50 million. ''BBDO's consistent track record with building brands like General Electric and Visa convinced us they would be the right partner,'' said Len Short, executive vice president for advertising and brand management at Schwab in San Francisco. The assignments being consolidated at BBDO New York, including sponsorship work, had been handled by several agencies, he added, like Lowe & Partners/SMS in San Francisco, part of the Lowe Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, and Montgomery North in San Francisco, a spinoff of Kirshenbaum Bond & Partners in New York that closed in December.
p352
asS'199805'
p353
(lp354
VThe A. O. Smith Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the General Electric Company's domestic compressor motor business. Terms were not disclosed. Smith, based in Milwaukee, makes electric motors, water heaters, storage tanks, pipe and other products. The G.E. unit makes compressor motors used in residential and commercial air-conditioners and commercial refrigeration equipment, Smith said. Its domestic operation, in Scottsville, Ky., employs 875 people and has annual sales of about $130 million. A. O. Smith's shares gained $1 yesterday, to $46.50.
p355
aVEighteen years after the passage of sweeping legislation to clean up the worst of the nation's toxic waste dumps, much of the job remains undone. American companies will have to spend billions of dollars in coming years to decontaminate the most polluted Superfund sites. But that is not at all obvious from scouring the companies' annual financial reports and filings. Many companies, including General Electric and Viacom, only hint at their obligations in their filings and annual reports, leaving the people who invest in their stocks, live near their properties and work in their factories in the dark about when they plan to make amends -- and how much they expect to spend.
p356
aVLufthansa German Airlines has placed a $225 million order for General Electric Company engines to power eight aircraft. Lufthansa ordered the CF6-80C2 engines for the five Boeing 747-400 jets and three MD-11 freighter aircraft. GE Aircraft Engines, based in this Cincinnati suburb, announced the deal today.
p357
aVThe General Electric Company said today that TFM, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican railroad operator, had ordered 75 locomotives with maintenance contracts in a transaction valued at several hundred million dollars as Mexico makes its railroads private. G.E.'s Transportation Systems unit will deliver 50 locomotives starting this month and the other 25 in 1999, a G.E. spokeswoman, Susan Breon, said. She would not say how much the engines would cost TFM or give a value for the 20-year maintenance contracts.
p358
aVThe Samsung Group, one of South Korea's biggest industrial conglomerates, said on Wednesday that it was in talks to sell some of its units to General Electric and Hewlett-Packard as part of a move to raise $13 billion to repay debt and reduce the sprawling organization to five main businesses. Hewlett-Packard, the world's second-largest computer company, confirmed that it had discussions since February to buy all or part of Samsung's 45 percent in HP Korea, a 14-year-old joint venture that sells computers and printers and makes power-supply devices. Samsung and G.E. have a medical-equipment joint venture in South Korea. G.E. officials here and in the United States declined to comment.
p359
aVMotorola Inc. announced yesterday that it had agreed to scrap its $12.9 billion plan to build a satellite network capable of delivering high-speed data communications anywhere on earth and instead join a rival but equally ambitious project to build an ''Internet in the sky.'' Motorola said it would invest about $750 million in exchange for 26 percent of the project, Teledesic L.L.C., which was founded by Microsoft's chairman, William H. Gates, and Craig O. McCaw, the cellular phone pioneer who sold his company to AT&T in 1993 for $12.6 billion.
p360
aVSPAGHETTI WAREHOUSE INC., Dallas, said its board had unanimously rejected an offer by the closely held Conquest partnership to acquire the restaurant chain for as much as $58 million in cash and debt. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its GE Capital Railcar Services unit had agreed to buy International Wagon Services Ltd., Bromley, England, a rail freight-car operator in Europe, for undisclosed terms.
p361
aVSome monopolies are good -- or at least inevitable. When the Department of Justice and 20 state Attorneys General filed antitrust suits against the Microsoft Corporation yesterday, the issue was not whether the company's industry-dominating Windows software operating system constituted a monopoly. With Windows serving as the command-and-control system for approximately 90 percent of all new personal computers, monopoly power is assumed -- and there is nothing illegal about that.
p362
aV* Kathy Kayse, Midwest advertising manager at Time magazine, Chicago, part of the Time Inc. unit of Time Warner Inc., was named publisher at a sibling magazine, Your Company, New York, succeeding Geoff Dodge, who continues as publisher of the sibling Money magazine.
p363
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financings this week is confined to today's regular weekly auction of three- and six-month bills. By the close of the New York cash market on Friday, traders said, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 5.02 percent and a six-month bill was 5.15 percent.
p364
asS'199804'
p365
(lp366
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its earnings rose 12.5 percent in the first quarter as the company's efforts to cut costs and to find new markets apparently continued to pay off. Net income rose to $1.89 billion, or 57 cents a diluted share, from $1.68 billion, or 50 cents, a year earlier. The results matched analysts' estimates, as 11 of G.E.'s 12 main businesses recorded higher pretax profit, analysts said.
p367
aVElbit Medical Imaging Ltd., an affiliate of Elron Electronic Industries, both of Haifa, Israel, sold its ultrasound division yesterday to GE Medical Systems, a unit of the General Electric Company, for $228 million. Elbit expects a net gain of $103 million from the sale of the unit, its Diasonics Vingmed Ultrasound division. Elron, a high-technology holding company that owns 40 percent of Elbit, expects a gain of about $40 million. Elron owns companies in medical diagnostic imaging, military electronics, communication, semiconductors, networking, software and information technology.
p368
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C. said today that it had agreed to buy Tracor Inc., a United States military electronics and information technology company, for $:800 million ($1.3 billion) and merge it with the North American operations of its G.E.C.-Marconi unit. The announced purchase price includes the assumption of debt. The company, which is based in London, is offering $40 in cash for each of Tracor's shares, which rose $2.9375 each today, to $39.3125, in Nasdaq stock trading. The cash portion of the offer exceeds $1 billion.
p369
aVGEC Alsthom N.V., a joint venture of the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain and Alcatel Alsthom of France, agreed yesterday to acquire Cegelec, Alcatel's engineering and systems division. Terms were not disclosed. Cegelec has annual sales of 3.3 billion European Currency Units ($3.6 billion), or about one-third of GEC Alsthom's annual sales.
p370
aVAlcatel Alsthom S.A. and the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain P.L.C. will get a special dividend of about $1.3 billion from their GEC Alsthom venture before its initial public offering in June, Alcatel said yesterday. The dividend, which will be split between Alcatel, the French telecommunications equipment maker, and General Electric of Britain, the electronics producer, will compensate for investments made since GEC Alsthom was formed in 1989.
p371
aVAfter years of cranking out low-profit heavy-truck tractors through a maze of conveyor belts and robot welders covering more than 100 acres here, North America's largest auto factory has a new product. And it is beginning to earn a fortune for the Ford Motor Company. When Ford sold its heavy-truck business to Daimler-Benz A.G. last year, the company began building Super Duty pickups here instead. The profitable new pickups, which are taller than Michael Jordan, with front seats that are nearly four feet off the ground, have been an instant hit since they went on sale in February. To keep them selling, and the profits rolling, Ford has brought in a thousand workers from unprofitable car factories in Ohio and has just begun operating the factory here around the clock.
p372
aVWhen Franck Riboud was named at a shareholders meeting in 1994 to eventually succeed his father as the head of Danone S.A., France's largest food company, the room rocked with catcalls. Though he had spent 13 years working his way up Danone's corporate ladder, Mr. Riboud had never shaken his reputation for being something of a beach bum after college. Nepotism had won him the job, plain and simple, the critics said. How else, they argued, could he beat out such young, well-connected Danone managers as Henri Giscard d'Estaing, a finance executive and the son of the former French President, Valery Giscard d'Estaing?
p373
aVBARCLAYS CAPITAL, the investment banking unit of Barclays P.L.C., London, named Thomas L. Kalaris chief executive of its Americas operations. EASTMAN KODAK CO., Rochester, named Eric Steenburgh executive vice president and assistant chief operating officer and named its chief operating officer, Carl Kohrt, to the additional post of chief technical officer. The company said the current senior vice president and chief technical officer, James Meyer, plans to retire on Sept 1.
p374
aVCompanies Vow to Drop Support for a Tobacco Deal The chairman of RJR Nabisco, followed by officials of other big tobacco companies, said that his company would no longer work for comprehensive legislation to regulate tobacco and would instead adopt a policy of full-scale advertising and litigation. The industry asserts that legislation approved by the Senate Commerce Committee would drive companies into bankruptcy. The bill would not give the companies the protection they want from lawsuits based on smoking-related illnesses. [Page A1.]
p375
aVStocks Hit Records As I.B.M. Pulls Dow Up Major stock measures hit new highs on the strength of technology, drug, banking and energy shares. The Standard & Poor's 500 and Nasdaq composite finished at record levels for the third consecutive trading day. The Dow Jones industrial average hit a new high, too, rising 43.10 points, to 9,184.94; much of the gain reflected a surge in I.B.M., which rose nearly 8 percent as investors gave a positive appraisal to the company's earnings. [Page D10.]
p376
asS'199809'
p377
(lp378
VElbit Medical Imaging Ltd., a company based in Israel, said yesterday that it would sell pieces of its medical diagnostic imaging business to two buyers for about $375 million in cash. Elbit will sell its computed tomography division to Picker International Inc., a unit of the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain, for $275 million. Picker, based in Cleveland, said it was looking to expand its presence in CT scanning, which lets physicians look at cross sections of internal human anatomy, in several markets around the world. The medical systems unit of the General Electric Company of Fairfield, Conn., will buy Elbit's nuclear medicine and magnetic resonance imaging businesses for about $100 million to bolster its own product lines. The two General Electrics are not related.
p379
aVAmid much hoopla, the General Electric Company introduced a medical scanner yesterday that it says captures images of the inner workings of a patient's body in seconds, not minutes. G.E. expects to sell about 400 of the new CT (for computed tomography) scanners a year, at $1.25 million each -- barely a top-line ripple for a company that had $90.8 billion in revenues last year. But, it is the first G.E. product made with the much ballyhooed Six Sigma process for reducing defects, and at an hourlong news conference in New York, G.E.'s chairman, John F. Welch, positioned it as a huge symbolic stride.
p380
aVGilat Satellite Networks Ltd., an Israeli maker of satellite earth stations, has agreed to buy GE Capital Spacenet Services Inc., a provider of global communications network and services, for $227.5 million in stock. Gilat, a primary provider of products to GE Spacenet, will pay five million newly issued shares. The deal will make GE Spacenet's parent, GE American Communications, Gilat's largest shareholder, with a 30 percent interest. Gilat, based in Petah Tikva, Israel, makes satellite earth stations called very small aperture terminals, or V.S.A.T.'s. GE American Communications is a unit of the General Electric Company. The Spacenet Services unit is based in McLean, Va.
p381
aVA note to shareholders of all medical-device manufacturers: This is only the beginning. Struggling to ratchet up market share, the nation's medical-device makers are out to snap up their weaker brethren at a startling pace.
p382
aVAfter 25 years in retirement, Reddy Kilowatt, the lightning-bolt character that promoted the use of electricity, is making a comeback. The Northern States Power Company is resurrecting Reddy Kilowatt in advertising and direct marketing materials, sharing the spotlight with a recently created sibling, Reddy Flame, which represents the Northern States natural gas operations.
p383
aVThe USWeb Corporation in Santa Clara, Calif., which provides Internet services, said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire CKS Group Inc., an integrated marketing communications agency company in Cupertino, Calif., for stock worth $21.66 a share, or $344.4 million, and will combine the two under the name Reinvent Communications Inc.
p384
aVNo Plans for Coordinated Interest Rate Reductions Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, said there were no plans for a coordinated interest rate reduction by the world's major powers. Investors had been hopeful that President Clinton's call on Monday for a concerted push to contain the fast-spreading economic crisis would lead to quick action to shore up the increasingly embattled economies of Latin America. Talks between Brazil, the International Monetary Fund and the major industrial nations over a multibillion dollar rescue package also ran into difficulties. [Page A1.]
p385
aVSEVERAL agencies and agency companies are making acquisitions. Keroff & Rosenberg, an agency in Chicago with 68 employees and billings estimated at $55 million, is being acquired by Marc USA in Pittsburgh and will be renamed K&R/Marc. Terms were not disclosed.
p386
aVQ. I am part of a small team that creates product marketing materials for our manufacturing company. One member of our team chews up much more than her share of our group budget, overpaying for necessities and wasting money on frills. Should the rest of us keep pinching pennies, even though the quality of the work suffers, or should we spend what we think we need, knowing that it will call down the wrath of the bean counters on the whole team?
p387
aVMANAGEMENT theorists, who have created clunky terms like ''co-opetition,'' are generally not known for their elegance with language. That's not likely to change anytime soon, considering the buzzword now sweeping through corner offices around the country: BHAG's, for ''big, hairy, audacious goals.'' A BHAG (pronounced BEE-hag) is supposed to inspire an organization to reach for a goal it might otherwise think impossible, as when NASA set out to land a man on the moon in the 1960's. In management circles, the notion was refined by Gary Hamel and C. K. Prahalad, who observed in a 1989 article in The Harvard Business Review that companies that emerged as global leaders had invariably begun with outsized ambitions.
p388
asS'199808'
p389
(lp390
VCFM International said yesterday that it had received a $300 million order from Boullioun Aviation Services Inc. for CFM56-7 engines for 30 Boeing Company Boeing-737 aircraft. CFM International is a joint venture between France's state-owned aviation company, Snecma S.A., and the General Electric Company. Boullioun, an aircraft leasing company in Bellevue, Wash., that is a unit of the Sumitomo Trust and Banking Company of Japan, also placed an option for an additional 30 engines. Delivery of the 737's to Boullioun is scheduled between 2001 and 2006.
p391
aVThe General Electric Company agreed today to pay as much as $147 million to settle lawsuits and consumer complaints accusing it of illegally collecting debts from bankrupt credit-card customers, said Fredric L. Ellis, a lawyer representing consumers in the case. G.E. disputed the settlement figure, saying in a statement that it had agreed to pay less than $100 million to debtors who contended the company's finance unit, GE Capital Corporation, failed to properly file consumers' debt-repayment agreements in bankruptcy court. G.E. said it fully reserved for the settlement last year and it will be immaterial to GE Capital's 1998 earnings.
p392
aVHardly a week goes by without a new rumor of an imminent sale or merger involving the CBS Corporation's television business or General Electric's network, NBC. The president of CBS, Mel Karmazin, who announced a partial spinoff of the company's radio and outdoor advertising businesses last week, is looking for ways to lift the share price of CBS in the face of widespread investor pessimism about the future of television. NBC's president, Robert C. Wright, has already said that his company is looking for new revenue opportunities for its programming -- including joint ventures with cable programmers.
p393
aVGE Capital said yesterday that it would acquire the Kemper Reinsurance Company in a deal that will further strengthen its already strong presence in the United States insurance market. GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company of Fairfield, Conn., did not disclose the terms of the deal, but industry sources said it had agreed to pay about $500 million. Kemper Reinsurance, Long Grove, Ill., is a unit of the Kemper Insurance Companies' Lumbermens Mutual Casualty Company.
p394
aVWing Industries, a door maker based in Greenville, Tex., agreed yesterday to buy 80 percent of the Atrium Companies of Dallas for $180 million, expanding its business to include windows. Atrium said its controlling shareholder, Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Inc., had agreed to sell its stake to Wing, which is controlled by the New York investment firm Ardshiel Inc. and GE Investment Private Placement Partners II, a unit of the General Electric Company. The R. G. Darby Company, another building-products concern controlled by GE Investment and Ardshiel, will be combined with Wing and Atrium, creating a company with more than $400 million in revenue.
p395
aVABC has named Patricia Fili-Krushel, the president of the network's daytime division, to the position of president of the ABC Television Network, and increased the duties of that position to include oversight of ABC's news and entertainment divisions. The job will make Mrs. Fili-Krushel, 44, the highest-ranking woman executive in the television business.
p396
aVMilitary industry mergers may be history in the United States, but in Europe they are very much alive. France's decision last week to privatize its aerospace giant, Aerospatiale, shows that the process of sorting out European aviation and military industries is just beginning.
p397
aVThere's a new power in the Internet access business: your utility company. A growing number of electric companies -- once slow-moving, government-regulated monopolies -- are getting into one of the most rapidly changing businesses. At least 100 utility companies offer Internet access, including more than 30 of the nation's biggest electricity providers, and dozens of others may follow suit.
p398
aVThe GE Capital Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the commercial finance division of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. While terms of the deal were not disclosed, the price was estimated at $1 billion. GE Capital, the finance arm of the General Electric Company, is buying the Metlife Capital Corporation, which has 350 employees and made more than $2.2 billion in loans and leases last year.
p399
aVThe financial news television network CNBC was knocked off the air yesterday for nearly an hour and a half because police evacuated its New Jersey headquarters after a bomb threat. In its place, CNBC broadcast the signal from its corporate partner, the general news network MSNBC, both of which are owned by the General Electric Company. Financial information still ran on the bottom of CNBC's screen.
p400
asS'200710'
p401
(lp402
VWHOM CAN SHAREHOLDERS SUE? Shareholders looking for deep pockets to sue in securities fraud cases faced an uphill battle at the Supreme Court. In arguments over a closely watched shareholders' suit, the court appeared strongly inclined to leave it to Congress to define the circumstances under which investment banks, auditors and vendors can be sued in private securities fraud actions. HEDGE FUNDS' NINE LIVES The raucous hedge fund and private equity party of recent years hit a rough patch over the summer, but don't declare these investment vehicles dead. [C1.]
p403
aVKODAK QUITTING OLYMPICS Eastman Kodak will end its century-long Olympic sponsorship after the 2008 Beijing games as the company changes its marketing strategy following losses in 8 of the last 10 quarters.
p404
aVTHE TOLL OF OIL PRICES The economy has begun to sputter, raising concerns among some economists that record-high oil prices may finally begin to take a toll and accelerate the trend to a recession.
p405
asS'200711'
p406
(lp407
VA SCOLDING FROM GERMANY Klaus-Peter Mller. below, president of the German banking association, has criticized American banks for their mortgage-market excesses, which have harmed two German banks and will continue to cause problems for investment portfolios of other European banks. Mr. Mller was just as critical of German banks, including his own, Commerzbank, which invested in securities backed by subprime mortgages. STOCKS DROP AGAIN The stock market declined sharply as worries about mortgage-related losses continued to unsettle the financial markets and investors fled to the safety of Treasuries. [C1.]
p408
asS'199609'
p409
(lp410
VThe struggling Dataflex Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Eastern and Midwestern operations to Ameridata Technologies Inc. for $50 million in cash and assumed liabilities. Dataflex of Edison, N.J., a provider of computer software and services, said the two segments have combined revenue of $175 million. Earlier this year, Dataflex sold its Western regional operations, with revenue of $145 million a year, for an undisclosed amount. The company said that sale would help it to reduce its debt and expand its personal computer repair and support services business. Ameridata is a unit of the General Electric Company's GE Capital Technology Management Services division. Dataflex stock was down 25 cents at $3.875.
p411
aVCanadian Pacific Ltd. said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Marathon Realty and Centrixx Realty Holdings units for $693.3 million. The units will be sold to a newly incorporated company that will be owned equally by Oxford Properties Group Inc. of Toronto and GE Capital of Stamford, Conn., the financial services unit of the General Electric Company. Canadian Pacific, based in Montreal, said Marathon's portfolio comprises about 12 million square feet of office and retail property in Canada. The agreement does not include Marathon's United States retail assets. Oxford is a commercial real estate ownership and management company.
p412
aVThe McDonnell Douglas Corporation said today that it had won an order worth as much as $1.3 billion from Lufthansa for its MD-11 jet, to be used as a cargo aircraft. The order is timely for McDonnell Douglas, which has been struggling to remain competitive with the Boeing Company, the market leader, and Airbus Industrie, the European consortium. Both of those companies announced bigger orders here this week at the Farnborough air show.
p413
aVIt is almost a truism: Technology creates as many problems as it solves. Invent electrical ways to wash dishes, cool homes and run factories, and you'll need complex systems to keep fuses from blowing and utility bills from soaring. Make bigger, faster airplanes, and it becomes a major undertaking to coordinate the navigational instruments with the fuel gauges and the maintenance routines. All of which means big business to Honeywell Inc. One fact that was often overlooked amid the publicity surrounding new orders for the Boeing Company's new 777 jumbo jet this summer: The fancy cockpit displays, the navigation system, the maintenance alerts, all were designed and built by Honeywell.
p414
aVMaybe the expected convergence of television and the Internet is years away. But there is now another sign that it is likely to occur -- namely, the creation of a personalized on-line television viewing guide. The Gist, the first product of Gist Communications Inc. in New York, made its debut last week with Web listings, reviews and articles, as well as television program listings.
p415
aVThe American Express Company is doing just what it said it would to reclaim the glory days of its card business -- but that may not be enough. Two years ago, the company shifted its focus from its pay-as-you-go charge cards, with their lucrative fees, and belatedly showered the public with what clients really wanted: interest-bearing credit cards in a dozen flavors, many of them free.
p416
aVUPN, the fledgling broadcast television network in Los Angeles, has formed an in-house advertising sales division. Perri Stein, 40, becomes senior vice president for advertiser sales and will be based in New York; there will also be regional offices in Chicago and Detroit. Ms. Stein joins UPN after 17 years at NBC, a unit of the General Electric Company, where her most recent position was vice president for news sales.
p417
aVKidder, Peabody & Company has agreed to pay $15 million to settle claims that it took part in a reported securities fraud by the Bonneville Pacific Corporation, an alternative-energy concern. Bonneville filed for bankruptcy-court protection in 1991, owing more than $400 million to investors, creditors and others. The company's court-appointed trustee contended in a 1994 civil lawsuit that top Bonneville executives and the company's professional advisers, which included Kidder, Peabody, conspired to inflate the company's assets and file fraudulent securities statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
p418
aVThe Doubletree Corporation is acquiring Red Lion Hotels Inc. in a cash and stock deal worth about $1 billion, officials of both companies said today. Most Red Lion operations will adopt the Doubletree name once the deal is complete, the companies said.
p419
aVHughes Electronics is in the final stages of negotiations to acquire Panamsat in a deal worth nearly $3 billion that would create the world's second-largest satellite company, people familiar with the talks said yesterday. Under the proposal, which could be announced in 7 to 10 days, Hughes would merge Panamsat with its domestic satellite operations to create a separate, publicly traded company. Only Intelsat, the giant Government-owned satellite consortium, would be larger.
p420
asS'199608'
p421
(lp422
VThe Justice Department's antitrust division sued the General Electric Company in a Federal court in Montana yesterday, charging that the company's licensing agreements thwart competition in the market for servicing medical equipment. At issue is whether hospitals and clinics that have licensed G.E.'s proprietary diagnostic software to service their own G.E.-made CAT scanners and medical devices should be allowed to offer similar diagnostic services to other hospitals. The company said its agreements prohibit customers from using its own software to compete with G.E. The Justice Department seeks a ruling banning any limits. Analysts estimated that domestic service contracts, the only segment affected by the suit, account for a few million dollars of the estimated $3.8 billion in sales of G.E.'s medical equipment in 1996.
p423
aVThe pension fund of the General Electric Company and the Shamrock Group, an investment firm, said that they had invested $30 million in the Latin Communications Group, owner of the Spanish-language El Diario-La Prensa newspaper in New York. G.E. and Shamrock, which is owned by the Roy E. Disney family, bought the majority of a $50 million equity offering by Latin Communications. The closely held media company said it would use the money to acquire Spanish-language media properties in prime United States markets.
p424
aVThe General Electric Capital Corporation agreed to acquire 80 percent of the automobile leasing unit of the Marubeni Corporation of Japan for about $250 million, the companies said yesterday. GE Capital will buy Marubeni's 67 percent stake in Marubeni Car System and the 6 percent share owned by the Orient Corporation, a Japanese consumer credit company. The remaining 7 percent will come from the Yasuda Fire and Marine Insurance Company and the Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Company. Both those companies will maintain 3.5 percent stakes. GE Capital, a financial services company based in Stamford, Conn., is owned by the General Electric Company.
p425
aVFor months, Wall Street has been begging the Westinghouse Electric Corporation to split itself up. Without its sluggish industrial side, the theory goes, Westinghouse, which bought CBS for $5.4 billion last summer and is now spending $4.9 billion for the huge Infinity Broadcasting radio operation, would be a pure media company that could command share prices more than double the $15 or so at which the stock has been mired for several years. Michael H. Jordan, the Westinghouse chief executive who pieced together the odd mix in the first place, now agrees with the Street, and the company is studying ways to engineer such a split. But there is one question Mr. Jordan seems not yet ready to answer: What will happen to the five businesses that make up Westinghouse's $5.5 billion industries and technology group, whose lackluster performance drove Westinghouse into the media camp in the first place?
p426
aVThe GE Capital Corporation announced an agreement yesterday to buy the First Colony Corporation for $1.8 billion in one of the largest deals ever in the life insurance industry. The transaction, which was expected to be completed by the end of the year, enables GE Capital to expand its life insurance and retirement planning business. The deal also gave a sharp boost to the languishing share value of First Colony.
p427
aVShares of the American Re Corporation rose 10 percent following a report that Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company, owner of 64 percent of the reinsurance company, is in talks to sell its stake. Shares of American Re rose $5.125, to $56, on the New York Stock Exchange after The Wall Street Journal, citing people familiar with the situation, reported that units of the General Electric Company and the Munich Reinsurance Company had approached Kohlberg Kravis about selling its stake. Kohlberg Kravis, the biggest buyout firm in the United States, and American Re declined to comment. Munich Reinsurance, the world's largest reinsurer, denied the report.
p428
aVTHERE'S nothing like a chain saw for cutting through paper. But how will it do against toasters and coffee makers? Albert J. Dunlap, the 59-year-old turnaround specialist who has won the sobriquet Chain Saw for his ruthless cost-cutting ways, vows that he can do for the tottering Sunbeam Corporation what he did for the narcoleptic Scott Paper Company. But he prefers a metaphor of renewal, not destruction, to describe his method. ''I'll hit it with a defibrillator,'' he said on a recent afternoon. ''That'll make it revive.''
p429
aVThe IDT Corporation has bought Genie Online Service, a small Internet company that provides electronic discussions and games, from the Yovelle Renaissance Corporation. Terms were not disclosed. The sale comes seven months after Genie's founder, the General Electric Company, sold the service to Yovelle. Genier was one of the first companies to offer Internet services when it was created in 1985. The service had about 20,000 customers in the United States.
p430
aVCompass Group P.L.C. said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the dining and vending food service assets of the Service America Corporation for $119.2 million. The deal is expected to be completed next month.
p431
aVNBC, whose coverage of the 1996 Summer Olympics drew some criticism for the heavy rotation of commercials it broadcast, turns out to have been the biggest advertiser during the Games. According to Competitive Media Reporting, which tracks advertising, commercials for NBC dominated the network's coverage of the Atlanta Games, which began July 19 and ended on Sunday. NBC, which is owned by the General Electric Company, had 552 commercials promoting its news, sports and television programming.
p432
asS'199605'
p433
(lp434
VThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation today reported a wider first-quarter loss, excluding gains and charges, mainly as a result of costs related to its $5.4 billion acquisition of CBS Inc. The broadcasting and industrial company said its loss from continuing operations widened to $116 million, from $9 million in the quarter a year earlier. Westinghouse said interest expenses and amortization related to its purchase of CBS in November totaled about $90 million in the quarter.
p435
aVThe General Electric Company has won a contract to supply two nuclear reactors and related equipment for Taiwan's fourth nuclear power plant with a bid of $1.8 billion, the state-run Taiwan Power Company said today. Liu Hung-chi, a deputy director of Taiwan Power, said the G.E. bid on Saturday was "lower than our base price."
p436
aVThe Electric Boat unit of the General Dynamics Corporation said today that it would lay off 2,000 workers in Connecticut over the next four months, expanding planned cutbacks as submarine work continues to shrink. The maker of the Seawolf submarine said 600 workers would be dismissed next week and the rest would go by August. The company had previously said it would lay off 1,500 workers in Connecticut as part of a plan to cut 3,200 jobs this year.
p437
aVQuick. Who has the most airplanes in today's crowded skies? Not United. Not American. Not British Airways, either. The winner is the General Electric Company.
p438
aVThe General Electric Company's Capital Services unit agreed yesterday to buy Ameridata Technologies Inc. for $490 million to expand its computer equipment leasing and consulting business. The purchase will double to $3 billion the annual revenue of G.E.'s Technology Management Services, which specializes in buying, setting up and managing corporate computers.
p439
aVThe General Electric Company said today that its GE Nuclear Energy unit had received a $1.8 billion contract for a nuclear power plant from the Taiwan Power Company. GE Nuclear will supply the design, equipment and nuclear fuel for the project, at Yenliao, Taiwan, which is the fourth nuclear power plant in that country.
p440
aVFacing increasing competition at home, two leading United States power companies joined the rush to expand abroad yesterday as the General Public Utilities Corporation, which serves two million customers in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, joined with Cinergy, a major Midwest utility, in an agreement to acquire a big British energy distributor for about $2.6 billion. At a news conference in London, top executives of the American utilities emphasized that the electricity rates they charge their domestic customers would not be affected by the deal to acquire Midlands Electricity P.L.C., one of 12 regional transmission companies in Britain, which have become hot takeover targets in the last year.
p441
aVThe General Electric Company and the United Technologies Corporation, rival engine makers, are cooperating to develop an engine for a new model of the Boeing 747. Ownership of the as-yet-unnamed joint venture will be split 50-50 between G.E.'s Aircraft Engines division, which is based here, and United Technologies' Pratt & Whitney division, based in East Hartford, Conn.
p442
aVThe Esco Electronics Corporation of St. Louis, a maker of military and commercial systems, said yesterday that it would sell its Hazeltine Corporation subsidiary to the GEC-Marconi Electronic Systems Corporation for $110 million in cash. Hazeltine, which makes advanced military electronic systems, had sales of about $114 million in its latest fiscal year and about $55 million for the first half of the current fiscal year. GEC-Marconi, based in Wayne, N.J., is a unit of the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain.
p443
aVNBC agreed yesterday to acquire two television stations, in San Diego and in Birmingham, Ala., from New World Communications Group Inc. for $425 million. NBC, which is owned by the General Electric Company, will buy KNSD in San Diego and WVTM in Birmingham, both of which are NBC network affiliates. In addition to the $425 million, NBC will provide an undisclosed amount of working capital. After the sale, New World, which is based in Atlanta, will operate 10 television stations, all of which will be affiliated with the News Corporation's Fox network. New World expects pretax earnings of about $225 million from the sale. Its shares rose 68.75 cents yesterday, to $17.4375, in Nasdaq trading.
p444
asS'196510'
p445
(lp446
sS'199607'
p447
(lp448
VThe General Electric Company reported an 11 percent increase in profits in the second quarter yesterday, helped by strong profits from its finance arm, and beating analysts' expectations.
p449
aVThe General Electric Company of Britain, a military and engineering giant, reported yesterday that it had a 10 percent rise in profit in the year ended March 31. (The company is not connected with G.E. of the United States.) The company's pretax profits rose by 10 percent, to L981 million ($1.53 billion). The annual dividend was raised 10 percent to 12.51 pence (19.46 cents) a share. (Reuters)
p450
aVGE Capital Services, part of the General Electric Company, signed an agreement yesterday to buy Compunet Computer A.G., a German provider of computer services. G.E. did not disclose the price. Compunet, which employs 1,850 people, had sales of $1 billion in 1995. The company, which is closely held, specializes in helping large corporations make their computer systems work together. It is based in Kerpen, Germany, near the Belgian border.
p451
aVThe Boeing Company and the General Electric Company said yesterday that they had formed a joint venture to turn one of Boeing's most popular commercial airplanes into a line of business jets. The new company, called Boeing Business Jets, will modify Boeing's 737-700, doubling its range so it can fly from New York to Tokyo. Analysts say the venture will give Boeing low-cost access to the business jet market, now dominated by Bombardier Inc. and the Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. Boeing will be the controlling partner in the venture, which will be based in Seattle, Boeing's hometown. Financial terms of the venture were not disclosed. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., will be the first customer for the jet. G.E. is a co-owner of CFM International, which makes engines for the Boeing 737.
p452
aVThe British Ministry of Defense said yesterday that it had awarded British companies L3.5 billion ($5.4 billion) worth of contracts to upgrade aircraft and supply two new classes of missiles, shutting out United States weapons makers. British Aerospace P.L.C. and the General Electric Company P.L.C. walked away with the bulk of the contracts. Trade Secretary Ian Lang heralded the orders as a boost to the British manufacturing industry that will sustain about 5,000 jobs.
p453
aVContinuing a spending spree for commercial aircraft, the General Electric Company's aircraft leasing business said yesterday that it would buy more than $2.5 billion worth of planes from Airbus Industrie.
p454
aVThe Enron Corporation, the nation's largest natural gas supplier, said today that it would buy the Portland General Corporation, Oregon's largest power provider, for $2.1 billion and the assumption of $1.1 billion in debt. Electric utilities like Portland General have been seeking merger partners rapidly as officials envision a future in which the business moves from regulated monopoly status to competition like that in the market for long-distance calling.
p455
aVGE Capital Services, based in Stamford, Conn., will buy Universal Data Consultants Inc., a supplier of computer network services with $50 million in revenue, the company said yesterday. Terms were not disclosed. GE Capital Services, a unit of the General Electric Company, provides financing, insurance and consumer services to businesses and individuals. It will fold Atlanta-based Universal Data into its technology management services unit.
p456
aVNorthwest Airlines and Continental Airlines reported strong double-digit increases in second-quarter earnings yesterday, saying they were seating more passengers and cutting costs, as are many other carriers in what has generally been a good quarter for the industry. Northwest, the nation's fourth-largest passenger airline, based in the Minneapolis suburb of Eagan, Minn., reported earnings were up 94 percent on stronger traffic, lower interest costs and higher-than-expected revenues from Pacific operations.
p457
aVPerhaps belying some recent worries that corporate spending on information technology might be slowing, Computer Associates International Inc., which supplies software to medium-sized and large businesses, reported strong results yesterday for its fiscal first quarter. The announcement yesterday morning, after a surprisingly robust earnings report from the Intel Corporation late in the day on Tuesday, was good news for beleaguered technology investors. And it helped set the tone for the broad rebound yesterday in technology stocks, which had been plummeting for several days on concerns about a possible slowdown in business for these companies.
p458
asS'199606'
p459
(lp460
VSiemens A.G. said yesterday that it might form a joint venture with the General Motors Corporation to design and build diesel-electric locomotives. Wolfram Martinsen, president of the Siemens transportation systems group, and William Happel, general manager of the General Motors Electro-Motive division, have signed a letter of intent to study the venture, expected to be established in early 1997. The two have already cooperated to introduce heavy-haul freight locomotives in North America and won the world's largest locomotive order, worth $1 billion, in January 1994.
p461
aVMEDITRUST INC., Needham Heights, Mass., a health care real estate investment trust, agreed to buy a 20 percent stake in Nursing Home Properties P.L.C., a British nursing home company, for $20 million.
p462
aVTwo companies have named Softbank Interactive Marketing in New York to handle interactive advertising accounts.
p463
aVWith a deadline of 11:30 A.M. today for bids for the MGM/UA Entertainment Company, some companies were still deciding yesterday whether to jump into the fray. A winner could be announced as early as this week but perhaps not for a month, people familiar with the talks said. Lazard Freres & Company, the investment banking firm, is handling the sale of MGM. The winning bidder will be determined by Consortium de Realisation, an arm of the French Government. MGM is owned by Credit Lyonnais.
p464
aVAbashed by criticism of their plan to produce a series of television profiles of American corporations with those companies, executives of the History Channel decided yesterday to scuttle the project. The History Channel, one of the fastest-growing new cable channels, had envisioned that the series, "The Spirit of Enterprise," would take an inside look at major American companies by using corporate archives and cooperation. The companies would have underwritten production costs and bought advertising time, and each company would have been given editorial control over the content of its profile.
p465
aVThe insurance industry moved toward further consolidation yesterday as a major life insurance company said it was considering a sale and a large Bermuda-based reinsurance broker bid nearly $1 billion to buy one of its competitors. The life insurance company, the First Colony Corporation, issued a statement yesterday that said its board was considering a number of alternatives aimed at increasing its stock price.
p466
aVIn a move aimed at consolidating their control over the Warner Music Group, the co-chairmen, Bob Daly and Terry Semel, are relocating several crucial executives to Los Angeles, where Mr. Daly and Mr. Semel are based. As part of the shift, Warner Music executives, who insisted on anonymity, acknowledged yesterday that about 20 members of the corporate staff of about 70 people would either be laid off, moved to Los Angeles or moved within the company.
p467
aVTele-Communications Inc., the nation's largest cable operator, said yesterday that it would spin off TCI Satellite Entertainment Inc., its direct-to-home satellite business, into a separately traded company. Tele-Communications' current shareholders will own shares in the new company in the same proportion as their current stakes in Tele-Communications.
p468
aVAs a free agent, the basketball star Shaquille O'Neal may or may not play for the Orlando Magic next year. It will cost the Florida team millions to sign him, rival teams millions to woo him away -- and the summertime negotiations are just under way. But in cyberspace, Mr. O'Neal plans to announce today that he is moving, from the Microsoft Network to Sportsline USA Inc., a sports service on the World Wide Web.
p469
aVWhat a difference a few months make. When they agreed to merge this spring, Bell Atlantic and Nynex pointedly passed up an opportunity to announce the elimination of 3,000 "overlapped" jobs. New markets would open for the merged company, they insisted, saving the workers from layoffs. "We think we will create enough new jobs to redeploy most of those 3,000 people," said Ivan G. Seidenberg, Nynex's chairman. The emphasis -- and even the buzzwords -- are shifting. The rhetorical trumpeting of layoffs, as if they were a badge of honor, is disappearing. The negative publicity that descended on AT&T after it announced in January that it would eliminate 40,000 jobs was a turning point. Now, companies are choosing to highlight the potential for new hires down the road. Announcements are increasingly in the style of Bell Atlantic and Nynex, with their focus on growth to save jobs, and only a footnote-like nod of acknowledgment that the 3,000 workers might be laid off if the growth fails to materialize.
p470
asS'199601'
p471
(lp472
VLed by its NBC broadcasting network and its finance and plastics divisions, the General Electric Company yesterday reported stronger earnings for the fourth quarter. Net income rose to $1.865 billion, or $1.12 a share, from $768 million, or 45 cents a share, in the 1994 quarter. Earnings then were held down by the sale of General Electric's Kidder, Peabody brokerage operations -- for which it took a charge of $868 million -- and another smaller charge.
p473
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had sold its struggling Genie computer on-line service to the Yovelle Renaissance Corporation, a closely held company in Queens. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Genie, which is 10 years old, fell behind larger rivals, including America Online and Compuserve, in the increasingly competitive on-line and Internet markets. Analysts have said that G.E. largely ignored Genie, failing to spend enough money to make the service known among consumers. G.E. said it sold Genie because it did not fit with the core business of the company's information services unit, which focuses on serving corporate customers.
p474
aVRevising a statement earlier in the week, Electric Boat said yesterday that it would cut about 3,200 jobs this year, or more than 20 percent of its work force, because of a sharp decline in submarine orders. The job cuts will include about 700 layoffs at the company's plant in North Kingstown, R.I., which were not included in a statement made Thursday, which said 1,500 people would be laid off companywide. Total employment at Electric Boat, a division of General Dynamics, now stands at about 13,900.
p475
aVElectric Boat, which has been steadily reducing its work force because of a decline in submarine orders, said yesterday that it will lay off 1,500 employees this year, most of them by the end of September. Electric Boat, a unit of General Dynamics, employs about 14,000 at its shipyard in Groton, Conn., and its plant in North Kingstown, R.I. The submarine builder currently has a backlog of only five craft, with two scheduled to be delivered to the Navy this year. Electric Boat has said it plans to reduce its work force to 7,000 by the end of 1998. Jobs are also being eliminated through attrition, including retirements, the company said.
p476
aVActing on a view that global aircraft demand is set to rebound, the General Electric Company's aircraft leasing business announced yesterday that it intended to buy more than $4 billion worth of jetliners from the Boeing Company. Under the agreement, which was announced jointly by GE Capital Aviation Services and Boeing, General Electric has placed firm orders for five of Boeing's newly introduced 777 twin-engine jets and for 102 Boeing 737 jetliners. General Electric also obtained options for 76 additional 737's. The firm orders include 82 of the next generation of Boeing 737's now under development.
p477
aVWHEN the General Motors Corporation announced earlier this month that it would be the first of the Big Three auto makers to market electric cars in four Western cities, the stock prices of eight companies whose primary business is electric cars rose sharply. But that does not mean that this is necessarily the time to buy them. One beneficiary is Energy Conversion Devices Inc. of Troy, Mich., which has a joint venture with G.M. to produce an advanced battery for the new car. The nickel hydride battery is made of environmentally safe materials and holds a charge longer than conventional lead acid batteries.
p478
aVPhilippines Airlines has placed a $700 million order for engines made by the General Electric Company and from CFM International, a partnership of G.E. and Snecma of France, the company said yesterday. The engines would power new aircraft ordered from Boeing and Airbus Industrie. Delivery of the aircraft will begin during the second quarter of 1997, G.E. said. (AP)
p479
aVPetro-Canada, the country's third-largest oil and gas producer, said yesterday that it had sold its personal credit-card business to GE Capital Canada for $110 million (Canadian), or $80.6 million (United States). Petro-Canada, based in Calgary, Alberta, said it would retain its commercial credit-card business. The company said that the sale of the personal-card business would eliminate 60 jobs but employees "will be given preferential consideration for employment opportunities with GE Capital Canada," Petro-Canada said. GE Capital Canada is a unit of GE Capital Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of the General Electric Company, based in Fairfield, Conn.
p480
aVIn a further step to sharpen its business focus as well as to reduce debt incurred in its $5.4 billion acquisition of CBS Inc., the Westinghouse Electric Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its military and electronics systems businesses to the Northrop Grumman Corporation for $3 billion in cash. The announcement closely follows Westinghouse's sale on Dec. 21 of the Knoll Group, its office-furnishings unit, to Warburg Pincus Ventures L.P. for $565 million. Proceeds from the two sales will enable the company to repay more than 65 percent of the debt incurred from the purchase of CBS.
p481
aVIn an unusual direct attack on a competitor, Fortune charged in a cover story today that some large advertisers in Forbes magazine had been "exempt from tough editorial criticism." The article said General Motors, Ford Motor, Rockwell International, General Electric and the insurer American International Group were among the advertisers enjoying favorable treatment.
p482
asS'199603'
p483
(lp484
VThe General Electric Company plans to cut its salaried work force by about 100 employees, company officials have announced. The cuts, at G.E.'s Power Systems division in Schenectady, come just three months after the elimination of 390 jobs there.
p485
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., chairman and chief executive of the General Electric Company, received $10.6 million in salary, bonus and stock-appreciation rights last year, placing him among the highest-paid chief executives in the United States. Mr. Welch's salary rose 8.1 percent, to $2 million, from $1.85 million in 1994. His bonus soared 30 percent, to $3.25 million, from $2.5 million the year before, according to G.E.'s annual proxy statement to shareholders.
p486
aVThe General Public Utilities Corporation said yesterday that it would consolidate three of its operations into one management team in a cost-cutting move. The move will affect Jersey Central Power and Light, based in Morristown, N.J.; the GPU Service Corporation in Parsippany, N.J., and Metropolitan Edison and Pennsylvania Electric, which merged last year in Reading, Pa. The company's chairman, James R. Leva, said he expected a loss of 300 to 400 jobs. A spokesman said a large part of the cuts would be from management.
p487
aVELECTRIC cars produced by a brand-name auto company, complete with warranty and dealer service, are just a few months away. But the EV1, the two-seater from the General Motors Corporation, will cost roughly $35,000, almost as much as a Corvette and a little more than two Saturns. At that price, who is going to want one? Probably not someone who is comparing it to the Corvette or the Saturns, according to G.M.'s Saturn division, which will sell them. There is no car to compare it to, contended John J. Orth, director of consumer marketing at Saturn. "It's just a totally new category," he said.
p488
aVRolls-Royce P.L.C. and the General Electric Company said today that they would work together to develop an engine to compete in a program to build a new military strike aircraft for both the United States and Britain. The engine contracts alone for the new jets could total $90 billion.
p489
aVRolls-Royce P.L.C. and the General Electric Company are expected to announce on Monday the formation of an alliance seeking to supply the United States military with jet engines for a new generation of strike aircraft. The aircraft, which are to have vertical take-off capabilities, are designed to perform like Britain's Hawker-Siddeley Harrier "jump jets," which are powered by the Rolls-Royce Pegasus engine.
p490
aVMetro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. was put up for auction yesterday, with bids expected from around the world for the resuscitated entertainment company. MGM's owner, Credit Lyonnais, which invested about $2.5 billion in the company, hired Lazard Freres, the investment bankers, last November to study a sale. Published lists of potential bidders include Chargeurs S.A. of France, Polygram N.V. of the Netherlands, Bertelsmann A.G. of Germany, the Walt Disney Company, the General Electric Company and New Regency Productions. Bank and studio officials would not say what price MGM might fetch, but estimates ranged from $1.5 billion to $2 billion. Frank Mancuso, a onetime Paramount Pictures studio chief who transformed MGM into a box office contender over the last three years, also has an option to put together a bid. MGM took in $333 million last year on 15 releases, for a 6.3 percent share of the domestic box office.
p491
aVSeeking to better harness the knowledge of its employees worldwide, the General Motors Corporation will likely appoint a senior-level chief learning officer to coordinate the spread of information around the company's vast holdings, a executive said in a speech late Sunday. Harry J. Pearce, vice chairman and an executive vice president of the giant auto maker, also said that General Motors might add a foreign-born director to its board in an attempt to gain perspective on world markets. "We have been looking worldwide for appropriate candidates for the past year," Mr. Pearce said at a meeting of the America-Israel Chamber of Commerce of Michigan in Troy.
p492
aNaVCompuserve Inc. disclosed plans yesterday for a proprietary service aimed at families and novice computer users. In offering such a service, Compuserve is going against the tide of the consumer on-line industry, which has moved toward an open approach within the Internet.
p493
asS'198809'
p494
(lp495
VLEAD: Next Monday Doremus & Company will break its first advertising campaign for G.E.'s aircraft engines operation, which in 18 years has become one of the major producers of commercial engines. The ad theme is ''Keeping the Promise.''
p496
aVLEAD: The General Electric Capital Corporation will get 15 percent of the stock in the New World Entertainment Corporation in return for an $80 million loan aimed at helping the movie and television company service its heavy long-term debt, the companies announced today.
p497
aVLEAD: A group of senior managers of the KDI Corporation is negotiating a buyout of the Cincinnati-based company. KDI makes electric and electronic components, swimming pools, industrial chemicals and gases and other products.
p498
aVLEAD: The tax and accounting practices of the Oglethorpe Power Corporation, an Atlanta-based electric cooperative, are the focus of a long-running criminal investigation, the Government official leading the inquiry said yesterday.
p499
aVLEAD: Rolls-Royce P.L.C. said it had received a $1.69 billion order from American Airlines to provide engines for the airline's Boeing 757 fleet. Rolls-Royce said the order was one of the biggest airline engine contracts in history.
p500
aVLEAD: * Boeing Co. Seattle, announced that Gulf Air, the multinational Middle East air carrier, had ordered four more 767-300 long-range jetliners.
p501
aVLEAD: * Chock Full o'Nuts Corp. said it would acquire Jimbo's Jumbos Inc., a privately held processor and packager of peanuts, for $31.5 million.
p502
aVLEAD: The Government Friday identified 10 electric cooperatives with ties to the Chicago accounting firm of Arthur Andersen & Company that are being studied by the Internal Revenue Service and the Rural Electrification Administration.
p503
aVLEAD: The Nuclear Regulatory Commission yesterday removed one major obstacle to giving a test permit to the Seabrook nuclear power plant in New Hampshire, but reluctantly agreed with opponents of the plant on another issue.
p504
aVLEAD: The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said yesterday that the Seabrook nuclear plant could not conduct low-power tests until its principal owner, which has filed for bankruptcy protection, could demonstrate its ability to pay for decommissioning the plant if no operating license was granted.
p505
asS'197512'
p506
(lp507
sS'197511'
p508
(lp509
sS'197510'
p510
(lp511
sS'200709'
p512
(lp513
VAT&T AND VERIZON WIN EXEMPTIONS AT&T and Verizon Communications can each merge their local and long-distance telephone operations with fewer government restrictions than some rivals wanted, the Federal Communications Commission said yesterday. In a order posted on its Web site, the F.C.C. exempted the two companies from price caps and other so-called dominant-carrier rules on long-distance service.
p514
aVThe Bugs in Virgin's Cabin There are a few kinks to work out of the vaunted in-flight entertainment system of Virgin America, the low-cost domestic airline that was introduced to great acclaim last month.
p515
asS'200708'
p516
(lp517
VF.D.A. REJECTS WYETH DRUG Wyeth's new schizophrenia drug was rejected by the Food and Drug Administration because it was not shown to be effective. Shares of Wyeth and its partner, Solvay of Belgium, dropped. Wyeth said the F.D.A. needed more data showing that the medicine, bifeprunox, works before the agency would consider approval. The F.D.A. also requested information on a patient who died while taking the drug. The drug does not cause weight gain, a safety concern with other schizophrenia remedies, but studies have also shown it is less effective than Zyprexa from Eli Lilly and Risperdal from Johnson & Johnson. ''Bifeprunox didn't work as well as Risperdal and Zyprexa in studies, and I can't see much reason to use this drug once generics of the others are available,'' said Michael Krensavage, an analyst with Raymond James in New York. Cheaper copies of Risperdal will be available next year, followed by generic Zyprexa in 2011. Shares of Wyeth, based in Madison, N.J., dropped $2.99, closing at $46.59. (BLOOMBERG NEWS)
p518
asS'200707'
p519
(lp520
VACCOUNTING INQUIRY AT G.E. General Electric has terminated the employment of some workers at its rail unit after finding that they intentionally booked revenues for locomotive sales earlier than they should have, the company said. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, G.E. said it discovered the improprieties after the S.E.C. requested information about transactions at the rail unit between 2000 and 2003. ''Revenues had been inappropriately accelerated so that they were recognized in the fourth quarter of each of the years 2000 through 2003 rather than in the first quarter of the following year,'' the company said in the filing. A G.E. spokesman, Russell Wilkerson, said that ''a few'' employees had been involved in the problem, but declined to provide a precise figure. (REUTERS) JUDGE ALLOWS LASALLE BANK SALE
p521
aVGeneral Electric called in reporters yesterday for a briefing on a nuclear plant it is trying to sell in partnership with Hitachi, a plant it said can be built faster than before, operated reliably and have a vanishingly small chance of an accident. But what will it cost? After some hemming and hawing, company executives gave figures by the standard industry metric, dollars per kilowatt of capacity, but in a huge range: $2,000 to $3,000.
p522
aVWHILE individual Americans debate the merits of globalization, corporate America has already moved overseas, with dramatic financial results. United Technologies is a case in point. Fully 60 percent of its total sales are either made in the U.S.A. and exported, or made and sold offshore. It exports Pratt & Whitney engines and Sikorsky helicopters, mostly from Connecticut. And its Otis elevator and Carrier air-conditioning subsidiaries have carved out leading positions in emerging markets like China, where the two divisions assemble most of their products.
p523
aVElectronic Data Systems named Ronald A. Rittenmeyer, its president and chief operating officer, to succeed Michael H. Jordan as chief executive on Sept. 1. Mr. Rittenmeyer, 60, will keep the post of president and was named to the company's board, the company announced Thursday. Mr. Jordan will remain as chairman.
p524
aVQUARTERLY REPORTS Earnings season begins in earnest with the second-quarter report of Alcoa on Monday. Other earnings: Chevron and Pepsi Bottling, on Tuesday; Genentech and Yum Brands on Wednesday; Marriott and Nordstrom, on Thursday; and General Electric, on Friday. ECONOMIC DATA A snapshot of the retailing sector emerges with reports on same-store sales for June (Thursday) and the government's report on retail sales for June (Friday). Other reports: May consumer credit (Monday); May wholesale trade (Tuesday); the trade deficit for May (Thursday); and May business inventories, June import prices and the Reuters/University of Michigan consumer sentiment index (Friday).
p525
asS'200706'
p526
(lp527
VThe upfront market for the 2007-8 television season is getting under way with a large deal between the NBC Universal division of the General Electric Company and the media agencies owned by the WPP Group. The agreement, disclosed yesterday, is valued at $800 million to $900 million in commercial time and includes the NBC and Telemundo broadcast TV networks as well as cable networks like Bravo, Sci-Fi and USA.
p528
aVFIGHTING RISKY LOANS A case in Illinois raises issues about what lawmakers and regulators can do when trying to keep consumers from entering into risky and expensive mortgage loans. [Page A1.] APPLE TAKES ON MICROSOFT Apple, showing its willingness to compete with Microsoft's desktop computing monopoly, is making its Safari Web browser available for Windows-based PCs. Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, said Safari would outperform Microsoft's browser, Internet Explorer. Wall Street, however, was unimpressed. [C3.] QUESTIONING YAHOO The last 18 months have not been easy for Yahoo, which holds its annual meeting today. Now some shareholders are questioning the salary of its chief executive, Terry S. Semel. [C1.] A LESSON IN CANCER CARE Two years ago, the federal government made an effort to reduce to reduce Medicare payments to doctors for certain procedures. Those payments fell, but Medicare costs for cancer treatment rose over all, proving how hard it may be to control health care spending without changing the way doctors are paid. [C1.] A RUSSIAN BET ON NUCLEAR POWER Russia is wagering that the world is on the verge of a boom in construction of nuclear power plants, which it intends to build in smaller countries that are trying to end their dependence on fossil fuels. [C1.] PLIGHT OF A URANIUM PROCESSOR The only company in the United States that enriches uranium is struggling to survive, worrying specialists that its failure would leave Russia as the world's major uranium processor. [C4.] NICE PAYDAY IF YOU CAN GET IT Financial data in a filing shows that the two co-founders of the Blackstone Group, the private equity firm, will earn $2.33 billion and keep 28 percent of the company after an initial public offering. Both earned hundreds of millions in salary in 2006. [C1.] NOT A GOOD DAY FOR FLYING When an air traffic control computer failed in Atlanta last Friday, the ripple effect delayed flights up and down the East Coast. On the Road: Joe Sharkey. [C1.] AN EFFORT TO BREAK OIL'S GRIP In the wake of its failure on immigration reform, Congress is embarking on another controversial subject: reducing America's seemingly endless desire for oil. The effort is sparking a lobbying battle involving car and oil companies, electric utilities, coal producers and corn farmers. [A14.] RULING AGAINST NURSES AIDES The Supreme Court has ruled that a home-care aide from Queens -- and the nation's 1.4 million other home-care aides -- are exempt from federal minimum wage and overtime protections. [B3.] WAS IT THE VACCINATIONS? Arguments have begun in the first of several test cases that may help decide whether the government should pay millions of dollars to parents of autistic children who are claiming the shots caused their children's illness. [A21.] MAKEOVERS FOR RADIO STATIONS American radio corporations are working to halt the flow of listeners to iPods, podcasts and other sources for entertainment by trying to merge their over-the-air music and D.J. chatter with the Web while adding online streams of their broadcasts and features already found on many independent Web-based stations. [E1.] SCARED OF A LITTLE TURBULENCE? Don't be. While it can be disconcerting, airliners are built to withstand it and the chief cause of injuries in bad turbulence is from passengers failing to fasten their seatbelts. [C10.] A PHILATELIST SELLS William H. Gross, the bond investor and chief investment officer of Pimco, auctioned his collection of 19th- and early 20th-century British stamps in New York for $9.1 million, donating the proceeds to Doctors Without Borders. [C2.] DRUG MAKER PLEADS GUILTY The drug maker Bristol-Myers Squibb has pleaded guilty to making false statements to a federal agency, ending an unusual criminal case involving its blockbuster blood-thinning drug Plavix. [C3.] QUITTING EADS Jean-Paul Gut, below, the chief operating officer of EADS, the parent of the European airline company Airbus, has resigned over what he referred to as disagreements over policy and strategy. The departure adds more upheaval in EADS top management one week before the Paris air show. EADS has endured criticism about production delays at Airbus and severance payments to its departing co-chief executive amid an insider-trading investigation. [C2.] INSURER SUED OVER KATRINA CLAIMS Jim Hood, Mississippi's attorney general, has sued State Farm Fire and Casualty, saying the company failed to honor an agreement for a mass settlement of claims over Hurricane Katrina damage. [C2.] QWEST CHIEF RESIGNING In an announcement that surprised analysts, Richard C. Notebaert said that he planned to resign as chief executive and chairman of Qwest Communications, which he brought back from an accounting scandal and the verge of bankruptcy. [C3.] ONLINE Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. THE SUPREME COURT ruled unanimously that Philip Morris could not move a lawsuit by cigarette smokers into federal court. The decision came in a case filed by consumers in state court in Arkansas. (AP) HENRY H. MCVEY, Morgan Stanley's chief United States investment strategist, is joining the hedge fund Fortress Investment, the latest departure of a stock specialist from a major firm to a younger one. (AP)
p529
aVLET'S try to get this straight: NBC Universal, which is part of General Electric, was until last Thursday taking a hard look at buying Dow Jones in partnership with Pearson, publisher of The Financial Times. Another potential partner in the deal was the Hearst Corporation, which owns Smart Money magazine in conjunction with Dow Jones and some cable channels with NBC. The News Corporation, meanwhile, whose $5 billion offer to buy Dow Jones prompted the others to look at a rival bid, has also been talking about another possibility: merging its MySpace social networking business into Yahoo, according to two people briefed on the talks. Elsewhere, the News Corporation and NBC Universal are partners in an unnamed new Internet video venture. Confused?
p530
aVBLACKSTONE SETS ITS PRICE The Blackstone Group set the price of its eagerly awaited initial public offering at $31 a unit, at the top of its range, raising $4.13 billion. But its archrival in the world of private equity, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, is planning an initial offering of its own, people briefed on the matter said. NO BID FROM G.E. AND PEARSONGeneral Electric Company and Pearson, the British publisher, have decided not to make an offer for Dow Jones & Company, owner of The Wall Street Journal, leaving Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation as the only bidder for Dow Jones. [C1.]
p531
aVTHE LEAR CORPORATION, an auto parts supplier, announced it had delayed its annual meeting amid criticism of a $2.8 billion takeover offer by an affiliate of the billionaire investor activist Carl C. Icahn, left. The meeting, originally set for Wednesday, will take place July 12 in Wilmington, Del., to give investors more time to evaluate Lear's response to criticism of the deal. Lear, based in Southfield, Mich., has agreed to the $36-per-share offer from American Real Estate Partners made in February, but some shareholders say the price is too low. (AP) VISA, THE CREDIT CARD NETWORK, took its first official step toward becoming a public company, filing a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, The statement, which had few financial details, said Visa would float 51 percent of the company in an initial public offering later this year. That means about half its 775 million shares outstanding -- now owned by the network's member banks -- would be sold to the public. After the S.E.C. declares the registration statement effective, Visa said it would begin the process of securing member approval. (AP)
p532
asS'200705'
p533
(lp534
VThe General Electric Company said today that it had paid 126.3 billion yen or $1.05 billion for the Japanese leasing company Sanyo Electric Credit Company. G.E. paid 3,250 yen a share for 97 percent of Sanyo Credit's stock, the company said in a statement. The company bought the shares from Sanyo Electric and two Goldman Sachs units. G.E. is focusing on lending to companies after the Japanese government tightened consumer credit rules.
p535
aVDeath may still be certain, but taxes are something else entirely. Disclosures are now appearing in quarterly reports from American public companies, showing that companies are betting billions on tax breaks that may not work out.
p536
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week included today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills tomorrow. At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 4.80 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 4.96 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 4.75 percent.
p537
aVStocks edged lower yesterday as an upbeat report on business conditions in the mid-Atlantic region, coupled with data suggesting strength in the job market, signaled a reduced chance of interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve. Shares of companies sensitive to higher interest rates, like banks, declined. But energy shares rose and led advancers in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index after oil prices rose more than $2 a barrel.
p538
aVCHINA'S PERCEPTION PROBLEM -- After a highly publicized pet food recall that involved tainted Chinese ingredients, China is coming under international pressure to prove that its exported products are safe. The question worrying Chinese officials is how to assure that ''Made in China'' means well made. [Page C1.] WOLFOWITZ RESIGNS -- Paul D. Wolfowitz announced his resignation as president of the World Bank, ending weeks of furor over charges of favoritism that revealed widespread dissatisfaction with his leadership at the bank. [A1.] THE VALUE OF JOHN SNOW -- John W. Snow, former Treasury secretary who is chairman of Cerberus Capital Management, the company buying Chrysler, is one of the latest politicians hired by private equity for the connections and skills that are honed while working in the upper echelons of government. [C1.] VOTE ON TEXAS PENSION REFORM -- Texas lawmakers are on the verge of rejecting a requirement that state and local governments disclose the cost of the health care they have promised to retired employees. The proposal is intended to encourage politicians to deal ahead of time with the huge obligations they have imposed on future taxpayers. [C1.] LIMITED IMPACT OF DEFAULTS -- The Federal Reserve does not foresee a broader economic impact from the growing number of mortgage defaults and home foreclosures, its chairman, Ben S. Bernanke said, and he cautioned against excessive regulation of lenders. [C1.] A gauge of future economic activity forecasts that the nation's economy will slow in coming months, and suggests that higher gas prices are beginning to take their toll.[C4.] STITCHING TOGETHER A COMPANY -- Louis Gallois, Airbus's third chief executive in 12 months, took the job last year after Airbus and its parent, EADS, announced a major delay in producing its new flagship, the A380 superjumbo jet. He has made progress toward setting the company back on track. But healing the multinational rifts that led to the delay is a challenge he concedes he did not fully anticipate. [C3.] WPP BUYS ONLINE ADVERTISING FIRM -- The WPP Group, the advertising holding company, agreed to pay about $649 million to acquire 24/7 Real Media, an advertising network and technology company. [C3.] FINANCIER DENIES HE IS A TARGET -- A Syrian-born financier, Wafic Said, who helped broker a $79 billion arms contract between BAE Systems and Saudi Arabia two decades ago, said that he was not a target of a money-laundering investigation opened this week by the Swiss authorities. [C3.] WORKING BOTH SIDES OF A DEAL -- Citigroup played a leading role on both sides of a recent deal when Whyte & Mackay, the whiskey maker, was bought out by United Spirits. Citigroup was an adviser to the distiller, and a lender to the buyer. [C7.] WAYS TO KEEP VIEWERS -- A broadcast network, CW, will soon offer advertisers two more ways to try holding the attention of viewers throughout those commercial breaks that consumers love to hate. Advertising: Stuart Elliott. [C5.] OUT OF PRINT? NOT SO FAST -- Simon & Schuster is proposing a change in the way it defines when a book is out of print. The change, which reflects new print-on-demand technologies, would allow more books to stay under contract longer, and the Authors Guild is urging a protest. [C3.] AFTER SPITZER -- Under Eliot Spitzer, lawyers in the New York attorney general's office reined in Wall Street analysts, curbed mutual fund abuses and corralled insurance companies. Now that Mr. Spitzer, left, occupies the governor's office in Albany, the options facing these lawyers have ranged from law firm partnerships to state agency heads. And some have chosen to join big Wall Street law firms. [C6.] MARKETS SLIP -- Stocks edged lower as an upbeat report on business conditions in the mid-Atlantic region, coupled with data suggesting strength in the job market, signaled a reduced chance of interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve. [C9.] UNION'S HELP FOR YOUNG WORKERS -- The Service Employees International Union has created a nonprofit organization that plans to provide health insurance and financial advice to young workers, while also publicly advocating for issues important to labor. [A18.] SEEKING A NOMINEE'S WITHDRAWAL -- Senate Democrats urged President Bush to withdraw his nomination of a lobbyist from the National Association of Manufacturers to lead the Consumer Product Safety Commission, saying the candidate was unqualified and the appointment posed conflicts of interest. [A23.] SAUDI FIRM NEAR DEAL FOR G.E. UNIT -- General Electric is close to reaching an agreement to sell its plastics division for about $11 billion to Saudi Arabia's largest public company, the Saudi Basic Industries Corporation, according to people briefed on the negotiations. [C2.] ONLINE Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. AN INVESTMENT advisory firm is calling for the board of CVS/Caremark to remove a director, Roger L. Headrick, amid concern that his re-election was aided by votes cast without guidance from shareholders. (DOW JONES) A FORMER marketing executive of the American-based food distribution unit of the Dutch food retailer Ahold was sentenced to seven years in prison by a federal judge for his role in an $800 million accounting fraud. (REUTERS)
p539
aVDIABETES DRUG IS QUESTIONED -- An article in The New England Journal of Medicine raises safety questions about the GlaxoSmithKline diabetes pill Avandia while also restarting debate over the quality of work by federal drug regulators. [Page C1.] TAINTED TOOTHPASTE -- Chinese authorities are investigating two companies after toothpaste exported to Latin America was found to be tainted with diethylene glycol, an industrial solvent and prime ingredient in some antifreeze fluid. [C1.] PAY ATTENTION, PLEASE -- Viacom, the media conglomerate that owns cable networks like MTV and Comedy Central, says it has devised new formats to try to keep its young viewers glued to the television set when the commercials are appearing. ''They're younger, they're more quickly engaged and more quickly dismissive if they're not engaged,'' said Judy McGrath, above, chairman and chief executive of MTV Networks. [C6.] BIG-BOY LETTERS ARE CHALLENGED -- Correspondence among investors known as big-boy letters are widely used and represent a private contract among presumably sophisticated investors. Now they face a legal challenge. [C1.] WHAT'S KERKORIAN UP TO? -- The latest Securities and Exchange Commission filing by the Tracinda Corporation, the billionaire financier Kirk Kerkorian's holding company, has analysts wondering if this is the opening move in a plan to take the MGM company private. [C1.] TRADE ISSUES WITH CHINA -- As the senior trade officials for United States and China begin talks, some question whether the Bush administration's efforts to open China to American goods can satisfy a Congress irate over a trade deficit with China that rose to $232 billion last year. [C1.] IDEA FROM GOOGLE: AN AUCTION -- Google has proposed that the Federal Communications Commission allocate radio spectrum employing the same kind of auction that the search engine company now uses in selling advertisements to create more competition among cable companies and Internet service providers. [C10.] MYSPACE EXPOSES SEX OFFENDERS -- MySpace, the popular social networking site, has agreed to provide authorities in all 50 states with the names, addresses and online profiles of thousands of known convicted sexual offenders who have opened up accounts on its service. [C8.] LOWE'S PROFIT MISSES MARK -- The Lowe's Company, the No. 2 home improvement chain behind Home Depot, reported a lower-than-expected first-quarter profit and has cut its full-year earnings outlook. [C7.] COURT TO HEAR BOND CASE -- The Supreme Court has agreed to rule on important tax issues involving interest and taxes on municipal bonds in a case with the potential to change the market for such bonds. [C3.] MOVIE MAY ENLIVEN DEBATE -- Insurance industry officials and health policy experts suggest that Michael Moore's movie on the American health care system is likely to provoke debate, not radical change. [C3.] EMI GROUP SALE WINS SUPPORT -- The board at the music giant EMI Group has decided to support a new $4.7 billion offer from a private British investor, Terra Firma Capital Partners. [C3.] JUST LOOKING FOR A RETURN -- The Chinese government's $3 billion purchase of a nonvoting stake in the Blackstone Group was simply a way to raise returns on overseas investments, a Chinese official says. [C4.] CLINTON BOOKS DUE EARLIER -- The publishers of two rival biographies of Hillary Rodham Clinton have moved up their on-sale dates once again to the first week in June in a game of publishing one-upmanship. [C3.] RETRIAL FOR BROKERS -- The United States attorney's office in Brooklyn said it would retry former brokers for Citigroup, Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers on charges that they conspired to commit fraud by allowing day traders to eavesdrop on orders made through internal squawk boxes. [C11.] TAX GETS SCRUTINY -- A tax originally intended to ensure that rich investors did not live tax-free is not working as planned, the Joint Committee on Taxation says. But a nonpartisan tax group has a solution. [C2.] SAUDIS BUY G.E. PLASTICS UNIT -- General Electric agreed yesterday to sell its plastics division for $11.6 billion to the largest public company in Saudi Arabia, the Saudi Basic Industries Corporation known as Sabic. Jeffrey R. Immelt, the chief executive of G.E., said the deal would transform the industry by combining Sabic's low-cost materials and global reach with G.E.'s strong marketing and technology. [C8.] YOU'RE FIRED -- A new study examining turnover among top executives has found that corporate boards were more than three times as likely to dismiss failing chief executives as they were a decade ago. [C6.] LUGGAGE-FREE TRAVEL -- Some executives are shipping their bags ahead when they travel on business -- picking luggage up at their hotel, not an airport. And more businesses are providing these services. [C9.] ONLINE RETIREMENT -- As life spans lengthen, experts on aging say it is more important than ever to prepare for the physical and psychological aspects of retirement. A special section is at nytimes.com/retirement. BUSINESS OF GREEN -- The International Herald Tribune provides a global dialogue on the environment at nytimes.com/blogs. And The Times has a special section on the environment as a business at nytimes.com/business.
p540
aVSo let's see. We're now into week No. 3 of the business world's favorite new soap opera, ''Mr. Murdoch Lusts After Dow Jones.'' And what a strange week it's been. You'd think that when someone offers $60 a share for a stock that has been stuck in the $30s, as the News Corporation's chairman, Rupert Murdoch, did, the controlling shareholders would, at the very least, want to really grapple with it. But in this case, the controlling shareholders are the three dozen or so adult members of the Bancroft family -- and grappling with things related to Dow Jones has never been their style. Nor is it the sort of thing that their supposed advisers, the trustees at the small Boston law firm of Hemenway & Barnes, tend to encourage. Indeed, family members who dare raise legitimate questions about the asset that forms the bulk of their wealth tend to be ostracized by their elders, and cut out of the loop by the trustees.
p541
asS'200704'
p542
(lp543
VThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills tomorrow. At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 5 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 5.07 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 4.95 percent.
p544
aVWall Street closed out a bumpy week with a moderate gain yesterday as investors, heartened by inflation data, bought optimistically ahead of next week's rush of earnings releases. The Dow Jones industrials had their 10th advance in 11 sessions, and all the major indexes closed out the week higher.
p545
aVNEW BID FOR ABN AMRO Royal Bank of Scotland and two other lenders started the biggest takeover battle in banking industry by offering 72.2 billion euros, or $98.5 billion, for the Dutch bank ABN Amro. The offer trumps a bid by Barclays for the bank. [Page C1.] EUROPE IS IN A BUYING FRENZY The takeover battle for ABN Amro is just the latest sign of Europe's growing deal frenzy. [C12.] SIEMENS CHIEF TO STEP DOWN The embattled chief executive of Siemens, Klaus Kleinfeld, said that he would step down when his contract expired in September, becoming the latest casualty in a widening corruption scandal that has shaken corporate Germany. ''In times like these,'' Mr. Kleinfeld, above, said, ''the company needs clarity about its leadership. I have therefore decided not to make myself available for an extension of my contract.'' [C1.] DOW SOARS PAST 13,000 The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 13,000 for the first time and is up 6 percent for the month, its best performance in a single month since December 2003. The rally has defied skeptics who thought stocks were due for a slide. [C1.] ASIA'S ANSWER TO SWITZERLAND Singapore is trying to carve out a new niche for itself in the global economy -- as a sanctuary for the world's wealthy and their money -- by bolstering banking secrecy laws and offering generous tax incentives. [C1.] RULES ON TV VIOLENCE The Federal Communications Commission urged lawmakers to consider regulations that would restrict violent programs to late evening, when most children would not be watching. [C1.] HOUSING ASIDE, HOPEFUL SIGNS New data on durable goods orders has allayed fears that business investment was about to falter, raising expectations that decent economic growth can continue while the pullback in residential real estate runs its course. [C4.] PROMOTING U.S. MANUFACTURING United States Steel, Alcoa, Goodyear and other manufacturing companies have formed an unusual alliance with the United Steelworkers, aiming to preserve and promote manufacturing in the United States. [C2.] DELAY FOR EX-COMVERSE CHIEF Lawyers for Jacob Alexander, the former chief executive of Comverse Technologies who faces charges of options fraud and is regarded as a fugitive, won a fresh delay of attempts to extradite him from Namibia to the United States.[C2.] SERVERS OF THE FUTURE Sun Microsystems and I.B.M. plan to introduce specialized high-end server systems, providing fresh evidence of a new era in computing. [C12.] APPLE'S QUARTERLY PROFIT UP 88% Apple Inc. surpassed even the most optimistic forecasts for its usually tepid second quarter, delivering an 88 percent increase in profit on strong sales of Macintosh computers and iPod music players. The company said that its profit rose to $770 million, from $410 million in the comparable quarter last year. Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, called the quarter a ''blowout.'' [C3.] NOT GOING QUIETLY Fred D. Anderson, the former Apple board member who appeared to be a fall guy in the federal investigation of Apple's options-backdating policies, has instead made a statement that keeps suspicions swirling around the company's chief, Steven P. Jobs. [C3.] GETTING ON BOARD WITH JOOST Joost, the Internet television service being developed by the founders of Skype, has lined up several blue-chip advertisers as it prepares for its introduction. Advertising. [C13.] A WANING INFLUENCE IN HOLLYWOOD As Hollywood's most visible female power brokers have left their jobs and been replaced with men, there is a growing sense that ''women's pictures'' are being pushed aside in favor of action-adventure films like ''300.'' [E1.] UNCOVERING TALENT IN THE MINORS A business professor and a consultant are using baseball's minor leagues as a model for building networks in underserved and overlooked regions of the country for identifying, recruiting and developing entrepreneurs. Small Business. [C13.] ONLINE Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. COLGATE-PALMOLIVE, the consumer products company, said that its first-quarter profit rose 50 percent, driven by sales of new products and growth in all geographic regions. (AP) QUALCOMM POSTED a 22 percent increase in profit in its fiscal second quarter on strong sales of chips for cellphones. (AP) GENERAL DYNAMICS AND RAYTHEON posted modestly higher first-quarter earnings, beating Wall Street's expectations, but were reluctant to raise their profit outlooks for the full year, citing unusually high uncertainty over future Pentagon financing. (AP) UNITED PARCEL SERVICE reported lower quarterly profit as a result of a charge related to aging aircraft and expenses for a voluntary layoff program. (REUTERS) HIGHER BEER PRICES, fewer discounts and another strong showing overseas offset sluggish United States sales for Anheuser-Busch, which reported a 3.7 percent increase in first-quarter earnings. (REUTERS) CORNING, THE SPECIALTY glass maker, said that quarterly profit rose 27 percent on better-than-expected demand for telecommunications products, sending its shares up more than 7 percent. (REUTERS) JEFFREY R. IMMELT, the chairman and chief of General Electric, said that he found the lagging performance of the company's shares ''frustrating.'' (REUTERS)
p546
aV''Imus in the Morning'' is scheduled to start this morning like any other, with Don Imus and his crew cracking wise about the weekend's events, riffing off the news and chatting with Evan Thomas, one of Newsweek's top guns. Later Tom Oliphant, Washington author and former op-ed columnist for The Boston Globe, will check in for some political talk. Given that Mr. Imus spent part of last week describing the student athletes at Rutgers as ''nappy-headed ho's,'' you might think he'd have trouble booking anyone, let alone A-list establishment names. But Mr. Imus, who has been given a pass for this sort of comment in the past, also generously provides airtime to those parts of the news media and political apparatus that would generally be expected to bring him to account.
p547
asS'200703'
p548
(lp549
VThe General Electric Company's Japanese consumer lending unit said it would close 60 percent of its branches and cut 15 percent of its employees as part of a restructuring plan. The GE Consumer Finance Company, a Tokyo-based lender, will shut 73 of its 115 branches and 200 of its 1,342 unmanned outlets, the firm said. The company said it would also cut as many as 400 employees out of 2,600 by the end of June.
p550
aVThe Swiss Reinsurance Company, the world's largest reinsurer, said profit nearly doubled last year because of fewer claims from natural disasters and gains from investments and acquisitions. The company earned 4.56 billion Swiss francs ($3.74 billion) for the year, up from a restated figure of 2.3 billion francs for 2005. Swiss Re also announced a 36 percent increase in its dividend, to 3.40 francs ($2.79) a share, and said it would buy back shares worth up to 6 billion francs ($4.9 billion) over the next three years. Swiss Re said it would buy half of a stake held by General Electric as part of the buyback. G.E. is selling a Swiss Re stake valued at 3.5 billion Swiss francs ($2.9 billion), half to Swiss Re and the other half on the open market. G.E. acquired the stake last year when it sold its reinsurance units to Swiss Re.
p551
aVUsually, an activist hedge fund wants to oust the managers of a company it is battling to control -- not keep them. But William A. Ackman, founder of Pershing Square Capital Management, issued a statement last week lamenting the departure of Douglas M. Neve, chief financial officer of the Ceridian Corporation, the information services company. Calling Mr. Neve a ''first-class C.F.O.,'' Mr. Ackman said that his exit was ''a real disappointment,'' because he had overhauled the company's accounting and finances and improved margins at one of Ceridian's two key business units.
p552
aVWARNING FOR SLEEPING PILLS -- The most widely prescribed sleeping pills, including Ambien and Lunesta, can cause strange behavior like driving and eating while asleep, the Food and Drug Administration said, announcing that strong new warnings would be placed on the labels of 13 drugs. [Page A1.] G.M.'S MIXED PICTURE -- General Motors reported its largest quarterly profit in two and a half years. But it still lost $2 billion last year, the second consecutive year of multibillion-dollar losses. Market Place. [C1.] CHARGES DROPPED IN H.P. CASE -- A judge dismissed charges against Patricia C. Dunn, the former chairwoman of Hewlett-Packard, in a corporate spying case that gained national attention. H.P.'s shareholders, at their annual meeting, appeared to give Mark V. Hurd, the new chairman, a vote of confidence and indicated they felt that last year's problems were now behind the company. [C1.] H&R BLOCK'S SUBPRIME PROBLEM -- The tax-preparation giant H&R Block became another victim of problems plaguing the subprime mortgage industry, reporting quarterly losses of $60 million. [C1.] HARVARD'S INVESTOR -- Mohamed El-Erian, who manages Harvard University's $30 billion endowment, has brought an international flair and bond expertise to the job since arriving one year ago. [C1.] A BID TO CURB A REFRIGERANT -- A coalition of industrial and developing countries has begun pushing for stringent limits on the world's most popular refrigerant for air-conditioners, as evidence mounts that it harms the earth's ozone layer and contributes to global warming. [C3.] A CLEANER COAL-FIRED PLANT -- American Electric Power, a major electric utility, is planning the largest demonstration yet of capturing carbon dioxide from a coal-fired power plant and pumping it deep underground. [C3.] IMPORTS DOWN; EXPORTS UP -- The current-account deficit shrank in the fourth quarter of 2006 to its smallest in more than a year as lower oil prices took a bite out of imports and exports continued to rise. [C4.] CANCELING A CONTRACT -- The Coast Guard said it was canceling a contract with Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman to develop a vessel for a range of missions. [A25.] MISSING MEDICAL DATA FOUND -- A missing compact disc containing sensitive medical and personal information on 75,000 Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield members was recovered. [C2.] AVON'S AT THE DOOR -- Avon, the cosmetics retailer known for the perky commercials that began with the ringing of a doorbell followed by the words ''Avon calling,'' is now starting the largest campaign in its 121-year history. Advertising: Stuart Elliott. [C4.] NATIONAL MAGAZINE AWARDS -- The finalists for the National Magazine Award for general excellence were announced, and among the publications in the running is The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, the journal with the so-called Doomsday Clock on the cover. [C4.] BLAME THE HEDGE FUNDS -- The recent volatility and pullback in Asian markets have prompted some investors to sound a familiar refrain: It's all the fault of the hedge funds. [C9.] DOW ENDS UP -- Wall Street closed with a respectable advance, though the Dow Jones industrial average initially fell as much as 136 points, and briefly dropped below 12,000. [C11.] LEHMAN PROFIT UP 5.6 PERCENT -- Lehman Brothers Holdings, the global investment bank, said that robust trading and overseas expansion drove its first-quarter profit up 5.6 percent, matching Wall Street's expectations. [C4.] A STEP TOWARD PRIVACY -- Google said it would take steps to make anonymous the logs its keeps of all searches that people conduct. [C4.] SEARCHING VIA SPOKEN WORD -- Microsoft said that it had agreed to buy Tellme Networks and its voice-recognition software. The purchase gives Microsoft voice-recognition programs it can combine with mobile phone applications. Steven A. Ballmer, above, the Microsoft chief executive, said that search on cellphones would be a battlegrounds between Microsoft and Google. [C5.] GOOGLE COMES TO TOWN -- Residents of Lenoir, N.C., an Appalachian furniture-making area that has lost thousands of jobs, may have gotten some good news: Google is building a ''server farm,'' a building full of computers, in their town. [A18.] HELP WANTED UNDER THE HOOD -- There are not enough qualified auto mechanics in New York, in part because the rapid computerization of car engines that has prompted many senior mechanics to retire. So the city's Department of Education and union leaders are holding free classes for anyone who wants to learn the trade. [B1.] ONLINE ALL ABOUT EXECUTIVE PAY -- Sumner M. Redstone's compensation for his role as chairman of CBS will be reduced after a shareholder lawsuit. At Citigroup, Charles O. Prince was paid $25.98 million for his work in 2006, an increase of about 13 percent over 2005. More news about executive pay packages and interactive features are in a special section on executive pay at nytimes.com/business. WEEKEND BUSINESS -- In a podcast, reporters and editors from The Times's Sunday Business section offer perspective on the week in business and beyond. Information on subscribing is at nytimes.com/business.
p553
aVSenior Bush administration officials began a series of high-level discussions on Monday with top executives from Wall Street, corporations and the major accounting firms. Many of the executives have urged the rollback of laws passed in the wake of the Enron and WorldCom scandals as well as limits to liability from government and shareholder lawsuits. Vice President Dick Cheney opened the conference by speaking to the group at a private dinner on Monday evening sponsored by the Treasury Department. The group, which invited senior Republican and Democratic lawmakers, was also addressed by Warren E. Buffett, the investor and chairman of Berkshire Hathaway.
p554
asS'200702'
p555
(lp556
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would record a $115 million after-tax expense in the first quarter after losing a decade-long battle with its insurers over payments for thousands of asbestos claims. In a decision released this week, the New York State Court of Appeals, the state's highest, upheld lower-court rulings preventing G.E. from tapping secondary insurance to cover claims brought mostly by individuals exposed to asbestos-insulated turbines. G.E. has paid more than $500 million to settle asbestos cases, according to court documents.
p557
aVThe Swiss Reinsurance Company, the world's largest reinsurer, said profit nearly doubled last year because of fewer claims from natural disasters and gains from investments and acquisitions. The company earned 4.56 billion Swiss francs ($3.74 billion) for the year, up from a restated figure of 2.3 billion francs for 2005. Swiss Re also announced a 36 percent increase in its dividend, to 3.40 francs ($2.79) a share, and said it would buy back shares worth up to 6 billion francs ($4.9 billion) over the next three years. Swiss Re said it would buy half of a stake held by General Electric as part of the buyback. G.E. is selling a Swiss Re stake valued at 3.5 billion Swiss francs ($2.9 billion), half to Swiss Re and the other half on the open market. G.E. acquired the stake last year when it sold its reinsurance units to Swiss Re.
p558
aVBIDDING FOR OFFICE LANDLORD -- The feverish competition over Equity Office Properties Trust, the nation's largest office landlord, appeared to be nearing an end, with shareholders to vote on the best offer today. [C1.] JOBS URGES UNFETTERED MUSIC -- Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, jolted the record industry by calling on its largest companies to allow online music sales unfettered by antipiracy software. [C1.] WAL-MART and UNION AGREE -- In an extraordinary meeting in Washington, the chiefs of Wal-Mart Stores and the Service Employees International Union will stand together today and agree on a series of goals for achieving universal health coverage, according to people briefed on the matter. [C2.] PROSECUTORS DEMAND RECORDS -- Federal prosecutors have subpoenaed records of Allied Capital, a business development company, in an effort to discover how private investigators it hired may have obtained the phone records of one of its leading critics.[C1.] G.E. MAPS ITS FUTURE -- Jeffrey R. Immelt, chairman of General Electric, has designated some fields as promising areas for the company, and jettisoned some others seen as slow-growers. Among the winners: clinical diagnosis, security, energy services and ''green'' products. [C1.] HOLLYWOOD IN WASHINGTON -- The Motion Picture Association of America came to Washington to press its agenda of fighting piracy, obtaining new tax advantages and reining in runaway movie and television production. Armed with some A-list talent, like the actor Will Smith, above, the group said that film and TV production accounts for $30 billion in wages.[C3.] SAMSUNG TO PAY $90 MILLION -- Samsung Electronics of South Korea agreed to pay $90 million to settle civil charges that it conspired with six other makers of computer chips to fix prices, the attorneys general of 41 states announced. [C8.] TAURUS BACK ON THE ROAD -- The Ford Taurus, the onetime best-selling car line that was retired last year because of dwindling sales, is coming back to life as the new nameplate on the slow-selling Ford Five Hundred sedan. [C4.] TOYOTA'S PROFIT POINTS THE WAY -- Another quarter of record profits and sales by Toyota Motor painted a picture of a company whose momentum is pushing it relentlessly closer to becoming the No. 1 global auto company, analysts said. [C4.] THE BIGGER-IS-BETTER APPROACH -- Toyota is promoting its new full-size Tundra pickup by projecting an image of itself that Americans have not seen before from the automaker -- one built on horsepower and ''my brakes are bigger than yours'' machismo. Advertising. [C4.] HIGH DEMAND HELPS CISCO -- The Internet equipment maker Cisco Systems reported a 36 percent jump in profit in its second fiscal quarter, benefiting from growing demand for bigger, faster networks that can handle video. The news bolstered Wall Street confidence that the company, a highflier in the 1990s, was again enjoying steady growth. [C3.] BERNANKE'S SOLUTION TO WAGE GAP -- Ben S. Bernanke, the Federal Reserve chairman, said that bolstering education and training, rather than erecting trade barriers would help narrow the economic gap between low- and high-income workers [C13.] MORTGAGE INSURER BUYS RIVAL -- A mortgage insurance provider, the MGIC Investment Corporation, has agreed to buy a rival, the Radian Group, for $4.9 billion in stock to form a combined company with total assets of nearly $15 billion.[C4.] CHINA DEFERS ON EMISSION LIMITS -- China said that wealthier countries must take the lead in curbing greenhouse gas emissions and refused to say whether it would agree to any emissions limits that might hamper its booming economy. [A9.] LET'S GO (GERM-FREE) SHOPPING -- Arkansas is poised to become the first state in the nation to officially encourage grocery stores to offer sanitary wipes to customers who use shopping carts. [A11.] PUBLIC BROADCASTING, IN SPANISH -- Public broadcasting executives are expected to announce a new Spanish-language network that will go on the air on March 5 in American cities with large Latino populations. [E1.] EX-HEAD OF AIRLINE DIES -- M. Lamar Muse, the first president of Southwest Airlines, who took the job when the airline had no planes, tens of thousands of dollars of debt and about $100 in the bank, died Monday in Dallas. He was 86. [A16.]
p559
aVDETROIT, Feb. 15 - The Chrysler Group and General Motors are holding preliminary discussions about a joint project that would provide Chrysler with a version of the big Chevrolet Tahoe sport utility, people with direct knowledge of the talks said Thursday night. There is no indication when the two companies might reach a conclusion in the talks, which have been under way for about six months, these people added. They insisted on anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the discussions, which were described as being in the very early stages.
p560
asS'200701'
p561
(lp562
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would pay $4.8 billion in cash for Smiths Aerospace, the cockpit electronics arm of the London conglomerate Smiths Group. The two companies also said they would pool their technologies for detecting bombs, chemicals and other dangerous items into a joint venture, Smiths GE Detection. The two deals give G.E. the ability to round out its aircraft engines business as well as increasing growth in its nascent security business. The deals give Smiths access to capital and research that its chief executive, Keith Butler-Wheelhouse, concedes the company needs badly.
p563
aVStock markets around the world closed higher yesterday, with European indexes buoyed by merger and acquisition activity, while markets in the United States were closed for Martin Luther King's Birthday. Many of the markets were riding the gains on Friday in American markets, when the Dow Jones industrial average had its 24th record close since the start of October.
p564
aVINDUSTRY CALL TO LIMIT EMISSIONS -- Ten major companies with operations across the economy have banded together with leading environmental groups to call for a firm nationwide cap on carbon dioxide emissions that would lead to reductions of 10 to 30 percent over the next 15 years. [Page C1.] OUTSIZE PERSONALITY AND AMBITION -- College dropout, stock market aficionado, motorcycle enthusiast and, on occasion, an uninhibited dancer to hip-hop music, Jonathan G. Ornstein, left, the chief executive of the Mesa Air Group, is a throwback to an era when airlines tended to resemble the personalities of their chief executives. And if his personality is outsize, so are Mesa's ambitions. He wants to make the regional airline global. [C1.] FED WARNING ON DEFICITS -- Ben S. Bernanke, the Federal Reserve chairman, said that recent positive trends on the federal budget were a ''calm before the storm'' masking a long-term danger posed by looming deficits in Social Security and Medicare. [C1.] HOUSE PASSES OIL ROYALTIES BILL -- House Democrats easily passed legislation that would rescind $14 billion in tax breaks and subsidies for oil drillers and reserve the money to develop alternative energy projects and conservation technologies. [C1.] BETTING ON THE FARM -- Wall Street commodity funds that have been investing heavily in energy futures are now loading up on agricultural commodities like corn and livestock futures, raising concerns among grain traders and producers that speculative money is gaining an undue influence over their markets. [C1.] SEAT RATINGS RETRACTED -- Consumer Reports magazine retracted an article on infant car seats that said most of them had failed side-impact crash tests. [A16.] HELP FOR THE UNINSURED -- A broad coalition of business and consumer groups, doctors, hospitals and drug companies laid out a major proposal to provide health insurance coverage to more than half of the 47 million uninsured Americans by expanding federal benefit programs and offering new federal tax credits to individuals and families. [A21.] I.B.M. EDGES PAST ESTIMATES -- I.B.M. reported quarterly profit and revenue that slightly surpassed Wall Street estimates, lifted by strong software sales and a solid performance from its big services unit. [C4.] ECONOMY HOLDING ITS OWN -- The American economy seems to be shaking off a slowdown brought on by the precipitous drop in housing, the latest data suggested. [C4.] TIME INC. CUTTING 300 JOBS -- Time Inc. announced that it would cut nearly 300 employees at its top magazines, including its most profitable one, People, as it moves to invest more in its Web sites. [C4.] NO MORE COMPANY JET -- Mark Fields, president of the Americas region for the Ford Motor Company, said that he would give up the use of the company's private jets for his weekend trips home to visit his family in Florida and would fly commercial instead. [C4.] MERRILL'S NET UP 68 PERCENT -- Merrill Lynch, the nation's largest brokerage house, capped a record earnings season for the major brokers by announcing a 68 percent gain in fourth-quarter profit. [C4.] LAW FIRMS PRESSED ON RETIREMENT -- A special committee of the New York State Bar Association is calling on law firms to end the practice of mandatory retirement for partners. [C6.] MAKEUP FOR THE YOUTH SET -- Cosmetics companies like Clinique, Avon and Lancme are placing a new emphasis on their advertising campaigns aimed at younger customers. Advertising. [C8.] INSURER TO BUY ALL OF FRENCH UNIT -- Allianz, the European insurer, announced that it would buy out the minority shareholders of its French subsidiary AGF for $12.6 billion, another step in a drive by its chief executive, Michael Diekmann, to reduce the complexity of the company. [C9.] OIL AND TECH DRAG DOWN SHARES -- Stocks fell for a second day, buffeted by declining oil prices that sent energy shares down and technology company sales forecasts that fell below analysts' estimates. [C11.] Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. Continental Airlines said that it narrowed its fourth-quarter loss by 40 percent as it flew more passengers and increased fares. (BLOOMBERG NEWS) Harley-Davidson said that strong international sales of its motorcycles helped drive its fourth-quarter profit up 9.7 percent, a touch above Wall Street expectations, but sales in the United States were flat. (AP) The bidding for ElkCorp, the roofing products maker, heated up, with the Building Materials Corporation of America raising its bid to $865.2 million, topping a $834 million offer by a private equity firm, the Carlyle Group. (REUTERS) The Bank of New York, one of the nation's largest trust banks, reported an increase in fourth-quarter earnings on strength in its corporate trust business, depositary receipts and global custody services. (AP) The Coca-Cola Company said that its marketing chief, Mary E. Minnick, would leave, a month after the company promoted its international chief, Muhtar Kent, to chief operating officer. (BLOOMBERG NEWS) The General Electric Company reached an agreement to buy part of the diagnostic-equipment unit of Abbott Laboratories for $8.13 billion to expand its line of testing devices. (BLOOMBERG NEWS)
p565
aVCHIEF OF HOME DEPOT LEAVES -- Robert L. Nardelli, the chief executive of Home Depot, who came under heavy criticism for his pay package and his failure to lift the chain's stagnant stock price, was ousted by the board. [Page A1.] A VICTORY FOR SHAREHOLDERS -- The surprising departure of Mr. Nardelli was a victory for shareholders hoping to force corporate directors to be more accountable on the increasingly incendiary issue of executive pay. Market Place. [C1.] NO LONGER AUTOMATIC -- General Electric has long been seen as a training ground of future C.E.O.'s. The ouster of Mr. Nardelli, a G.E. alumnus, may change that perception. [C1.] A TARGET OF ACTIVISTS -- Mr. Nardelli's rich compensation and poor performance at Home Depot has long been cited by shareholder activists as one of the prime examples of what they view as excessive executive pay. [C4.] KPMG CHARGE DISMISSED -- A federal judge has dismissed a criminal charge accusing KPMG, the accounting firm, of conspiring to sell illegal tax shelters, after prosecutors said that the firm had met its obligations under a 2005 deferred prosecution agreement. Jeffrey Stein (above), the former deputy chairman at KPMG, filed his own legal request urging the judge not to dismiss the criminal case against KPMG, arguing that the firm had failed to pay the legal fees for his defense. [C7.] ONE DRUG'S SIDE EFFECTS -- For many patients who take Zyprexa, the antipsychotic drug manufactured by Eli Lilly, the side effects are severe. Exactly how many people have died as a result of those side effects, and whether Lilly adequately disclosed those risks, are central issues in thousands of product-liability lawsuits. [A1.] BACKGROUND CHECKS AT PORTS -- More than 750,000 port workers will be required to have criminal background and immigration checks in an antiterrorism program announced by the Homeland Security Department. [A14.] CONCERNS OVER VOTING TESTS -- A laboratory that has tested most of the nation's electronic voting systems, Ciber Inc. of Greenwood Village, Colo., has been temporarily barred from approving new machines after federal officials found that it was not following its quality-control procedures and could not document that it was conducting all the required tests. [A1.] PLAYS BOTH KINDS OF DVDS -- Warner Brothers plans to announce next week a video disc that can play films and television programs in both Blu-ray and HD-DVD, the two competing formats for high-definition DVDs. [C1.] SLOWDOWN IN SEX TRADE -- The sex-related entertainment industry's leading performers, owners and fans gather in Las Vegas for conferences amid indications that pornography's robust growth since it came out from behind the counter in the 1970s is slowing. [C6.] TALENT AGENCIES SCRAMBLE -- Two leading Hollywood agents with top-ranked clients in movies and television joined the Endeavor talent agency after many years at the rival International Creative Management, sparking a Hollywood-style scramble as each agency strove to claim -- or retain -- the agents' star clients. [C6.] A GECKO ON THE BRIDGE -- The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which runs the George Washington Bridge, is expected to announce a deal with Geico, the auto insurance giant, to allow a big billboard on top of the toll plaza, as well as other signs. [B1.] TRAINS TRY TO OUTRUN CRITICS -- Taiwan's new system of sleek, 180-mile-an-hour bullet trains is scheduled to open tomorrow. For some on this congested island, the project is an example of how Asia may be able to control oil imports and reduce air pollution; but others fume over the $15 billion price tag. [A4.] LOW MARK FOR THE BIG THREE -- General Motors, the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler Group ended 2006 with a new low in their collective market share -- 51.5 percent for the month of December. [C1.] MARKETS FINISH MIXED -- Stocks surged early on the first trading day of 2007, but then fell sharply and closed mixed after minutes from a Federal Reserve meeting indicated that inflation remains a chief concern. [C3.] EARTHLINK EXECUTIVE DIES -- Garry Betty, an executive who built the EarthLink Corporation from a struggling start-up into a public company that took on telecommunications giants, died on Tuesday in Atlanta. He was 49. [B7.] ONLINE WHY ROOTS MATTER -- Health scares and mass-produced food have people reaching for local produce, which has meant a lift for small businesses. A special report is at nytimes.com/business/smallbusiness. WHO WILL BUY? A special video report follows hopeful entrepreneurs as they bring their products, including greeting cards that hug, to a search sponsored by QVC, the TV shopping network. A report is at nytimes.com/business/smallbusiness. CAREER CHOICES -- An effective job search requires more than sending out rsums. Job seekers must know as much as possible about potential jobs, including salary comparison data and company research. A report is at nytimes.com/marketing/jobmarket.
p566
aVBUYOUT BATTLE FOR REIT -- A group of investors offered $38 billion for Equity Office Properties, the nation's largest office landlord, topping a $36 billion deal that Equity Office had reached with the Blackstone Group, and setting off the biggest buyout battle since the landmark fight for RJR Nabisco nearly two decades ago. [Page C1.] OFFER FOR TRIBUNE CO. -- As the deadline for bids for the Tribune Company came and went, the team of Eli Broad and Ronald W. Burkle made an audacious offer to give the company an infusion of cash and become the largest shareholder with a 31 percent stake. [C1.] WEB ADS AND DANCING COWBOYS -- Even as online advertisements are becoming less obtrusive, LowerMyBills.com is a stubborn holdout, with its ubiquitous Web banners featuring two-stepping cowboys, frisky rooftop dancers and weird tattoos. Some say the undulating characters in the ads are highly distracting and have so little to do with low-interest loans that they border on the surreal. Advertising. [C1.] MORE VARIETY IN FOREIGN CARS -- Foreign automakers are introducing new models at the high and low ends of their respective brands that may cause some unintended double-takes among consumers. [C1.] APPLE POSTS BIG PROFIT -- Apple Inc., brushing by even optimistic analyst expectations, delivered $1 billion in profit in the quarter, based largely on the Christmas performance of its iPod. [C10.] PUSH FOR EMISSIONS CONTROLS -- Congressional Democrats are increasingly determined to wrest control of the global-warming debate from the White House and impose the kind of mandatory controls on carbon-dioxide emissions that most smokestack industries have long opposed. [A24.] REGAN IMPRINT TO SHUT DOWN -- HarperCollins announced that it planned to close ReganBooks, the imprint created by Judith Regan, left, the editor who was fired last month after public outcry over a book and television deal with O. J. Simpson. The imprint will close March 1. [C5.] CASH SHORTAGE FOR DISASTER FUND -- The federal government's biggest program to help people rebuild after natural disasters is on the verge of running out of money because of budgeting problems at the agency that runs it, the Small Business Administration. [A1.] SIGNS OF ECONOMIC RESILIENCE -- A tight labor market is pushing up many workers' wages, consumers are spending more at shopping malls and the skid in the housing market is easing in some areas of the country, according to the latest regional survey of economic conditions by the Federal Reserve. [C4.] DEAL FOR OUTLET MALLS -- The Mills Corporation, the owner of suburban outlet malls, said that it had agreed to be acquired for $1.4 billion by Brookfield Asset Management. Brookfield, a public company that owns high-quality office buildings like the World Financial Center in Lower Manhattan, will pay $21 a share for Mills, an 18 percent premium. [C18.] DIGITAL MUSIC UP SHARPLY -- Sales of digitally distributed music rose about 80 percent in 2006 but failed to make up for falling sales of compact discs, a trade group said. [C5.] SIGNAL ON SATELLITE MERGER -- The chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Kevin Martin, said that Sirius Satellite Radio and XM Satellite Radio Holdings would not win approval of a merger under current regulatory rules. [C5.] RETAILER IN DATA BREACH -- The TJX Companies, the retailer that operates the T. J. Maxx and Marshalls discount clothing chains, has joined the ignominious list of companies that have had sensitive customer financial data pilfered. [C11.] DEMOCRATS TO ACT ON ROYALTIES -- House Democrats, brushing aside objections from the Bush administration, said that they had ample votes to pass a bill that would eliminate $14 billion in subsidies and tax breaks for oil companies and channel the money to renewable energy projects. [C12.] AIRBUS FORECASTS LOSS -- Airbus warned that major production delays on its twin-deck A380 jet would probably push it to an operating loss for 2006, despite a record number of deliveries. [C17.] AIRLINES POST MIXED RESULTS -- The AMR Corporation earned a surprise fourth-quarter profit and Southwest Airlines said that net income fell, demonstrating how fuel-pricing decisions dictate carriers' finances even when planes are full. [C17.] G.E. SAID TO BE NEAR DEAL -- General Electric is near a deal to buy Abbott Laboratories' medical diagnostics unit for more than $5 billion, according to people involved in the negotiations. [C18.] SHARES DIP ON RATE CONCERNS -- Wall Street finished lower after the Federal Reserve reported slow but steady regional economic growth, deflating hopes for an interest rate cut. [C21.] ONLINE Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. THE LENNAR CORPORATION, one of the nation's biggest homebuilders, reported a fourth-quarter loss, in contrast to a large profit a year ago, but the company's stock rose as it discussed 2007 earnings goals that, if reached, would surpass analysts' expectations. (AP) MELLON FINANCIAL, the investment manager that is being acquired by Bank of New York, said that fourth-quarter earnings rose 14 percent on an increase in fees for overseeing hedge funds and mutual funds. (BLOOMBERG NEWS)
p567
aVWith concerns about global warming and energy security on the rise, countries the world over are taking a new look at nuclear energy. Some are building new reactors as fast as they can. They are coming from everywhere in Australia; shirt-sleeved workers from every corner of the continent heading to a remote stretch of the South Australian desert. There is no water, and not much of anything else either. But the Olympic Dam mine is located here. And the mine is hiring.
p568
aVBrian Addison joined Wirestone, Chicago, as a director for brand strategy. He had been United States brand manager for Jim Beam bourbon whiskey at Beam Global Spirits and Wine, Deerfield, Ill. Amy Beamer, vice president for operations at Pavone, Harrisburg, Pa., was promoted to chief operating officer, a new post, overseeing the offices in Harrisburg and Philadelphia.
p569
asS'201205'
p570
(lp571
VCoty on Thursday raised its takeover bid for Avon Products to $10.7 billion and unveiled a potent new weapon: Warren E. Buffett. Among Coty's newest backers is Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate that Mr. Buffett runs and one of the best-regarded companies in the country.
p572
asS'201204'
p573
(lp574
VSTOCK SURGE Shares in the bookseller Barnes & Noble soared more than 18 percent on Monday after the hedge fund Jana Partners bought a 12 percent stake in the company. Jana Partners, a hedge fund known for taking an activist role at other companies, disclosed late Friday that it had bought nearly seven million shares in Barnes & Noble and had an option to buy 250,000 more at $13 a share. Shares of Barnes & Noble, maker of the Nook e-book reader, above, closed at $13.41 on Monday, up $2.07. AZAM AHMED
p575
aVDesigning and building things for the United States military is a notoriously slow-moving and costly endeavor. The time from idea to manufacturing for a new armored personnel carrier or a tank is typically 10 to 20 years. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency wants to change that, and drastically so. It seeks to cut the design-to-production cycle to two to four years.
p576
asS'201312'
p577
(lp578
sS'201311'
p579
(lp580
sS'201310'
p581
(lp582
sS'199301'
p583
(lp584
VThe Martin Marietta Corporation said yesterday that completion of its pending acquisition of the General Electric Company's Aerospace division had been delayed a month, partly because of Government antitrust concerns. But the company said it was planning to complete the transaction by April 1. Company officials said the Justice Department, which must evaluate the transaction on antitrust grounds, had made a second request for information. They also said the $3.05 billion cost of the acquisition had forced a halt to the company's share buyback program and that it was uncertain when it would be resumed.
p585
aVThe General Electric Company's earnings of $1.34 billion for the fourth quarter of 1992, up 6 percent from a year earlier, were within the range of analysts' predictions, althought toward the lower end of the range. John F. Welch Jr, the company's chairman, said G.E.'s level of profitability "is particularly rewarding in light of slow growth in the United States and around the world." Mr. Welch said the profits were produced by "strong, double-digit earnings increases" at its financial services, power generation and medical instruments operations.
p586
aVThe General Electric Company's finance subsidiary definitively agreed to buy the Weyerhaeuser Company's GNA unit, which markets mutual funds and insurance products, for $525 million in cash, the companies said yesterday. The deal represents two strategic trends: Weyerhaeuser, a forest products company, is returning to its core business of timber and paper production, while the General Electric Capital Corporation is seeking a stronger position in the fast-growing business of bank sales of mutual funds and pension annuities.
p587
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation said today that it had failed in its attempt to sell its money-losing financial-services unit and that talks with the General Electric Company had broken off. The news jolted Westinghouse's stock and left analysts predicting that the conglomerate would now have to sell the assets of its credit unit in bits and pieces.
p588
aVFaced with determined opponents and difficult new questions about safety, the Portland General Electric Company in Oregon said yesterday that it would immediately retire its Trojan nuclear plant. The company had said in August that it would shut the Trojan plant in 1996, when it would have been halfway through its 40-year design life. But the reactor, in Rainier, Ore., developed a leak in a tiny tube in a heat exchanger in November, and while it was shut for repairs opponents pressed new questions about the likelihood of several tubes' failing simultaneously.
p589
aVThe corrosion problem that led the Portland General Electric Company to retire its Trojan nuclear plant late Monday will affect more reactors as the years go by, experts say. And uncertainty about how the Nuclear Regulatory Commission will handle the problem, an issue the utility cited in its decision, could very quickly bring reactor owners to a painful decision: whether to make expensive repairs, or retire their plants, or cut their power ratings. Corrosion in Tubes At the Rainier, Ore., plant, thousands of thin-walled metal tubes inside a heat exchanger called a steam generator had corroded. The N.R.C., which generally requires that such tubes be plugged or lined with a metal sleeve if a crack reaches 40 percent of the thickness of the tube wall, had permitted the company to use a relaxed standard. It has given similar permission to reactors in Michigan, Alabama and South Carolina.
p590
aVA chart last week with an article about weapons makers referred incompletely to the military operations that the General Electric Company recently agreed to sell. In addition to aircraft electronics, G.E. agreed to sell businesses listed under these chart headings: space systems, Strategic Defense Initiative, other electronics, other weapons, training/simulation and military services.
p591
aVOne of Silicon Valley's most closely watched start-ups will introduce its corporate sponsors and some of its strategy at a New York City news conference on Feb. 8, perhaps shedding some light on just where Apple Computer Inc. is heading as it tries to extend personal computing into growth areas involving portable electronic gadgets. Many computer companies are trying to build these gadgets, and to what extent Apple is determined to lead and to what extent it will work with General Magic, a company in Mountain View, Calif., that it helped found in 1990, is unclear.
p592
aVThe Matsushita Electric Corporation of America, a unit of the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company, will pay $1.8 million to settle claims that a division overcharged the Government for typewriters and copiers, the Justice Department said yesterday. The Government contended that the Panasonic Communications and Systems unit failed to disclose certain pricing data in negotiating contracts with the General Services Administration.
p593
aVRoyal Air Maroc, the Moroccan flag carrier, has ordered 12 twin-jet 737 airliners from the Boeing Commercial Airplane Group. Boeing said yesterday that the order was worth about $525 million. The models of the new jets would be determined later, Boeing said. The new 737's will be powered by engines built by CFM International, a joint venture of Snecma of France and the General Electric Company.
p594
asS'199302'
p595
(lp596
VApparently eager to steer a new course in the wake of the departure of Paul Lego as chief executive, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation has rearranged its top-level management and decision-making structure. Westinghouse said today that it had formed five operating groups to simplify the corporate structure and had named an eight-member management committee that will set corporate policy.
p597
aVThe Indian Government said yesterday that it had approved a $2.65 billion proposal from a United States group led by the Enron Corporation to set up a gas-fired power station in the western state of Maharashtra. Siddharth Behura, a senior Industry Ministry official, said the proposal is the largest by a foreign company to be approved by India since the country began radical reform of its economy in July 1991.
p598
aVIn response to order cutbacks from the financially ailing airline industry, the General Electric Company's aircraft-engine business announced yesterday that it would reduce its 33,000-member work force by 3,900 jobs, or 11 percent, this year. About 2,500 jobs will be eliminated at G.E. Aircraft Engine's headquarters in Evendale, Ohio, an industrial area outside Cincinnati. About 700 jobs will be cut at the company's plant in Lynn, Mass., and 700 at smaller operations elsewhere. About 2,300 salaried workers and 1,600 hourly workers will be cut.
p599
aVThe Big Three auto makers formed a consortium today to share technology and costs for developing low-emission paint systems aimed at reducing air pollution at more than 50 automotive assembly plants in the United States. The consortium will work to develop powder-based primer and clear-coat systems through the improvement of materials, equipment and operations, said John Young, chairman of the low-emission paint consortium who is an executive engineer at the Ford Motor Company.
p600
aVW. R. GRACE & CO., New York, announced the acquisition of American Homecare Equipment Inc. by NMC Homecare, a Grace subsidiary, by a merger involving the issuance of about 116,000 shares of Grace stock. KNIGHT-RIDDER INC., Miami, has acquired Data-Star, an on-line information service in Switzerland, from Motor-Columbus, an engineering technology firm. Terms were not disclosed.
p601
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Schenectady, N.Y., said its GE Power Generation unit had received two contracts from the Tennessee Valley Authority valued at $213.4 million. IN-STORE ADVERTISING INC. a provider of electronic advertising signs for supermarkets, has received an offer for 70 percent of the company from an investor group led by R. L. Richards & Co., Garden City, L.I. The group said it would buy newly issued shares for $7 million in cash and offer to purchase $7 million principal amount of three-year 12% debentures at par.
p602
aVThe Economy A plan to ease banking regulations and encourage lending, especially to small businesses, is being prepared, President Clinton and Alan Greenspan said in separate appearances. The plan is said to make it easier for bankers to lend based on a borrower's character, rather than a strict analysis of financial data. [ Page A1. ] President Clinton's plan to bolster industrial technology involves almost no increase in total spending on research, but it would redirect billions from military programs. [ A14. ]
p603
aVStocks were off slightly yesterday, with blue-chip issues ending lower, erasing early gains made on the strength of some of the issues in the Dow Jones industrial average. Traders said over-the-counter stocks gave way to selling pressure, as investors consolidated their positions after recent gains.
p604
aVThe Economy The economy expanded at the robust pace of 4.8 percent in the final three months of 1992, the best quarterly performance in five years. Economists saw the strong fourth-quarter showing for gross domestic product as evidence of an economic surge. But the Administration still appears to be planning a stimulus. [ Page 35. ]
p605
aVKen Rusk remembers the first time the titanium box in his abdomen did what it was supposed to do -- deliver an electric shock to his heart. It felt like being kicked in the chest by a horse. The incident happened early in 1991, about a year and a half after surgeons implanted the device.
p606
asS'199303'
p607
(lp608
VA class-action lawsuit on behalf of some 37,000 General Electric employees has been filed against the company and the Martin Marietta Corporation in an attempt to block the transfer of $1.65 billion in pension benefits. As part of the sale of G.E.'s aerospace division to Martin Marietta, the division's pension plan assets are to be transferred to Martin Marietta.
p609
aVThe shareholders of the Martin Marietta Corporation approved the company's purchase of the General Electric Company's aerospace business.
p610
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation said yesterday that it expected proceeds of at least $400 million "in small bundles" this quarter from piecemeal sales of its financial services portfolio. Since talks to sell the portfolio in bulk to the finance subsidiary of the General Electric Company collapsed on Jan. 15, Westinghouse has found other bidders for shopping malls, resort hotels and other real estate that its troubled financial unit inherited through loan defaults, a spokesman, Jay McCaffrey, said.
p611
aVThe Burlington Northern Railroad awarded a contract valued at more than $650 million to General Motors' electromotive division and Siemens Transportation Systems Inc. to supply 350 high-performance diesel freight locomotives using an alternating current electric system. Eight of the 4,000-horsepower locomotives will be delivered this year, and 60 to 100 locomotives will be delivered in following years until 1997. The freight locomotives are expected to be the first to use alternating current traction systems, rather than direct current technology, in North America.
p612
aVH & R Block Inc., the country's largest preparer of individual tax returns, said yesterday that it was joining the growing list of businesses offering credit cards. A user of H & R Block's Mastercard would earn a $5 rebate on tax preparation services for every $500 charged on the card in a year. Applications for the card are being distributed this month at H & R Block offices in 14 states.
p613
aVThomas H. Odiorne, a senior executive at Johnson & Johnson, was appointed yesterday as president and chief operating officer of the Celgene Corporation, a start-up biotechnology company that is developing processes to cleanse hazardous waste and make drugs safer. Mr. Odiorne, 52, president of Johnson & Johnson's ICOM business development group, said he would move up as Celgene's chief executive next winter, succeeding John L. Ufheil, 59, when Mr. Ufheil retires at the end of his contract.
p614
aVApple Computer Inc. announced several new licensees today for its Newton hand-held computing system and indicated that it planned to share the technology even more widely. The move is a significant shift by the computer maker, which has a tradition of fiercely protecting its Macintosh and Apple II computers from imitators.
p615
aVThe General Dynamics Corporation said today that its board had approved a special one-time cash payment to stockholders of $20 a share and that William A. Anders, who has pared the company and driven up its stock price, would step down as its chief executive. The payout, effective April 22, continues the company's practice of returning to investors some of the proceeds from its multibillion-dollar divestments.
p616
aVRESEARCHERS studying Lou Gehrig's disease announced this month that they had identified a defective gene that seemed to cause genetically transmitted cases of the disease. Last week a biotechnology company won a patent for a synthetic version of the gene that it hopes may be used to treat victims of the disease the way insulin is used to treat diabetics. Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or A.L.S., a neurodegenerative disorder that destroys the body's neuromuscular system, is called Lou Gehrig's disease after the baseball player who was one of its famous victims.
p617
aVW. R. GRACE & CO., New York, announced the acquisition of American Homecare Equipment Inc. by NMC Homecare, a Grace subsidiary, by a merger involving the issuance of about 116,000 shares of Grace stock. KNIGHT-RIDDER INC., Miami, has acquired Data-Star, an on-line information service in Switzerland, from Motor-Columbus, an engineering technology firm. Terms were not disclosed.
p618
asS'199304'
p619
(lp620
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that profits rose 9.6 percent in the first quarter, led by a strong performance at its financial unit, GE Capital Services. The unit's net income was up 22 percent in the quarter, compared with a year ago. John F. Welch Jr., G.E.'s chairman, cited double-digit earnings gains in six of the company's 12 businesses -- NBC, appliances, locomotives, motors, power systems and plastics. But pretax profits were sharply lower in the aircraft engines unit. The drop was attributed to product-development costs and a charge for previously announced layoffs as orders dried up from airlines.
p621
aVThe White House said yesterday that it was reviewing a proposal by the Boeing Company and the General Electric Company to allow them to pursue a potential multimillion-dollar sale to Iran. The Washington Post reported yesterday that Iran had expressed interest in buying as many as 20 Boeing 737-400 passenger jets and their General Electric engines, which could be worth as much as $750 million. "We're reviewing it," said Dee Dee Myers, the White House press secretary.
p622
aVThe Weyerhaeuser Company has completed the sale of its annuity subsidiary, the GNA Corporation, to the General Electric Company's GE Capital. Under the deal, which closed on Thursday, G.E. paid $525 million in cash plus the earnings of GNA for the first quarter of 1993. GNA markets tax-deferred annuities and sells proprietary and third-party mutual funds through financial institutions. It sold about $3.2 billion of those products in 1992.
p623
aVFor Norman R. Augustine, chairman of the Martin Marietta Corporation, signing up to buy the General Electric Corporation's aerospace division for $3 billion last year was far easier than the monumental task he now faces in consolidating the two businesses under one roof. That will mean laying off thousands of workers, closing production plants, and selling mediocre operations to achieve the economies of scale that Mr. Augustine promised last November when he agreed to the deal, which creates the world's largest military electronics company.
p624
aVAfter nearly two years of speculation about a possible sale of NBC, John F. Welch, the chairman of the General Electric Company, told staff members of NBC News yesterday that the network was not for sale. The announcement was intended to stanch rumors of an impending sale that have dogged NBC, a division of G.E., and have contributed to a steep decline in morale among employees. Robert C. Wright, the president of NBC, said, "This was General Electric saying: 'We're in this for the long haul.' "
p625
aVTransport International Pool agreed yesterday to buy T.I.P. Europe P.L.C. for $108 million, or 64 cents a share. T.I.P., a GE Capital company based in Bala-Cynwyd, Pa., is the largest over-the-road semitrailer renting, leasing and sales company in North America, with more than 62,000 semitrailers and 120 locations. T.I.P. Europe is a similar business operating in 10 European countries. GE Capital, based in Stamford, Conn., a wholly owned subsidiary of the General Electric Company, is a diversified financial services company with assets of more than $92 million.
p626
aVGE Capital Services said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the United Pacific Life Insurance Company from Reliance Group Holdings for $550 million. The deal marks GE Capital's second large move this year into the annuity business. The purchase of United Pacific Life, which has nearly $6 billion in assets, follows GE Capital's purchase in January of the GNA Corporation, another seller of tax-deferred annuities, which has $6 billion in assets. GE Capital said it hoped to capitalize on expected rapid increases in savings for retirement by baby boomers.
p627
aVThe Harris Corporation said yesterday that it had named Phillip W. Farmer president and chief operating officer. Mr. Farmer, most recently executive vice president at Harris, was responsible for resuscitating its money-losing semiconductor business.
p628
aVResearch and development for electric vehicles have mainly concentrated on batteries, power controllers, motors and other vehicle parts. But what about the infrastructure in which the vehicles will function? One visionary sees battery-recharging stations being combined with other commercial establishments -- Charg-'n'-Shop might do brisk business at a shopping mall, or Charg-'n'-Eat at an Interstate highway exit. Sketching the Future Such visions of the future have come tumbling forth in an unusual design competition here that has as much in common with architecture as engineering. Some 130 teams of planners, thinkers and dreamers have submitted their ideas in poster-board form for a contest with the theme "The Electric Vehicle and the American Community." Their sketches offered ideas for new products, new services and whole new industries.
p629
aVHALLIBURTON CO., Dallas, signed a joint venture with China National Petroleum Corp. to create Halliburton-CNPC Co. The new company will supply the hydrocarbon exploration and production industry with equipment and services. MARTIN MARIETTA CORP., Bethesda, Md., purchased General Electric Co.'s aerospace business for $3.05 billion.
p630
asS'199305'
p631
(lp632
VThe price of GPA Group bonds more than doubled early yesterday on the news of Wednesday's deal for the General Electric Company to help the troubled Irish aircraft leasing company avoid bankruptcy. But skepticism about whether creditors would accept the deal helped push the bonds off their highs. Prices for the company's most actively traded bonds, an 8 3/4 percent issue due in 1998, had hovered in the mid-$200 range Tuesday, but opened around $600 for each $1,000 yesterday morning, traders said. According to Bloomberg Financial Markets, the bonds then dropped to $565 for each $1,000 by late in the day.
p633
aVOwens-Illinois Inc. has agreed in principle to sell its stake in a company that produces television glass parts to its venture partner, the Nippon Electric Glass Company of Japan, for $100 million. Owens-Illinois would still play a role in the management of OI-NEG TV Products Inc. and would continue to be represented on its board. Owens-Illinois, based in Toledo, Ohio, has earmarked the sale's proceeds to reduce debt and for general corporate purposes.
p634
aVAUTOTOTE CORP., Newark, Del., agreed to buy the on-line lottery business of General Instrument Corp., Chicago, for undisclosed terms. Autotote shares rose $5.25 yesterday, to $45.75; General Instrument rose $1.50, to $38.50. GENERAL ELECTRIC CORP., Fairfield, Conn., said Japan Airlines has ordered G.E. turbofan engines valued at a total of $75 million.
p635
aVGPA Group P.L.C. said late today that it had reached a deal under which the General Electric Company will help the giant aircraft-leasing company avert financial collapse. As part of the deal, G.E. would acquire 45 planes from GPA for $1.35 billion. GPA said the deal could lead to G.E. owning as much as 80 percent of the Irish company.
p636
aVGood news for I.B.M. shareholders, and it comes from an unlikely source -- Big Blue's sometimes nemesis William H. Gates. "With all I.B.M.'s technical assets, which are considerable, the company should be worth twice as much as it is today," said Mr. Gates, the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation.
p637
aVThe GPA Group P.L.C., the aircraft-leasing company that is the largest purchaser of commercial jets, is scrambling to avert a financial crisis that could leave the company crippled and even jeopardize its survival. Faced with a severe cash squeeze caused by its rapid expansion just as the airline business went into a steep slump, the company is hurrying to complete a deal with its lenders, suppliers and bondholders before it has to make $200 million in debt payments in the next two months. At the same time it is discussing selling a big stake to one or more outside investors, including the General Electric Company of the United States.
p638
aVIn a defeat for newspaper publishers and other information companies, a Federal appeals court in Washington today upheld a lower court ruling in 1991 that the regional Bell telephone companies are allowed to own information services. The unanimous decision by the three-judge panel leaves the seven "Baby Bells" free to offer services like electronic Yellow Pages, news services and financial information over their telephone lines.
p639
aVChilled by the uncertainty of future interest rates, stock market investors returned yesterday to the trading range that has characterized the market for the last several weeks. The Dow Jones industrial average fell slightly, while other major indexes were mixed in relatively heavy trading.
p640
aVA new recruit at Dillon, Read & Company is the latest evidence that Wall Street is trying to cash in on the corporate upheavals initiated by major investors. The investment bank has hired Lilli A. Gordon, a leading provider of intellectual ammunition to rebellious shareholders, to put her ideas into practice by working on makeovers and takeovers. Ms. Gordon, whose Boston-area consulting firm bears her name, has provided research and advice for pension funds that have sought to shake up passive boards, overthrow chief executives and redirect wayward companies, including Westinghouse Electric, Eastman Kodak and I.B.M. According to her findings, major investors who take responsibility for improving corporate performance can reap superior long-term results. Such activists as Ms. Gordon are the milder-mannered successors to the corporate raiders of the 1980's, who often sought to wrest outright control from management.
p641
aVNeeding a factory to build a new generation of engines, Audi, the German car maker, spent years considering sites in Spain, France, Austria and eastern Germany, among others. It finally made a choice that is becoming increasingly common among Western manufacturers: Eastern Europe. In particular, Audi and many other manufacturers have picked this Hungarian region 30 miles from the Austrian border to take advantage of sharply lower labor costs and access to Western markets.
p642
asS'199306'
p643
(lp644
VThe General Electric Company may cut another 1,000 jobs from its embattled aircraft engines division and abandon the largest building in its manufacturing complex in Evendale, Ohio, near Cincinnati, according to a report in The Cincinnati Enquirer. In its report, the newspaper said an internal G.E. cost-cutting study had recommended moving final engine assembly operations to other plants in Kansas and North Carolina. The moves could eliminate another 1,000 jobs in the Cincinnati area, on top of the 2,500 hourly and salaried positions the company cut in February.
p645
aVThe General Motors Corporation has filed an application with the California Air Resources Board to certify its Impact electric car as a "zero emission" vehicle as mandated by California standards starting in 1998.
p646
aVHarold A. Poling, the chairman of the Ford Motor Company, said today that Ford, General Motors and Chrysler were close to announcing a partnership to build an electric vehicle. Mr. Poling said an announcement was likely within a few weeks but refused to provide any details. A joint-venture electric car could help the auto makers better meet a 1998 California deadline that requires 2 percent of all vehicles sold there to have zero emissions.
p647
aVThe General Electric Company's GE Aircraft Engines unit said yesterday that it would consolidate its aircraft engine operations by moving a number of aircraft engine jobs to other plants from the Evendale, Ohio, factory. The company said about 1,400 jobs will be cut at its Evendale plant in 1994 because of a decline in volume. It also said it would close its Aircraft Engines' Speciality Component Manufacturing Center in Seattle by the first quarter of 1994, affecting about 200 jobs. GE Aircraft Engines said its consolidation would begin in January and the majority of the transfers would be complete by the end of 1994.
p648
aVAs Western companies spend less time searching Eastern Europe for new deals and more time scrambling to make existing investments pan out, Volkswagen A.G.'s acquisition of the Skoda automobile plant here suggests that with a clear strategy, attention to detail and some political support, the region can be profitable for the determined. With high-profile investments like the General Electric Company's acquisition of Tungsram, the Hungarian light-bulb maker, and Phibro Energy's involvement in the Russian oil industry floundering, Volkswagen after two years is already turning a modest operating profit building Skoda cars. Gains From Cheap Labor The German auto maker's plans to invest nearly $5 billion in Skoda by the end of the decade make the deal the largest firm corporate commitment in the former Soviet bloc. VW is capitalizing on low labor costs to build low-priced cars not just for the Czech Republic but for export to Germany, Britain, Greece, Turkey and other nations.
p649
aVPratt & Whitney, the big Hartford-based builder of jet engines for military and civilian aircraft, has reached out to an airplane maker to run its large commercial engine division. Pratt, a division of United Technologies, said yesterday that it had named James T. Johnson, a longtime manager at the Boeing Company, as an executive vice president of Pratt and president of the company's large commercial engine division.
p650
aVThe Martin Marietta Corporation said yesterday that it would lay off about 95 employees at plants in Syracuse and Utica, N.Y., that produce radar and sensor equipment. In Syracuse, the company will lay off 25 people, primarily because of the loss of a United States Navy contract last year for an antisubmarine warfare sonar system. The plant now employs about 3,100 workers.
p651
aVThorn EMI P.L.C., Britain's largest music group, said today that it had agreed to sell its lighting division for $:162 million, or $244.5 million, to Investcorp, a Bahrain-based international investment bank that owns Saks Fifth Avenue. Thorn said the sale, expected to be compled by July 30, was part of a strategy begun in the late 1980's to shed noncore businesses and concentrate on its main earners, music and the rental of electronic equipment.
p652
aVThe Digital Equipment Corporation, continuing efforts to pare costs, said today that it had agreed to sell its leasing business in the United States to the GE Capital Corporation, the financial services subsidiary of the General Electric Company. The agreement calls for GE Capital to take over servicing Digital's leasing customers, providing financial and sales support, billing, collections and administrative support.
p653
aVThe Boeing Company said today that it had received an order from the Japan Air System Company for seven 777 wide-body airliners, valued at $820 million including spare parts and support. Deliveries are to begin in the third quarter of 1996. Boeing said the Japanese carrier had not yet chosen an engine for the 300-seat planes.
p654
asS'199307'
p655
(lp656
VThe General Electric Company has named the head of its former aerospace division, Eugene F. Murphy, as president and chief executive of the division that makes jet engines for airliners and military aircraft. He succeeds Brian H. Rowe, who will remain chairman of the unit until his retirement at the end of next year. Mr. Murphy, who is 57, was chief executive of G.E.'s aerospace division until it was acquired by the Martin Marietta Corporation on April 2. Before that he headed the company's communications and services businesses.
p657
aVLed by its finance, broadcast, appliance, electrical equipment and plastics divisions, the General Electric Company reported a 9.7 percent increase in second-quarter earnings, to $1.33 billion. The company said its profit margin for continuing businesses was a record 14.2 percent in the quarter, up from 12.8 percent for the quarter a year earlier. It said earnings of its long-troubled appliance division were "much higher" because of gains in productivity, despite flat revenues.
p658
aVThe General Electric Company plans to take a one-time, after-tax charge of $862 million, or $1.01 a share, for the first quarter to reflect adoption of new accounting rules requiring the company to estimate the liability of severance benefits before they are paid to employees. The charge will be reflected in a restatement of first-quarter earnings. G.E.'s earnings of $1.16 billion, or $1.36 a share, will drop to $298 million, or 35 cents a share, when restated.
p659
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its Industrial and Power Systems unit had signed a $1.2 billion contract to build the world's largest power station for the Tokyo Electric Power Company. The contract calls for the company to build a 2,800-megawatt combined-cycle power station in Yokohama, Japan, to begin commercial service in the mid-1990's.
p660
aVThorn EMI P.L.C. confirmed yesterday, after weeks of speculation, that it was in talks with the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain on a sale of its military electronics unit. G.E.C. declined to comment on the Thorn EMI announcement. Thorn's military business employs 4,300 workers. Its main operations involve battlefield and aircraft radar, electro-optics and fuses for weaponry. Sir Colin Southgate, Thorn's chairman, has said the company is eager to divest itself of its Thorn Security division in addition to the military electronics business. Thorn sold its lighting division last month for $:162 million, or $240 million, to a Bahrain investment bank.
p661
aVBritish Aerospace P.L.C. and the General Electric Company of Britain, rival military contractors, said yesterday that they had talks that focused on "fuller collaboration" in recent months, but that they had ended with no merger. In a joint statement, the companies rebutted an article in The Sunday Times of London that reported they might join forces. G.E.C. is not related to the General Electric Company in the United States.
p662
aVCFM INTERNATIONAL, a joint venture between General Electric Co. and the French national engine maker Snecma, won a $187 million contract to supply 59 jet engines for installation on United States Air Force planes.
p663
aVBritish Aerospace P.L.C. and the General Electric Company of Britain are in preliminary merger talks that may eventually lead to the creation of the world's biggest military electronics company, The Sunday Times of London reported today. The aviation and electronics giants, which already have close links in the military business, described the report as "speculative" and declined to comment further.
p664
aVThe Martin Marietta Corporation will eliminate up to 465 jobs over the next five years in the Albany area because of military industry cutbacks. The cuts are projected to affect up to 15 percent of the 3,150-member work force at the company's Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory, outside of Schenectady, and the Kenneth A. Kesselring Site in nearby West Milton, Norman R. Augustine, the chairman of the company, said. "Our industry is having a wrenching experience," he said. "I characterize the defense budget not as being in a free fall, but in a power dive." The cuts are expected to come mostly through attrition and are based on current Federal military projections. Deeper cuts in military spending could mean more job losses, Mr. Augustine said.
p665
aVFOLIO CORP., Provo, Utah, a unit of Mead Data Central Inc., named Tracy W. Scott president and chief executive. GE CAPITAL, Stamford, Conn., a unit of General Electric Co., named Nigel D. T. Andrews executive vice president.
p666
asS'199308'
p667
(lp668
VGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its plastics division had formed a unit in China, because of expected strong demand for thermoplastic resins. GENERAL MOTORS CORP., Detroit, said its German unit, Adam Opel A.G., would get state, government and European Community cash for opening a new diesel engine production line in Rhineland Palatinate, Germany.
p669
aVThe GPA Group P.L.C. expects to complete a deal within a few days under which it would be rescued from its financial difficulties by a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, aviation industry executives said today. The executives said that on completion of the deal, to which the companies agreed in principle in May, Tony Ryan, GPA's founder and chairman, would relinquish his duties overseeing the finances of the aircraft-leasing company. But they said he would be appointed chairman of a new company, GE Capital Aviation Management Ltd., which would be in charge of the commercial aircraft-leasing activities of both GPA and GE Capital, which is based in Stamford, Conn.
p670
aVThe British music company Thorn EMI P.L.C. said yesterday that it had failed to sell its military division to the General Electric Company P.L.C. as part of its strategy of getting rid of noncore businesses. It said in a brief statement that talks with G.E.C. had been inconclusive and had ended. The division employs about 4,300 workers and involves battlefield and aircraft radar, electronic surveillance optics and fuses for weapons. Thorn gave no details of why the talks had broken down and G.E.C. declined to comment.
p671
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would trim 4,000 jobs from its jet engine division to help it weather a slump in orders from military and commercial aircraft manufacturers. At least half the cutbacks will take place at GE Aircraft Engines' headquarters in Cincinnati, and most will be made by the end of the year. The rest will be scattered throughout the division's operations worldwide.
p672
aVThe General Electric Company won a landmark industrial espionage case here today and said it would seek an injunction barring a Korean company from using the stolen technology at issue in the trial. A Federal jury decided after the three-week trial that the Iljin Corporation of Korea and its chairman, Chin Kyu Huh, had used stolen G.E. technology to build a multimillion-dollar industrial diamond business.
p673
aVGE Capital agreed yesterday to acquire the Shearson Lehman Hutton Mortgage Corporation from Lehman Brothers Holdings for about $70 million. Shearson Lehman Hutton Mortgage is a mortgage company, based in California, with a $17.5 billion servicing portfolio. GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company, currently manages a $42 billion mortgage servicing portfolio.
p674
aVThe GE Capital Corporation has bought a Scandinavian consumer finance company from the Wasa Group of Sweden for $387.5 million in cash and assumed debt. GE Capital, the huge financial services arm of the General Electric Company, said the purchase price for Finax Group included $125 million in cash and $262.5 million of assumed debt. Finax consists of a consumer finance company in Norway and four companies in Sweden that provide unsecured personal loans and credit cards to some 400,000 customers.
p675
aVGPA Group P.L.C., the world's largest aircraft lessor, said yesterday that it expected the GE Capital Corporation's rescue package to be completed by mid-October at the latest. "The talks are taking longer than anticipated, and the legalities are far more complicated than previously expected," a GPA spokesman, P. J. Mara, said. Bankers close to the negotiations had expected the rescue package between General Electric Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company, and GPA to be completed by the end of August. GPA also said it was reducing its global work force to 185 from 233.
p676
aVThe Sunbeam-Oster Company today elected Roger W. Schipke, the chairman of Ryland Group, as its new chief executive, ending a seven-month search set off in January when Sunbeam's board abruptly ousted the controversial chairman who had rescued the company from bankruptcy. Just last week, Sunbeam, the maker of small home appliances, paid the former chairman, Paul B. Kazarian, $160 million for his stake in the company. More significantly, that purchase also settled a $3.2 billion lawsuit filed against Sunbeam by Mr. Kazarian in June. He had charged the company with conspiring to overthrow him, denying him earnings owed and smearing his reputation.
p677
aVIs the corporate president an endangered species in high-tech America? John F. Welch Jr., chairman of General Electric, has long resisted having one. Two weeks ago, Louis V. Gerstner Jr., I.B.M.'s new chairman, said he had no intention of picking a president. And yesterday, another big computer company, the Unisys Corporation, said it was eliminating its president's position as part of a reorganization.
p678
asS'199309'
p679
(lp680
VMichael D. Madden is returning to Kidder, Peabody & Company, four years after the investment banker left the firm while it was in turmoil as its owner, the General Electric Company, began to exercise more control. Kidder said yesterday that Mr. Madden was returning with a plan to use the G.E. connection for Kidder's benefit.
p681
aVThe GPA Group, the debt-ridden Irish aircraft-leasing company, said today that after months of negotiations, it had reached agreement with its lenders and other financial backers on a previously announced rescue plan. The plan would leave GPA under the effective control of the General Electric Company's GE Capital subsidiary, which would hold an option to buy a stake of about two-thirds of the leasing company.
p682
aVThe Federal Trade Commission said yesterday that it would seek a Federal court order temporarily blocking the General Electric Company's planned acquisition of the Chrysler Corporation's boxcar fleet. The agency said it would allege the acquisition would significantly decrease competition in the United States and Canadian boxcar operating lease market. The G.E. and Chrysler units are the two largest lessors of boxcars in the United States, the F.T.C. said.
p683
aVThis is the city where the General Electric Company was born a century ago. But its factories this Labor Day invite suspicions that the company might not be here much longer. Weeds grow in the fissured asphalt of the plants G.E. has closed around town, and most gates to the ones that remain open are chained shut because the gatekeepers have been dismissed. At G.E.'s main site here, the green stuff bordering the visitors' parking lot is not grass but a low-maintenance plastic coated with grit. G.E.-Lynn has been reduced to a single business, making engines for small jet aircraft, and the work force here has been halved since the mid-1980's, to 6,200, with more cuts to come soon.
p684
aVThe White House and the Big Three auto companies will announce today a radical new approach to car technology and Government-industry relations, under which Washington will give Detroit technology that originated in weapons programs, and Detroit will strive to build a car that goes three times farther than current models on the same amount of fuel. Washington is already working with the auto makers on various technologies, but the new agreement, to be announced at a White House ceremony with President Clinton, Vice President Al Gore and the chief executives of General Motors, Ford and Chrysler, will set a unifying 10-year goal: very high fuel economy that far exceeds the regulatory requirements. 'Rewriting the Book' "We think it's an enormous breakthrough," Mr. Gore said of the partnership in a telephone interview last night. "The goal has been consciously set at a point that lies beyond what we know how to do with current systems."
p685
aVThe Martin Marietta Corporation, which last year bought the General Electric Company's aerospace electronics division, said yesterday that it would close 12 production sites and eliminate 11,000 jobs nationwide this year to consolidate the two businesses. The move, which had been expected for months, is the latest sign that the pain and layoffs of a shrinking weapons industry are far from finished. The announcement came the same day large layoffs were announced in the airline and hazardous-waste disposal industries. [ Page D3. ]
p686
aVHeavy program trading and concerns about corporate earnings battered stocks yesterday, a "triple witching" day on which Big Board volume was the highest of the year and among the heaviest in history. After having lost nearly 30 points by midafternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average recovered somewhat to close down 17.60 points, at 3,613.25, thanks to a spurt of late buy orders.
p687
aVAs the battle for control of Paramount Communications Inc. continues between Viacom Inc. and QVC Network Inc., a handful of savvy media investors with holdings in one, two or all three companies could hardly be mistaken for disinterested observers. Still, even though an eventual deal could yield their clients millions of dollars in profits, at this stage these money managers are remarkably dispassionate in their analysis of the bids. Edward Antoian, a portfolio manager at the Delaware Management Company, may be the most stoic.
p688
aVThe fight for Paramount Communications Inc. is a reminder of better times for Wall Street's takeover speculators, a group that since the hectic, epically profitable days of the 1980's has either evolved or withered away. Stock arbitragers rode the crest of that decade's merger and acquisition wave but found their ranks dwindling after the stock market crashed in October 1987. And two years after that, their business took a nearly fatal blow when the financing went awry on a leveraged buyout of the UAL Corporation. The collapse of that deal took other merger stocks -- and many arbitragers -- down with it.
p689
aVFALLING interest rates have created a warm feeling through the bond market that has spilled over to companies that specialize in insuring municipal bonds. Shares of MBIA Inc. and Ambac Inc., the largest and third-largest companies respectively in the municipal bond insurance business, rose sharply Friday to close at their highest prices in a year.
p690
asS'198309'
p691
(lp692
VThe General Electric Company will lay off 1,200 workers for several weeks as it adjusts to a drop in its transformer business, a company spokesman said. The spokesman, Bruce Farren, said the company needed the furloughs because there were few orders for large transformers.
p693
aVPrimefax Inc. announced the signing of agreements with the General Electric Company, Montgomery Ward & Company and the RCA Service Company under which they will test the Primefax television repair information system at nearly 80 service centers nationwide this year.
p694
aVBroken Hill Financing For G.E.'s Coal Assets MELBOURNE, Australia, Sept. 19 (Reuters) - The Broken Hill Proprietary Company said today that it was arranging for financing of up to $1.13 billion for the acquisition by itself, and possibly others, of Utah International Inc.'s Queensland coal assets from the General Electric Company. G. E. announced in June that it had reached a tentative agreement to sell Utah International, a leading producer of metallurgical coal in Australia, to Broken Hill for $2.4 billion in cash.
p695
aVA Federal grand jury sitting in Manhattan indicted two former executives of the General Dynamics Corporation yesterday on charges they accepted $2.7 million in kickbacks, part of a $5 million embezzlement scheme involving General Dynamics and the now-defunct Frigitemp Corporation. William M. Tendy, Acting United States Attorney, charged that they took the money in return for securing for Frigitemp more than $45 million of subcontracting work on tankers and submarines. The vessels were built at the General Dynamics shipyards in Quincy, Mass., and Groton, Conn. Also indicted were two former executives of Frigitemp, who were charged with arranging and paying the kickbacks.
p696
aVIn a major victory for the General Dynamics Corporation, the Turkish Ministry of Defense said yesterday that it would buy the F-16 jet fighter, made by General Dynamics, to modernize its air force. Turkish military sources said that the Government would buy some 160 planes for an estimated $4 billion over 10 years. It was the first time since the mid 1970's that General Dynamics' F-16 had won an international competition over the F-18, made jointly by the Northrop Corporation and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation. In St. Louis, General Dynamics said that while it had not yet been told officially, it understood that it had won and that negotiations between the United States and Turkey would be held over the next three months.
p697
aVTiger International Inc., which has been working for months to overcome a huge debt burden, said that its North American Rail Car Corporation and Tiger Air Inc. subsidiaries had reached debt restructuring agreements with lenders. The company, which last month said it would sell a large portion of North American to the General Electric Credit Corporation for $140 million, said it had signed a purchase and loan agreement completing the deal.
p698
aVThe Walter E. Heller International Corporation, a financial holding company that has specialized in lending to small and middle-sized companies, said today that its directors had voted to liquidate the concern and distribute the proceeds to its shareholders. Citing uncertainty over earnings and interest rates until the dissolution becomes effective sometime in 1984, Franklin A. Cole, Heller's chairman, said in a statement that the company could not ''project proceeds likely to be distributed to common shareholders.'' But analysts said they expected the owners to receive between $30 and $32 a share.
p699
aV* Ampal-American Israel Corp. has elected Ephraim Reiner chairman following the resignation of Jacob Levinson. * Anderson Clayton, Houston, has elected R. F. Harris vice president- industrial.
p700
aVDebt Issues * Pacific Gas and Electric filed for an offering of $250 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds due in 2016, through Morgan Stanley & Co. Debt Ratings * Arizona Public Service Co.'s ratings on its first mortgage bonds, secured pollution control bonds and preferred stock were lowered to Baa2, from A3, by Moody's Investors Service, which also lowered the rating on unsecured debentures issued by a subsidiary, APS Finance N.V., to Baa3, from Baa1. Moody's said the downgrading was prompted by the rate order issued Wednesday by the Arizona Corporation Commission, which granted only 51 percent of the amount the company had requested. ''Arizona Public Service already suffers from poor cash flow, low-quality earnings and fixed-charge coverage ratios as a result of the financial burden of its 29 percent participation in the Palo Verde nuclear project,'' Moody's said.
p701
aVDebt Issues Circle K Corp. filed an offering of $40 million of convertible subordinated debentures due in 2003 through Bear, Stearns & Co. * Clark Equipment Co. is offering $75 million of 13 percent notes due in 1993 through Goldman, Sachs & Co. Debt Ratings * First Oklahoma Bancorp's commercial paper was lowered to a rating of A2 from A1 by Standard & Poor's.
p702
asS'198308'
p703
(lp704
VThe General Electric Company won an $83.2 million Army contract for 385 T-700 series gas turbine engines, the Defense Department said. The Army also awarded $25.2 million to the Martin Marietta Corporation's Martin Marietta Aluminum Inc. to operate and maintain a Government- owned, contractor-operated facility, the department said.
p705
aVThe Ford Motor Company will put an all- plastic bumper that needs no metal reinforcement or backing bar on some 1984 subcompacts, the company said. The new bumper, the first in the United States to use a blend of polycarbonate and polyester made by the General Electric Company, would be lighter than conventional metal bumpers and resistant to corrosion, a Ford spokesman, Jim Olson, said.
p706
aNaNaVB y STEVEN J. MARCUS David I. Smith has worked for the General Electric Company for more than 40 years. Employed at the Transportation Systems division in Erie, Pa., he is an expert on the diagnosis and repair of locomotives and is considered one of the company's top field-service engineers. But Mr. Smith's expertise is a scarce resource. His help is often needed in many different places at once, and he is in great demand, far in excess of his availability, for training young engineers across the country. When Mr. Smith retires, moreover, his knowledge would normally leave the company with him.
p707
aVIN March 1977, brokers across the nation began hawking bonds to build two nuclear power plants in the State of Washington. The initial issue of $145 million, like most ''munis,'' sold well because of its tax-free interest income and its presumed safety. This ritual was re-enacted 13 more times, and by the spring of 1981, the Washington Public Power Supply System had sold $2.25 billion in bonds for the two plants. Major Wall Street investment houses, in the time-honored tradition of underwriting, bought the bonds and resold them at a profit, frequently to small investors who were saving for retirement and considered the paper gilt-edged. While the bond sales were taking place, however, basic questions were being raised about the economic viability of the power plants. One warning, in fact, was sounded by the Seattle City Council before the first bond was ever sold, when it decided not to be a customer for the electricity that the two nuclear plants were to produce. The decision was based on a detailed study that said demand for electricity in the Northwest could be met through conservation and simpler power plants.
p708
aVUtility regulators in Connecticut yesterday reached a preliminary decision to order the two major electric companies in that state to seek cancellation of the Seabrook 2 nuclear power project in New Hampshire. Connecticut's Department of Public Utilities Control thus joins the New Hampshire Public Service Commission in seeking an end to the project. The plant could be canceled with the approval of owners of 80 percent of the project. But the Public Service Company of New Hampshire, the utility which owns 35 percent, and thus holds a veto on any cancellation, has insisted on completion.
p709
aVThe executive board of the Washington Public Power Supply System voted today to allow the utility to file civil suits against electrical contractors and thus try to recover damages from possible antitrust violations. The Justice Department has accused several electrical contracting companies in the Northwest of illegally conspiring to rig bids on certain utility construction projects. Some of the contractors, all of whom have denied the charges, worked for the supply system.
p710
aVA $230 million issue of Muscatine, Iowa, electric revenue refunding bonds, rated Baa-1/A-, is offered with a maximum yield of 10 5/8 percent for bonds due in 2008 through underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company. For other maturities, yields range from 7 percent to 10.2 percent for serial bonds due in 1985-96 as well as 10.41 percent for 10 3/8 percent bonds due in 2001 and 10.25 percent for 7 percent bonds due in 2013.
p711
aVSingapore's national airline said it would buy Pratt & Whitney engines valued at $275 million for 16 aircraft it has ordered.
p712
asS'198307'
p713
(lp714
NaNaVIN this age of high technology, the way electricity is produced remains relatively primitive. ''It's comparable to how we used to calculate before we had computers,'' says Jack T. Brown, manager of Advanced Energy Conversion Systems at the Westinghouse Electric Corporation. But with a ceramic tube the size of a policeman's nightstick, he and his colleagues plan to revolutionize the generation and distribution of energy. The tube is the basic unit of a new design for fuel cells, which are battery-like devices that generate electricity from gaseous fuels without having to burn them. In contrast to the usual electromechanical ways of producing largescale electricity - boiling water to drive generators - fuel cells are based on electrochemistry: The combination of the reactants (the fuel) and oxidants (from the air), facilitated by the fuel cell's materials, emits electrons that produce electricity.
p715
aNaVThe General Electric Company of Britain said today that profits rose 9 percent in the year ended March 31, to 389 million, or the equivalent of $596 million, from 358 million a year earlier.
p716
aV* Atlantic Richfield Co. said the French chemical companies PCUK and Chloe Chimie had agreed to transfer their polyurethane polyol business to its Arco Chemical Co. division. * Emerson Electric Co. said it had agreed in principle to acquire Vacco Industries, South El Monte, Calif., for $23 million.
p717
aV* Chrysler Canada Ltd. said it had agreed to import and distribute vehicles made by Automobiles Peugeot of France, and that beginning Oct.1, it would have exclusive distribution rights. * General Electric Co. said it had signed contracts totaling $23.6 million to supply two gas turbines and accessory equipment and services for cogeneration facilities in Norway and the Netherlands. * General Motors of Canada said it had deferred the conversion of its Oshawa, Ontario, full-sized car assembly plant to the production of front-wheel-drive, midsize vehicles because of continuing consumer demand for full-size cars.
p718
aVThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that hightechnology sales and a rebound in consumer durables sales contributed to record second-quarter earnings. The company said net income increased by 12 percent, to $521 million, or $1.15 a share, from $465 million, or $1.03 a share, in the second quarter last year. Earnings per share reflected a 2-for-1 stock split in April, the company said. Sales in the second quarter were up 1.4 percent, to $6.72 billion, from $6.63 billion last year. But the chairman, John F. Welch Jr., said the sales figure ''does not fully reflect the effect of the domestic recovery on G.E.'s operations.''
p719
aVThe Reynolds Metals Company reported yesterday that it had a second-quarter loss of $69.1 million, which included a $52.7 million charge for the estimated cost of write-offs associated with the planned closing of several factories. In the corresponding quarter a year ago, the company, based in Richmond, earned $25.5 million, or $1.29 a share. Reynolds is the country's second-largest producer of aluminum after the Aluminum Company of America.
p720
aV* Triangle Industries announced that it would file later this month for an offering of subordinated debentures, and warrants to purchase common stock, but no further details were available. Common Stock * AIA Industries, parent company of American International Airways, said its initial public offering of 2.2 million shares was priced at $10 a share, through Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc. * Allied Capital Corp. filed for an offering of one million shares, through Shearson/American Express Inc.
p721
asS'198306'
p722
(lp723
VTOKYO THE Japanese economy, while still the pacesetter among the major industrialized nations, is boxed in. The roads to future growth seem blocked. Restraints in various guises already curb the flow of more than half of its exports. Because the Government is worried about large budget deficits, fiscal austerity is the order of the day. With the yen weak and ever-present complaints from trading partners, stimulating the economy by reducing interest rates is difficult since it would soften the yen further, making Japanese exports cheaper in foreign markets.
p724
aV* American Electric Power Inc.'s Indiana & Michigan Electric Co. subsidiary announced that it would sell, from time to time, up to $70 million of first mortgage bonds and up to $25 million of $25 par value preferred stock at competitive bidding on or about July 27. * Citicorp said an average rate of 9.355 percent was set at the weekly auction of its 91-day commercial paper, up from 9.33 percent at last week's auction. * Digicon Inc.'s offering of 35,000 units consisting of $35 million of 12 7/8 percent senior subordinated notes due in 1993 and warrants to purchase 945,000 common shares is under way through Drexel Burnham Lambert.
p725
aVThis rural town, more than 100 miles northwest of cosmopolitan Tokyo, seems an unlikely place for corporate Japan to teach worldly executives how to function in an international arena that has become increasingly hostile to Japan's economic advance. But that is why the International University of Japan opened here in April. ''In the future, Japan will need more international men,'' said Ko Tashiro, secretary general of the two-year postgraduate school. ''This university is to educate such people.''
p726
aV* Caterpillar Tractor Co.'s Towmotor Corp. unit signed a contract with Daewoo Heavy Industries Ltd., Seoul, to manufacture in South Korea lift trucks to be marketed internationally under the Caterpillar trademark. * Florida Power and Light Co. said it had been awarded a full operating license by the Nuclear Power Commission for the second unit of its St. Lucie plant.
p727
aVAn executive of the General Electric Company had been tapped by UMC Industries to be its president and chief operating officer. Edwin F. Phelps, 49, general manager of the energy applications program at G.E., succeeds H. Ridgely Bullock in the UMC position, effective July 1. Mr. Bullock, 49, continues as chairman and chief executive.
p728
aVThe General Electric Company today announced a three-year plant consolidation plan in which it will close 10 facilities in five states and reduce its work force by 1,400. According to a statement issued by Ralph Ketchum, senior vice president of G.E.'s Lighting Business Group, the company plans to spend $250 million in the three years ''in significant facility and equipment revitalization and related expense at a number of its United States lighting plants.''
p729
aVDavid Packard, co-founder of the Hewlett-Packard Company, likes to keep his hand in. Yesterday, for example, he was in New York at a show of company computer products ''doing a little work,'' as he put it. Mr. Packard and William R. Hewlett are no longer involved in the day-to-day operations of Hewlett-Packard, the Palo Alto, Calif., technology company they founded in 1939 with $595. Today, the company has sales of more than $4 billion. Mr. Hewlett is vice chairman and Mr. Packard chairman. John A. Young is the president and chief executive.
p730
aVThe Synthetic Fuels Corporation announced today that it would provide $120 million in guarantees for a California project to convert coal to gas, the first financial commitment the corporation has made since Congress created it in 1980. The corporation, which has already spent nearly $50 million on administrative costs, said after a board meeting that it would support the Cool Water Coal Gasification Project already under construction in Daggett, Calif. The plant will burn synthetic gas to generate electricity equal to the power produced from 4,300 barrels of oil a day. Initial electric output at the $300 million plant is expected next year.
p731
aVManagers of the four largest private utilities in the Pacific Northwest are seeking a way to keep construction moving on a nuclear plant that the Washington Public Power Supply System has said it would mothball. The executives are meeting with lawyers over the weekend and will present a plan to the supply system on Monday. The utilities have backed 30 percent of the $1.6 billion in bonds floated to construct the system's Unit 3, now 74 percent complete.
p732
aV* AGS Computers Inc., Mountainside, N.J., announced that it had completed the acquisition of Disc Inc., a Baltimore-based software products company, for $6.9 million in cash and notes. * Biotech Research Laboratories Inc., Rockville, Md., said it had developed a commercial assay kit for the detection of the antibody to human T-cell leukemia virus, and that the kit would be available to medical researchers immediately. * Cordis Corp., Miami, announced that its 50 percent stake in Cordis Dow Corp., a maker of artificial kidneys, was up for sale.
p733
asS'198305'
p734
(lp735
NaVThe Monsanto Company said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the 33.5 percent interest in Fisher Controls International Inc. that it does not own from the General Electric Company P.L.C., a British company, for $178 million. Fisher, based in St. Louis, makes industrial control systems.
p736
aV* American Broadcasting Cos. said it had completed the acquisition of the stock outstanding of Compute Publications Inc. in exchange for 327,000 newly issued ABC common shares. * G.D. Searle & Co. said it had established, effective May 15, Searle U.S. Consumer Products division, a separate unit to be headed by Marcel C. Durot, a vice president.
p737
aVWALTERBORO, S.C., is a poor, sleepy, rural community of 6,100 peoples et about 50 miles from Charleston. It was named for the Walters b rothers, who migrated there in the late 1700's to escape the m osquitoes farther south. Getting sick, though, was what modern day inhabitants dreaded most. That meant checking into the red-brick building over on Lemacks Street - the Colleton Regional Hospital, the only hospital in the county. It was a dim affair. Rooms leaked when it rained. Plaster was peeling off the walls. Squadrons of roaches, mice and rats competed for space. Some of the equipment seemed fit for a museum. Well-to-do denizens simply hopped in their cars and drove to Charleston and were healed there. Then, near the end of 1980, corporate medicine came to Walterboro. And last March, a spiffy new 145-bed hospital opened its doors on Robertson Boulevard. Its proprietor is not the community, but the Hospital Corporation of America, a for-profit public company that rules over the nation's largest hospital system.
p738
aVThe A.H. Belo Corporation, Dallas, announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to buy radio stations KOA-FM and KOAQ-FM - both in Denver - from the General Electric Broadcasting Company, a unit of the General Electric Company, for $22 million. Belo, which publishes The Dallas Morning News and seven community papers in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, currently owns two radio stations in Dallas and several television stations. In a separate announcement, Belo said it had terminated discussions with the Gaylord Broadcasting Company to purchase television station WVUE in New Orleans.
p739
aVCurtiss-Wright has received $15.28 million from the General Electric Company in settlement of all outstanding disputes between them, the two companies said in a statement. Litigation involving contracts that required Curtiss-Wright to supply large components to G.E. had been pending in the United States District Court in New Jersey since 1976 and trial had been set for last month. The payment will add about $5.4 million to Curtiss-Wright's aftertax earnings in the second quarter but will not affect G.E.'s earnings, they said.
p740
aVFor the third time in his career, Robert C. Wright is signing on with the General Electric Company. After leaving in 1979 to head Cox Cable Communications, Mr. Wright is returning to G.E. as vice president and general manager of its housewares and audio business division. During an in-flight phone call placed yesterday from a jet somewhere between Las Vegas and Atlanta, Mr. Wright recalled that he originally joined G.E. as an attorney and then took a leave of absence to clerk for a Federal judge. He then entered private practice before returning to G.E., he said. When he did, he worked his way up to general manager of the plastics sales department.
p741
aVThe Justice Department today filed its first criminal charges in a five-state antitrust investigation into bid-rigging on electrical construction. Attorney General William French Smith said a felony information was filed in United States District Court in Asheville, N.C., against the M.B. Haynes Electric Corporation of Asheville and its chairman and chief executive, Nathaniel E. Cannady Jr.
p742
aVThe International Business Machines Corporation introduced a new medium-sized general purpose computer today as an eventual replacement for its existing System/34 model. The new computer, called the System/36, will have 20 percent to 70 percent better performance than the System/34, which was introduced in 1977 and will now be phased out of production, I.B.M. said. The company made its announcement at the National Computer Conference, which opened here today.
p743
aVRobert P. Burrows 3d has been named president of the Rawlings Sporting Goods Company of St. Louis. Mr. Burrows, 36, comes to Rawlings, which is a unit of Figgie International, after nine years with Booz, Allen & Hamilton, the management consultants. He succeeds Donald Olesen, who becomes a consultant in Figgie's consumer group.
p744
asS'198304'
p745
(lp746
NaNaNaNaVThe General Electric Company, the diversified high-technology concern and the country's leading producer of electrical products, said yesterday that earnings in the first quarter of 1983 increased 12.7 percent, while sales rose 1.3 percent. The company, which is based in Fairfield, Conn., said that net income in the latest three months advanced to $425 million, or $1.87 a share, from $377 million, or $1.66 a share, in the first quarter of 1982. Sales moved up to $6.10 billion from $6.02 billion.
p747
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, citing a decline in shipments of products to industrial customers, said yesterday that net income in the first quarter dropped 19.4 percent, while sales slipped 2.1 percent. Westinghouse, the nation's second-largest producer of electrical products after the General Electric Company, said earnings in the latest three months fell to $100.3 million, or $1.13 a share, from $124.4 million, or $1.44 a share, in the quarter a year before. Revenue slipped to $2.29 billion from $2.34 billion. Westinghouse said sales by its energy and advanced technology group increased slightly, while its broadcasting and cable group had strong sales increases. Sales of the company's commercial group were about even with last year, while earnings of the Westinghouse Credit Corporation advanced sharply.
p748
aVA spotless, light beige carpet stretches like a sea of tranquillity across the executive floor of the Morgan Bank. The walls are paneled in genuine, not-too-highly-polished oak. The baseboards are of green marble. Huge oil portraits of Morgan's past chairmen peer across the chamber from gilt frames. An antique grandfather clock, with wood inlay, quietly ticks away the hours. This perception of orderliness and this aura of perfection are the trademarks of the House of Morgan and of its two primary components - J.P. Morgan & Company, the holding company, and the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, the bank. Morgan is so well run and so profitable that it is the paragon of the banking industry. Bankers Trust openly tries to emulate it, and even Walter B. Wriston, Citicorp's supremely self-confident chairman, often uses Morgan as a model of profitability and a yardstick by which to measure how well a bank is run. Last year, for example, Morgan - the nation's fifth-largest bank holding company with assets of $58.6 billion - earned 78 cents on each $100 of average assets, more than any other of the 15 largest bank holding companies.
p749
aVIN the 1960's, Cesar Chavez and the grape pickers organized a bitter nationwide campaign that led to widespread consumer boycotts, the founding of the United Farm Workers and the unionization of part of California's agribusiness. In the 1970's, it was the Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers Union at J.P. Stevens that won broadbased support from unions and consumers in its campaign for the first collective bargaining contract in the company's history. Now, in the 1980's, if some of the nation's major unions have their way, the public's attention - and that of the Federal Government as well - will turn to the labor practices of Litton Industries, the Beverly Hills, Calif.-based conglomerate that makes everything from microwave ovens and cash registers to guided missile and computerized security systems. ''Litton has the dubious distinction of having displaced J.P. Stevens as America's No.1 labor law violator,'' said William W. Winpisinger, president of the International Association of Machinists, which represents 3,246 Litton workers. ''Although Litton operates under many names in many locations, its pattern of unionbusting is the same everywhere.''
p750
aVA reviving economy, lower interest rates and drastically pared operating costs are beginning to have a healthy impact on corporate profitability. All the results for the first quarter are not yet in. Major retailers and the oil companies, which account for about one-third of corporate profits, have not begun to report, for example. But earnings reports released thus far have led economists and other analysts to project that after-tax profits in the first quarter are likely to register the first year-to-year increase since the second quarter of 1981.
p751
aVJohn D. Backe, a former president of CBS Inc., is developing a new communications company and for starters, he announced yesterday the acquisition of a Schenectady, N.Y., television station from the General Electric Company. Mr. Backe has joined forces with Forstmann Little & Company, a New York investment firm specializing in leveraged buyout transactions, to form the Universal Communications Corporation. Mr. Backe, 50, will serve as chairman, president and chief executive of Universal Communications. In addition to WRGB, the station whose acquisition was announced, the company plans to acquire a number of other television stations and become what it called a ''broad-based communications company.''
p752
asS'198303'
p753
(lp754
VThe General Electric Company, entering the personal computer market in a roundabout way, has announced plans to lease personal computers made by leading manufacturers to commercial customers, or to individuals with good credit ratings. The manufacturers of the computers G.E. will rent include the International Business Machines Corporation, Apple Computer Inc. and the Hewlett-Packard Company.
p755
aVDebt Issues * Central and South West Corp.'s $100 million offering of 12 1/8 percent first mortgage bonds due in 2013 was priced at 99.385, to yield 12.20 percent, through Morgan Stanley; the bonds are rated AA by Standard & Poor's Corp. and A2 by Moody's Investors Service. * Delta Air Lines filed a shelf registration for up to $250 million principal amount of debt securities, with prices and terms to be set at the time of sale. * Federal Home Loan Bank said it would offer $1 billion of bonds tomorrow - $470 million due in 1988 and $575 million due in 1993; rates for the issues are to be announced today.
p756
aVThe Consolidated Rail Corporation said it had ordered 60 diesel locomotives from the General Electric Company for $66 million. Conrail said the 3,700-horsepower engines will be produced at General Electric's Erie, Pa., plant.
p757
aVWILLIAM S. COOK does not mince words. ''You make sure you've got t he right people in place. You evaluate their performance very o bjectively and very coldly, and reward them if they do well and p unish them if they don't.'' For Mr. Cook, president of the Union Pacific Corporation who will become chief executive as well on May 1, that strategy has worked in the past. Now he is betting that it will serve him well again as his company tries to merge two railroads into the fold of the venerable Union Pacific rail holdings and to strengthen the company's vast energy holdings at a time of sharply tumbling oil prices. The task will not be easy. The merger of the Missouri Pacific and Western Railroads, which became effective Dec. 22, means that the Union Pacific Corporation holding company now runs the nation's third-largest railroad, measured by route miles of track, and that its rail holdings are more in balance with its energy operations. While the merger increases its rail business, it does not signal a shift in Union Pacific's strategy to remain a diversified company.
p758
aVThe General Electric Company announced its entry into the consumer telephone business, introducing a line of phones ranging in price from an extension phone with a suggested list price of $44 to a cordless phone for $200. G.E., which said the phones would be on the market in June, is the latest major consumer-electronics company to enter what is perceived to be a rapidly growing market as more people buy their phones rather than rent from the phone company.
p759
aVThe General Electric Company has named Walter W. Williams, a longtime company executive, to head its computer-services subsidiary, the General Electric Information Services Company. Mr. Williams, currently general manager of G.E.'s housewares and audio business division, replaces Gregory J. Liemandt as the unit's chairman and president. Mr. Liemandt last week announced his plans to become chairman and chief executive of the Wyly Corporation, a Dallas-based computer-services company.
p760
aVGregory J. Liemandt, chairman and president of the General Electric Information Services Company, has been named chairman and chief executive of the Wyly Corporation, a Dallas-based computer services company. Mr. Liemandt will replace John Kason, who resigned for personal reasons last November.
p761
aV* Acme-Cleveland Corp. said its board had approved a conditional offer to buy 2.9 million shares of Dale Electronics Inc., or 82 percent of Dale's stock outstanding, for $43 million, from Lionel Corp., which is in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. * Advest Group Inc.'s Advest Inc. subsidiary said it had agreed in principle to acquire Dreskin & Co., a closely held New York-based brokerage firm; terms were not disclosed.
p762
aV* American Reinsurance Co., a subsidiary of Aetna Life and Casualty Co., said its wholly owned subsidiary, American Excess Insurance Co., would no longer write or renew direct excess and surplus lines casualty business. * Allied Corp. said it would transfer responsibility for operations of its Woodstock Die Casting and North American Seat Belt units from its industrial products group to the Bendix Automotive Group. Allied recently completed its acquisition of the Bendix Corp.
p763
aV* Air Lanka signed an eight-year $25.8 million loan agreement with a group of banks led by Lloyds International Merchant Bank (Sea) Ltd., with the loan guaranteed by the Government of Sri Lanka, at an interest rate 1/2 percentage point above the London interbank rate for the first two years and 5/8 point above the interbank rate after that. * B.C. Hydro is issuing $150 million of 10 1/4 percent notes due in 1988, priced at 99.5 to yield 10.38 percent, through a Eurobond syndicate led by Deutsche Bank, and the notes are guaranteed by the province of British Columbia. * Central and South West Corporation's Central Power and Light Company subsidiary filed a shelf registration for up to $100 million of first mortgage bonds.
p764
asS'198302'
p765
(lp766
NaVThe General Electric Company said that its board voted to recommend a 2-for-1 stock split for shareholder approval at the April 27 annual meeting. G.E. said that if the split is approved, the board also plans at a May meeting to consider an increase in the quarterly dividend to 95 cents a share, from 85 cents, on a pre-split basis. The company said it will ask for an increase in authorised common stock to 550 million, from 251.5 million. The company added that it declared a regular quarterly dividend of 85 cents a share, payable April 25 to shareholders of record March 8.
p767
aVWHILE in-house management consultants have not taken over the field, they have made definite strides. In 1971 a small group of corporate officials assigned to solve problems within their companies formed the Association of Internal Management Consultants. Early members included Jack W. Enterline, a vice president of W.R. Grace & Company. ''Yes, I do think we will continue to grow, but I think the days of large inside groups have gone,'' Mr. Enterline said in an interview. He noted that several very big companies developed such extensive inside management consulting groups that they tried to sell the services outside as well, but without much success.
p768
aV* Action Industries Inc., Cheswick, Pa., said a shareholder group had filed a suit against the company charging that it had misled shareholders about its condition. * General Electric Co. said its General Electric Venture Capital Corp. unit had increased its stake in Gearhart Industries Inc. to 18.2 percent of the common shares outstanding, through open-market purchases.
p769
aV* Browning-Ferris Industries said it had acquired two privately held companies, Cecos International Inc. and Newco Waste Systems Inc., both involved in waste collection and disposal, for 2.3 million shares of stock valued at about $85 million. * Centel Corp. said its Centel Supply Co. unit had signed a twoyear, $30 million purchase agreement with Technicom International's Tie-Communications Inc. subsidiary, which will supply telephone and switching systems to Centel. * Chapman Energy Inc. of Dallas said it had agreed in principle to acquire Targa Oil and Gas Inc. for stock; Targa shareholders will receive one Chapman share for each seven Targa shares.
p770
aVThe Dow Chemical Company, which said its business was hurt by the worldwide economic slowdown, reported yesterday that net income in the fourth quarter of 1982 plunged 80.6 percent, while revenues were off 14.4 percent. Dow, based in Midland, Mich., said that net income in the latest three months plummeted to $13 million, or 7 cents a share, from $67 million, or 35 cents a share, in the fourth quarter of 1981. Sales dropped to $2.56 billion, from $2.99 billion. ''This proved to be an extremely difficult operating quarter,'' said Paul F. Oreffice, Dow's president and chief executive officer. ''Weak consumer demand and tight inventory control restricted Dow's operating rate to 63 percent of capacity, resulting in heavy fixed cost penalties.''
p771
aVDebt * Citicorp said it had sold its 91-day commercial paper at an average rate of 8.856 percent, up from 8.587 percent at last week's auction. * Dallas Power and Light Co.'s $50 million of Aaa-rated 12 1/4 percent bonds due in 2013 are offered today at 100 through Salomon Brothers Inc. * Florida Power and Light Co. filed a shelf registration for up to $300 million principal amount of first mortgage bonds. * General Defense Corp.'s $30 million offering of 14 1/2 percent senior subordinated debentures due in 2003 were priced at 99.192, to yield 14.625 percent, through Drexel Burnham Lambert.
p772
aVThe purchase by the Plessey Company P.L.C. earlier this month of a stake in Scientific-Atlanta Inc., the American cable television and satellite-equipment concern, is small beer, as far as American acquisitions go. The deal will amount to $114 million, at most. But coupled with Plessey's purchase last fall of part of another American technology concern, the Stromberg-Carlson Corporation, it is being seen here as a major corporate step. The two investments leave little doubt that Britain's largest telecommunications company is pinning its hopes on the American market to confront the challenges of deregulation at home and in the United States.
p773
aVFirst deliveries of the proposed 150-seat A320 Airbus will not take place until 1988, two years later than first planned, Bernard Lathiere, Airbus Industrie chairman, said today. He told a press conference this was a result of the choice of engine, which is now settled as the CFM-56, developed by the General Electric Company and the French concern Snecma. Air France has placed firm orders for 25 A320's, but Roy Watts, British Airways deputy chairman, said yesterday that the plane would come into service too late for his company's requirements.
p774
aV* American Resources Management Corp., Denver, has named J.B. Kimo Smith vice president and general counsel. * Atlantic City Electric Co. has elected E. Douglas Huggard executive vice president.
p775
asS'198301'
p776
(lp777
NaVThe General Electric Company, a diversified high-technology concern and the nation's leading electrical products company, reported yesterday that its net income in the fourth quarter increased 16 percent, while revenues slipped 1 percent. The company, based in Fairfield, Conn., said that net income in the latest three months advanced to $524 million, or $2.30 a share, from $452 milion, or $1.99 a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier. Sales dropped to $7.46 million, from $7.56 million in the fourth quarter of 1981. The company said the figures were unaudited.
p778
aVThe Boeing Company and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation, America's principal manufacturers of commercial aircraft, are beginning to win back part of the passenger jet market that they lost to the European Airbus by offering prospective clients more generous financing, the head of France's biggest aircraft manufacturer said today. Gen. Jacques Mitterrand, president of the Government-owned Aerospatiale group, said the ''reticence'' of European banks, especially in West Germany and Britain, was causing Airbus sales to decline. He said that selling the plane was also made more difficult because Britain, France and West Germany, the three main backers of the Airbus, could not agree on a common system of export aid. ''There is no European Ex-Im Bank,'' General Mitterrand, the brother of President Francois Mitterrand, said at a news conference here, referring to the United States agency that helps finance export orders. ''We need a more coherent financing mechanism because this is the decisive element in sales.''
p779
aV* American Savings and Loan Association of Florida said it would terminate its tender offer for all shares of Home Federal Savings and Loan Association. * Avondale Mills said it would acquire 204,100, or 21 percent, of its common shares outstanding for $25.375 a share from H.P. Holdings, a unit of Hanson Trust P.L.C.. * Charter Medical Corp. said it had acquired Colonial Institute for Children and Adolescents, a psychiatric treatment facility in Virginia; the price was not disclosed.
p780
aVThe Western Electric Company, the huge manufacturing and supply arm of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, said yesterday that it would shut down its Kearny, N.J., plant, eliminating 4,000 jobs. The decision, which also affects 2,700 employees at two other locations, is part of a companywide plan to reduce idle capacity. It reflects the severe impact of the recession on Western's multitude of telephone and telecommunications products. It also reflects a desire to make the company more efficient as A.T.& T. moves into a competitive arena, stripped of the 22 local telephone company subsidiaries that have long purchased almost all of the equipment produced by Western.
p781
aVIn the 1960's, decentralization was the vogue in management. In the 1970's, corporate strategy became the buzzword. Now, corporate culture is the magic phrase that management consultants are breathing into the ears of American executives. Loosely defined, a company's culture is the amalgam of beliefs, mythology, values and rituals that, even more than its products, differentiates it from other companies. That corporations, no less than churches or universities, have distinct cultures has been acknowledged in classrooms and board rooms for years. Increasingly, however, managers and management consultants are coming around to the view that management is an art, not a science, and that while a carefully shaped strategy may make or break a company, the corporate culture may make or break the strategy.
p782
aVTHE stock market's recent advance has been led by ''the generals,'' big-name companies such as General Motors and General Electric. But, in more modest fashion, another general has been advancing lately. That's General Public Utilities, a company that made headlines in March 1979 because of the accident at its Three Mile Island nuclear generating plant near Harrisburg, Pa. The response of regulatory authorities was to remove the unit with the damaged reactor, TMI Unit 2, and its undamaged sister unit, TMI Unit 1, from the rate base.
p783
aV* American Motors Corp.'s chairman, W. Paul Tippett, said the company expected to invest $500 million in new-car development in the next few years. * Baldwin-United Corp. said it had agreed to sell its AMIC Corp. Mortgage Insurance subsidiary to General Electric Co.'s General Electric Credit Corp. for an undisclosed amount.
p784
aNaVThe home appliance industry, despite hesitation by some manufacturers, is slowly catching up with the electronics revolution. Today's appliance shoppers can buy a dishwasher that will start up hours after its owner is off to bed. A new refrigerator flashes a signal light when lint has accumulated beneath it. And microwave ovens have recently been equipped with something like an electronic sense of smell. Some models of almost all major appliances - such as those found in the kitchen - as well as a few small appliances are now available with electronic controls.
p785
asS'197603'
p786
(lp787
sS'197602'
p788
(lp789
sS'197601'
p790
(lp791
sS'197607'
p792
(lp793
sS'197606'
p794
(lp795
sS'197605'
p796
(lp797
sS'197604'
p798
(lp799
sS'197609'
p800
(lp801
sS'197608'
p802
(lp803
sS'201007'
p804
(lp805
VWASHINGTON -- When President Obama steps into a General Motors plant on Friday morning -- as the majority shareholder surveying the government's investment in a company the White House called ''moribund'' just 18 months ago -- he will be doing more than just examining the first models of the all-electric Volt that began rolling off the production line this week. Mr. Obama will be delivering the opening salvo in a White House effort to argue that government bailouts, now the most charged phrase in the political lexicon, actually worked in the case of the auto industry -- much as they did in the banking industry, but with broader benefits for workers and consumers.
p806
asS'201006'
p807
(lp808
VWhen my aunt and uncle recently traveled to San Francisco, their flight arrived hours late and then had to wait nearly three hours at the airport for a rental car to be available. The rental company tried to appease them by offering a Toyota Prius hybrid as an extra perk. It was an upgrade, the agent told them. Turns out the agent was right. I recently did a quick search on Travelocity for green rental cars in San Francisco, and Toyota Prius models or similar green cars were generally priced at a large premium over equivalent rental cars. So how much more does a hybrid rental car cost, and why is the premium so high?
p809
aVLots of people are talking about what is happening at Goldman Sachs. This is a column about what is not happening at Goldman. Despite all the bad headlines -- the accusations of fraud, the talk of a big settlement, the risk, however remote, of criminal charges -- there's an inconvenient truth that's been largely ignored: Most of Goldman's big customers are not bolting.
p810
asS'201005'
p811
(lp812
sS'201004'
p813
(lp814
VFighting to save a significant contract, General Electric and Rolls-Royce said on Tuesday that they had once again cut their prices in an offer to build alternate engines for the Pentagon's Joint Strike Fighter. The companies said they would build up to 150 engines at fixed prices, saving the government as much as $1 billion if a rival, Pratt & Whitney, matched the price.
p815
aVPARIS - Renault, Nissan Motor and Daimler unveiled a strategic partnership Wednesday under which they will share small-car technology and power trains, an agreement they said would allow them to better compete in an environment where automakers are rapidly joining forces to cut costs. With auto markets in developed nations still hobbled in wake of the financial crisis, the second tier of car manufacturers is under pressure to increase scale and reduce expenses to better compete with the global giants, Toyota Motor and Volkswagen.
p816
asS'201003'
p817
(lp818
VFRANKFURT -- Gherardo Corsini, director of electric vehicle implementation at General Motors' Opel/Vauxhall unit, made his way Sunday to Geneva from Germany more quietly than most. He was at the wheel of a prototype of the Opel Ampera. ''Getting lots of curious looks at the rest area,'' one of Mr. Corsini's passengers, Dietmar Thate, manager of social media for Opel, tweeted after the car made a short stop Sunday.
p819
asS'201002'
p820
(lp821
VFRANKFURT -- Gherardo Corsini, director of electric vehicle implementation at General Motors' Opel/Vauxhall unit, made his way Sunday to Geneva from Germany more quietly than most. He was at the wheel of a prototype of the Opel Ampera. ''Getting lots of curious looks at the rest area,'' one of Mr. Corsini's passengers, Dietmar Thate, manager of social media for Opel, tweeted after the car made a short stop Sunday.
p822
asS'201001'
p823
(lp824
VAt its height, NBC was the very model of what a television network should be. With iconic programming, enviable ratings and spectacular business success, the peacock network delivered plenty of laughs along the way with ''The Cosby Show,'' ''Seinfeld'' and ''Friends.'' Nobody is laughing anymore.
p825
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week included Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday. At the market's close on Thursday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.05 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.19 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.03 percent.
p826
asS'201102'
p827
(lp828
sS'201009'
p829
(lp830
VCambridge, Mass. IMAGINE you are a venture capitalist. One day a man comes to you and says, ''I want to build the game layer on top of the world.''
p831
asS'201008'
p832
(lp833
sS'198012'
p834
(lp835
VGeneral Electric filed a lawsuit challenging a new law that bars shipment of spent nuclear fuel into Illinois.
p836
aVUnited Telecommunications Inc. announced yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Calma Company subsidiary, which develops and markets computer-aided design and manufacturing systems, to the General Electric Company for $100 million in cash. Under the agreement, United Telecommunications, a large independent telephone system that serves 21 states, expects to receive an additional cash payment in 1985, depending on Calma's sales performance from 1981 through 1984.
p837
aVThe Boeing Company announced today that two airlines had ordered a total of five Boeing 767 jets valued at more than $200 million. The world's largest builder of commercial aircraft said Avianca of Colombia had ordered three of the wide-bodied, two-engined planes and took options for four more.
p838
aVRolls-Royce, Ltd., the British airplane engine maker that is in stiff competition with two American engine makers, said that it had completed ahead of schedule the first production version of its new RB211-535 model. It expects to deliver the engine to the Boeing Company next March, following testing.
p839
aVCharging that the General Electric Company's advertising slogan, ''We bring good things to life,'' was a misleading de scription of a company that is a major producer of nuclear weapo ns, the Washington Peace Center asked the Federal Trade Commission to day to determine whether the ad violated Federal codes. G.E. said tha t the slogan was used exclusively by the consumer division, alt hough most of the ads did not link it to the division.
p840
aVALCO Power Inc., Auburn, N.Y., a wholly owned subsidiary of the General Electric Company of Britain, has named Stephen A. Lombardozzi president, succeeding John V. Sylvester 3d, who retired. * Avco Corporation, Greenwich, Conn., has elected Gordon M. Tuttle an executive vice president.
p841
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., a chemical engineer who molded himself into an aggressive manager of fast-growth businesses within the vast General Electric Company, was named chairman-elect of the $25 billion corporation yesterday. Mr. Welch, who is 45 years old, will become the youngest chairman in G.E.'s 88-year corporate history when he succeeds Reginald H. Jones, 63, next April 1.
p842
aVSloppy management practices have contributed to the nation's decline in productivity, growing foreign trade deficit and lack of innovation, according to Reginald H. Jones, chairman and chief executive officer of the General Electric Company.
p843
aVAlton Box Board Company appointed James B. Malloy senior vice president and chief operating officer. * American Can Company appointed William P. Wilson president and chief operating officer of the Butterick Fashion Marketing Company division.
p844
aVJoseph F. Turley, 55 years old, has been elected president and chief operating officer of the Gillette Company, effective next Feb. 1. He will succeed Stephen J. Griffin, who will become a vice chairman until he retires on Sept. 1, 1981, at the age of 65. The big Boston-based company also named Alfred M. Zeien, 50, as a vice chairman, to take effect on Feb. 1. Colman M. Mockler, 50, remains chairman and chief executive officer.
p845
asS'198011'
p846
(lp847
VThe Coca-Cola Company, the world's biggest producer of soft drinks, reported yesterday that earnings in the third quarter fell 16 percent on a sales increase of 18.8 percent. The Atlanta-based company said that net income in the latest quarter advanced to $102.6 million, or 83 cents a share, from $122.2 million, or 99 cents a share, in the comparable period last year. Sales climbed to $1.58 billion from $1.33 billion.
p848
aVAmid strong Wall Street speculation of a new bidder emerging to contest Internorth Inc. for the Crouse-Hinds Company of Syracuse, Internorth, once known as the Northern Natural Gas Company, offered yesterday to pay $37 a share - or nearly $700 million in cash - for a combination package of both Crouse-Hinds and the Belden Corporation of Geneva, Ill. Internorth also offered to pay $40 a share, or $530 million, for just Crouse-Hinds, but is unlikely to get just Crouse-Hinds because stockholders of the maker of electrical materials, in a vote today, are expected to approve a merger with Belden, a major wire and cable producer. Belden stockholders, in a Nov. 26 vote, are also expected to back the merger.
p849
aVI T was designed as a minicomputer; it was sold as a minicomputer and it carried the price of a minicomputer. But it sure didn't perform like a minicomputer!'' That's how Kenneth G. Fisher recalled his reaction to the computer product that he inherited upon joining Prime Computer Inc. as its president five years ago. Back then, Prime was plagued by losses and Mr. Fisher, who had been working with big computers for 15 years, first at General Electric, then at Honeywell, quickly saw that the Prime machine could deliver power and performance akin to that of larger, so-called mainframe computers. Mr. Fisher also perceived a new computer market aborning, comprised of frustrated engineers and other technical people who could not get time on their company's overcrowded central computer. Out of such observations, Mr. Fisher then conceived a corporate strategy embracing all of a company's operations - marketing, product development, financial management, manufacturing and so on. The result was nothing less than to transform this floundering, fledgling company - and to fashion yet another legendary story within the computer industry.
p850
aVIt is an unpretentious structure, a one-story brick building that houses Thomas Industries, the Kentucky-based manufacturer, designer and marketer of home and office products, including lighting, decorative accessories and tools and hardware. But, as Thomas R. Fuller, the president and chief executive officer of the $220-million-a-year company said, ''We don't have to have flash. We just have to have earnings.''
p851
aVCray Research Inc. received an $8.1 million order from the Westinghouse Electric Corporation for a Cray-1 S-Series computer system.
p852
aVWhen a corporation's balance sheet is awash in red ink, how does it stay afloat? Pretty much the same way a household would when faced with expenses that exceed income - by cutting back where possible and borrowing the rest. That is precisely the situation that the nation's Big Three auto makers find themselves in now. The General Motors Corporation, the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler Corporation have reported a staggering aggregate loss of more than $3.5 billion in the first nine months of this year, some $500 million more than most analysts had expected them to lose for the entire year.
p853
aVFOR more than 100 years, since its invention by Thomas Edison, the light bulb remained a relatively simple device, operating on the same principle as the burners on an electric range. Electricity is forced through a filament that glows when heated, giving off light. It doesn't cost much - a 150-watt incandescent bulb has a suggested retail price of about $1.25 - but it has a hearty appetite for power and a limited lifespan.
p854
aVAlton Box Board Company appointed James B. Malloy senior vice president and chief operating officer. * American Can Company appointed William P. Wilson president and chief operating officer of the Butterick Fashion Marketing Company division.
p855
aVAthlone Industries Inc., Parsippany, N.J., has named Charles B. Tillson president of its Jessop Steel Company subsidiary. * Emerson Electric Company, St. Louis, has elected Edwin L. Harper vice president, international.
p856
aVMOST CELEBRITIES hire themselves out as ''presenters'' in advertisments for the same reason most other people do. They get paid for it. Sometimes, though, there's more to it than that. Here is how a few celebrities view the work. CARY GRANT. Even though Mr. Grant has been a Faberge board member for 13 years, he has never done a commercial for the company, or for anyone else. ''Usually when I see a celebrity advertising a product I can't help thinking that he's endorsing his checks more than the product. If I did one it would be an institutional sort of campaign, for an entire company not just a certain product. I might say some nice things about General Electric, but I wouldn't stand and open the door of a refrigerator.''
p857
asS'198010'
p858
(lp859
VThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, the nation's second-largest manufacturer of electrical equipment after the General Electric Company, reported yesterday that its earnings in the third quarter surged to $91.4million, while sales increased 31.3 percent. In the third quarter of 1979, Westinghouse's earnings were sharply reduced by a seven-week strike. Westinghouse said its net income in the latest three months reached $91.4 million, or $1.06 a share, up from the year-earlier $38.8 million, or 44 cents a share, after an extraordinary charge of $12.2 million from a uranium contract litigation settlement. Sales climbed to $2.1 billion from $1.6 billion.
p860
aVThe General Motors Corporation has delayed its introduction of the electric car by a year but denies there are any problems with the car or its new battery. ''With all we've got going, we can only proceed so fast with so many projects at one time,'' a company spokesman said in explaining the decision to move the target from a 1984 model to a 1985 model.
p861
aVThe General Public Utilities Corporation, again citing the loss of the Three Mile Island nuclear reactors from its rate base, announced today that its net income in the third quarter fell 59 percent, to $10.5 million, or 17 cents a share, from $25.6 million, or 42 cents a share, for the same period a year ago. G.P.U., the parent company of the three utilities - the Jersey Central Power and Light Company, the Metropolitan Edison Company and the Pennsylvania Electric Company - that own the crippled Three Mile Island reactors near Harrisburg, Pa., reported revenues of $490.2 million, up from $383.9 million in the 1979 quarter.
p862
aVWhen construction began four years ago on the largest diesel co-generation plant in the country, a 73-megawatt power house situated about two and a half miles from Boston Common, its builder, Harvard University, hailed the project as the wave of the future in energy efficiency. Instead, the co-generator, designed to provide steam, chilled water and electricity to Harvard Medical School in Boston and a dozen of Boston's most prestigious teaching hospitals, has become the most expensive controversy in Harvard's 344-year history.
p863
aVAlbert L. Toney Jr., the 47-year-old president of the Nautilus Fund, has been attracting wide attention recently. For his closedend investment company, managed by Eaton & Howard, Vance Sanders Inc. of Boston, holds 360,000 shares of Apple Computer Inc., a small company with a big following. And while the stock market waits for the expected public offering by the California personal computer company at the end of the year, virtually the only way for an individual investor to get a piece of the Apple before that time is to invest in Nautilus.
p864
aVThe General Electric Company, the country's largest manufacturer of electrical equipment, reported yesterday that earnings in the third quarter ended Sept. 30 rose 5.2 percent, while sales rose 6.2 percent. G.E., which also holds a leading position in the electronics, nuclear power, consumer goods and aerospace industries, said that net income in the latest quarter moved up to $358.4 million, or $1.58 a share, from $340.8 million, or $1.50 a share. Sales advanced to $5.96 billion, from $5.61 billion.
p865
aVColeco Industries, Hartford, a manufacturer of recreational products, has named Gale Jenkins to the new position of vice president-creative development. * Inland Shoe Manufacturing Company, St. Louis, has appointed Raymond V. Sessa to vice president of product development of the Inland footwear group.
p866
aVThe Federal Energy Regulatory Commission voted today to approve an arrangement that will cut costs for the three subsidiaries of the General Public Utilties Corporation - the Jersey Central Power and Light Company, the Metropolitan Edison Company and the Pennsylvania Electric Company -that own the disabled Three Mile Island nuclear plant. G.P.U. had filed a complaint with the commission last March, saying it was being charged too much by the Pennsylvania-New Jersey-Maryland power pool for electricity it was forced to buy to replace power generating capacity lost when an accident at the Harrisburg, Pa., plant in March 1979 forced the shutdown of both the facility's nuclear reactors.
p867
aVBarclays American Corporation. completed the acquisition of 138 consumer finance offices owned by the Beneficial Corporation for about $193 million. * Cablesystems Pacific, an affiliate of Canadian Cablesystems, was awarded the cable franchise for Portland, Ore.
p868
aVAllied Bancshares Inc. received Federal Reserve Board approval for the purchase of security National Bank of Houston and the First Bank of Edna Texas. * Asamera Inc. reached agreement with the Lacana Mining Corporation, the Toho Zinco Company and C. Itoh & Company-Canada-Ltd. to acquire a 60 percent interest in Compania Minas de Oriente S.A., a Guatemala company that holds a silver-lead-zinc property.
p869
asS'197809'
p870
(lp871
sS'197808'
p872
(lp873
sS'201305'
p874
(lp875
VGovernment investigators have found that JPMorgan Chase devised \u201cmanipulative schemes\u201d that transformed \u201cmoney-losing power plants into powerful profit centers,\u201d and that one of its most senior executives gave \u201cfalse and misleading statements\u201d under oath.\u000a \u000aThe findings appear in a confidential government document, reviewed by The New York Times, that was sent to the bank in March, warning of a potential crackdown by the regulator of the nation\u2019s energy markets.
p876
aVOMAHA \u2014 A little under an hour into the question-and-answer session at Berkshire Hathaway \u2019s annual meeting here on Saturday, a name searing with history but now largely forgotten was mentioned: Henry E. Singleton.\u000a \u000aMr. Singleton was, arguably, the Warren E. Buffett of the 1960s and \u201970s, though hardly famous. His company, Teledyne, became a remarkably successful and huge conglomerate, with an assortment of related \u2014 and unrelated \u2014 businesses. Like Mr. Buffett, Mr. Singleton was a modest man with a rare sense of rationality. He didn\u2019t pay his shareholders dividends; he was convinced he could allocate the money more profitably. And he was right more often than not.
p877
aVDuring the dot-com boom, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, the venture capital investment firm, all but minted money, making prescient early investments in Netscape Communications, Amazon.com and Google and delivering astonishing returns to investors. Along the way, it became a symbol of Silicon Valley.\u000a \u000aBut the firm has hit a rough patch over the last decade, frustrated by unsuccessful forays into clean technology and by a catch-up effort to take later-stage stakes in social media companies.
p878
asS'197805'
p879
(lp880
sS'197804'
p881
(lp882
sS'197807'
p883
(lp884
sS'197806'
p885
(lp886
sS'197801'
p887
(lp888
sS'197803'
p889
(lp890
sS'197802'
p891
(lp892
sS'197401'
p893
(lp894
sS'200001'
p895
(lp896
VThe General Electric Company said today that its fourth-quarter profit rose 16 percent, to a record $3.09 billion, driven by sales of service contracts at industrial businesses and advertising at its NBC television network. Net income climbed to 93 cents a share. G.E. earned $2.67 billion, or 80 cents a share, in the period a year earlier. Revenue rose 15 percent, to $32.9 billion, from $28.6 billion, more than analysts had expected, as the company increased market share at existing businesses and through acquisitions.
p897
aVGeorge C. Crowley, an engineer and inventor whose work led to 80 patents, including one for the first thermostatically controlled electric blanket, died Jan. 15 in Pinehurst, N. C., after suffering from pneumonia. He was 80 years old. After his graduation in 1942 from the University of Notre Dame, where he was a third-string quarterback, Mr. Crowley joined the Navy and was assigned to the General Electric Company, which was engaged in numerous wartime technical projects. It was Mr. Crowley's development work on electrically heated flying suits that would enable pilots to fly above antiaircraft flak that led to his invention of the electric blanket, which was patented by the company.
p898
aVThe General Electric Company, the No. 1 maker of appliances for new homes in the United States, said it had agreed to develop standards with the Microsoft Corporation to connect so-called smart appliances with other consumer devices. G.E. said it would join Microsoft's Universal Plug and Play Forum, which includes Sony, International Business Machines and Intel. G.E. has a similar agreement with a Microsoft rival, Sun Microsystems Inc., among others.
p899
aVIf one bit of history is any guide, you might be wise to avoid Amazon.com stock in 2000. Call it the curse of being named person of the year by Time magazine, which for 1999 picked Jeffrey P. Bezos, founder of Amazon, the money-losing Internet retailer that the market thinks is worth $27 billion.
p900
aVIn the first acknowledgment by the world's largest corporation that it cannot go it alone, the chairman of the General Motors Corporation said tonight that the company would rely more on partnerships and would better be described as ''the General Motors group.'' ''Our approach is to develop long-term relationships with other companies that offer a unique advantage to the General Motors group of brands and businesses,'' said John F. Smith Jr., chairman and chief executive of G.M., who was speaking at the Automotive News World Congress here. ''This alliance strategy is our major thrust, and it is clearly a different approach to growth than most people have associated with General Motors -- or with the rest of the industry, for that matter.''
p901
aVDow Jones & Company, publisher of The Wall Street Journal, reported a 40 percent jump in quarterly profit yesterday, attributing it to strong growth in advertising. Dow Jones said it earned $77.2 million in the fourth quarter, or 85 cents a share, up from $55.4 million, or 59 cents a share, in the period a year earlier. The earnings surpassed the 76 cent-a-share consensus forecast of analysts surveyed by First Call/Thomson Financial.
p902
aVTwo former executives of iVillage Inc. have filed lawsuits contending that the concern, a women's Internet company, lured them with promises of lucrative compensation packages it had no intention of delivering. Joanne O'Rourke Hindman, iVillage's former chief financial officer, and Steven D. Carter, a former vice president, further contend that they left secure positions at other companies when iVillage aggressively recruited them through ''a calculated pattern'' of deceptive practices.
p903
aVThe General Motors Corporation said today that it would buy the half of Saab Automobile A.B. that it did not already own. The move could bring new customers into the G.M. fold and reduce European production costs. By purchasing the portion owned by the investment company Investor A.B., G.M. would be exercising a buy option it has held since the summer of 1996. G.M. and Investor have shared ownership of the Swedish automaker since 1990, and the latest deal is expected to close by the end of January, when the option was scheduled to expire.
p904
aVNBC Internet Inc. and Asiacontent.com Ltd. said today that they had formed a joint venture to offer Internet portal, shopping and other services throughout the Pacific Rim. Financial terms were not disclosed.
p905
aVThe biggest European military electronics company, Thomson-CSF S.A. of France, agreed to acquire Racal Electronics P.L.C. of Britain for $2.17 billion in cash, in the latest round of consolidation in the European military industry. The combined company, with annual sales of $7.8 billion, will be listed on the London Stock Exchange. The deal will give Thomson a foothold in the key market, helping offset its defeat last year by BAe Systems P.L.C., which was then known as British Aerospace, in a bidding war for control of the Marconi Electronics division of the General Electric Company of Britain. John Tagliabue
p906
asS'197403'
p907
(lp908
sS'201301'
p909
(lp910
sS'197402'
p911
(lp912
sS'197405'
p913
(lp914
sS'201303'
p915
(lp916
VPRIVATE SECTOR BENEFITS Mary L. Schapiro, below, is starting to get a taste of opportunities in the private sector after stepping down as chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission in December.\u000a \u000aGeneral Electric announced on Monday that it had nominated Ms. Schapiro to serve as one of its directors. She will stand for election at the company\u2019s annual meeting on April 24.
p917
aVThough the race for Dell Inc. has narrowed to three contestants, many more arose over a month ago.\u000a \u000aAdvisers to Dell directors spoke to 71 potential bidders during a 45-day period aimed at finding alternatives to a $24.4 billion offer by Michael S. Dell and the investment firm Silver Lake, according to a securities filing by the company on Friday.
p918
aVThe private equity giant Blackstone Group is weighing whether to make an offer for all or part of Dell as a Friday deadline looms, people briefed on the matter said Thursday.\u000a \u000aBut some people close to Blackstone are skeptical that any offer will materialize.
p919
aVOver the last half-century, Warren E. Buffett has built a reputation as a contrarian investor, betting against the crowd to amass a fortune estimated at $54 billion.\u000a \u000aMr. Buffett underscored that contrarian instinct in his annual letter to shareholders published on Friday. In a year when Mr. Buffett did not make any large acquisitions, he bought dozens of newspapers, a business others have shunned. His company, Berkshire Hathaway , has bought 28 dailies in the last 15 months.
p920
asS'197404'
p921
(lp922
sS'198905'
p923
(lp924
VLEAD: The General Electric Company has asked 6,000 employees in its major appliance group to find ways to cut costs, because of signs the economy may be softer than expected, a spokesman said.
p925
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said yesterday that it planned to create an international telecommunications network that would permit its employees to communicate worldwide, using voice, video and computer data, by simply dialing seven digits on a telephone.
p926
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said today that it would eliminate 1,400 jobs and close two factories to consolidate electric range manufacturing operations in its appliance division.
p927
aVLEAD: The British electronics company Plessey P.L.C. said today that pretax profits rose 14 percent, to $:195.5 million ($309 million), in the year ended March 31.
p928
aVLEAD: Time was when most companies felt that research and development was something they had to do for themselves and technology developed by others was adopted only as a last resort. However, as international competitive pressures have grown and research has become more expensive, that ''not-invented-here'' syndrome has faded.
p929
aVLEAD: Sematech, the semiconductor industry's two-year-old consortium for manufacturing research, today awarded its first development contracts to seven companies for advanced equipment and supplies required to produce a new generation of computer chips.
p930
aVLEAD: Dunkin' Donuts Inc. said its board had approved a plan to repurchase 1.4 million shares. The company also plans to sell 28,000 shares of a new series of cumulative convertible preferred stock to the General Electric Company's GE Capital Corporation unit for $28 million. Proceeds from the preferred stock sale will be used to repurchase the common shares.
p931
aVLEAD: As the details emerge, the agreement reached last week between the United States and Japan to build the FSX fighter appears to be littled changed on the safeguards on the transfer of technology to the Japanese, officials on both sides say.
p932
aVLEAD: * ASDA Group P.L.C., London, a British store group that has been surrounded by takeover speculation recently, said it had learned that the Belzberg family of Canada had built up a 3 percent stake in the company.
p933
aVLEAD: The accidents at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl have set back the nuclear industry in many nations, but not in France, where reactors supply 70 percent of the electricity, the highest proportion in the world. The United States figure is 18 percent.
p934
asS'198904'
p935
(lp936
VLEAD: The General Electric Company's chairman, John F. Welch Jr., announced at the company's annual meeting here that G.E. would be given a gas-turbine order by the Tokyo Electric Power Company, valued at about $750 million. ''That is the largest fossil generation order in the history of G.E.,'' Mr. Welch said.
p937
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company reported today that its first-quarter earnings jumped 17.1 percent from the corresponding period in 1988, in part because of especially strong sales increases in plastic appliances.
p938
aVLEAD: Britain's monopolies watchdog gave conditional approval today to a hostile joint takeover bid for the electronics group Plessey P.L.C. by the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany. The bid, announced in
p939
aVLEAD: The General Electric Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, is offering $500 million of notes due 1990 through underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody & Company. The issue was given a 10 1/4 percent coupon and priced at par to yield investors about 47 basis points more than Treasury securities with a similar maturity.
p940
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Revenue 11,900,000,000 10,500,000,000 Net inc 849,000,000 725,000,000 Share earns .94 .80
p941
aVLEAD: Good times have returned to the locomotive business, and the assembly line is humming here at the General Electric Company's locomotive manufacturing plant near the Lake Erie shoreline.
p942
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Canada Inc Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Sales 308,664,000 324,205,000 Net inc 9,758,000 11,619,000 Share earns .20 .24 The company said net income included reductions related to the restructuring in various business units of $490,000 for the latest quarter and $1,847,000 for the year-earlier period.
p943
aVLEAD: Ten days ago, scientists at the David Sarnoff Research Center in Princeton, N.J., publicly demonstrated the world's first broadcast system for high-definition television that is compatible with existing sets.
p944
aVLEAD: Piedmont Airlines has ordered three 767-200 extended-range jetliners in a deal valued at about $183 million, the Boeing Commercial Airplanes Company announced. Deliveries of two of the jets are scheduled in March 1990, and the third in September 1990. The planes will be powered by the General Electric Company's CF6-80C2B2 engines, as are six 767's already operated by Piedmont.
p945
aVLEAD: The European Commission today gave tentative approval to a hostile joint bid by the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany for the Plessey Company, the British electronics concern.
p946
asS'198907'
p947
(lp948
VLEAD: The General Electric Company yesterday reported a 16.4 percent increase in earnings for the second quarter, citing gains in its plastics, financial services, medical systems and aircraft engine divisions.
p949
aVLEAD: The BellSouth Corporation, the American regional telephone concern, said it was forming a consortium with the General Electric Company P.L.C. and the Plessey Company P.L.C. to bid for a personal communications network license in Britain. The Department of Trade and Industry intends to grant two or three such licenses, which will allow operators to offer two-way communications anywhere in
p950
aVLEAD: It has been discovered that two strains of bacteria, one found in the Hudson River and the other at a toxic waste dump, have voracious appetites for PCB's, chemicals suspected of causing cancer.
p951
aVLEAD: The General Dynamics Corporation said today that its second-quarter earnings rose 25 percent despite an an after-tax charge of $50 million, associated with the SSN 688-class attack submarine at the company's Electric Boat division.
p952
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1989 1988 Revenue 13,500,000,000 11,900,000,000 Net inc 972,000,000 835,000,000 Share earns 1.08 .93 6mo rev 25,400,000,000 22,400,000,000 Net inc 1,821,000,000 1,560,000,000 Share earns 2.02 1.73
p953
aVLEAD: Thomson Consumer Electronics said it had developed a new wide-screen picture tube for use with high-definition television signals. Thomson, the North American division of the French company that now owns the consumer electronics businesses of the General Electric Company and the RCA Corporation, said the RCA tube is brighter than present industrial monitors and would be priced at about twice comparable conventional models, although
p954
aVLEAD: Honeywell Inc. made itself less attractive to corporate raiders today by saying it would cut 4,000 jobs, retreat from its $1.4 billion weapons business and provide added cash to shareholders.
p955
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Dynamics Corp (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1989 1988 Sales 2,529,700,000 2,357,300,000 Net inc b58,400,000 b46,700,000 Share earns 1.39 1.11 6mo sales 4,890,600,000 4,775,600,000 Net inc 133,800,000 132,400,000 Share earns 3.20 3.15
p956
aVLEAD: The Agnelli family, the General Electric Company of Britain and Compagnie Financiere de Paribas, the French bank, will be joining the investment group that is making a $21 billion hostile bid to acquire B.A.T. Industries.
p957
aVLEAD: * Alitalia, the Italian national airline, said it had selected Pratt & Whitney Inc., East Hartford, Conn., to produce engines to power up to 40 Boeing 757's it might buy. The deal could be worth up to $560 million.
p958
asS'198906'
p959
(lp960
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said it would sell an electronics components plant here to a small Pennsylvania-based manufacturer for a Tennessee plastics plant and $110 million. GE said the sale of its Instrument Products Operation to Ametek Inc. would not affect 1,110 workers at the plant. The workers would keep their jobs, and Ametek has agreed to recognize the plant's three unions, a G.E.
p961
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company and the Ford Motor Company have joined in a venture to develop arc discharge lamps for cars, like those in street and stadium lights. G.E. officials said headlights using the lamps would blaze with a whiter light, use less electricity and take more abuse than the halogen lights on most cars now.
p962
aVLEAD: The British Government's Office of Fair Trading said the General Electric Company of Britain and Siemens A.G. had agreed not to increase their stake in the Plessey Company, even though a binding agreement had expired. A spokesman for the agency said General Electric and Siemens had agreed to continue to abide by an interim order.
p963
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company announced today that it is shifting some of its electronics manufacturing to a more modern plant in Shreveport, La., a move that will affect 700 workers. Company officials said they planned to move the regulator and inductive products division beginning in January. A company spokesman, Bruce Farren, said 200 of the 700 workers who will be laid off in the next few years as a result of the move are eligible for retirement.
p964
aVLEAD: It has been discovered that two strains of bacteria, one found in the Hudson River and the other at a toxic waste dump, have voracious appetites for PCB's, chemicals suspected of causing cancer.
p965
aVLEAD: The Baldor Boehm Company said it would close its Connecticut plant at the end of the year in a move that would eliminate about 180 jobs in the state. The company said operations at the Connecticut factory, which makes electric motors for industrial use, would be moved to a plant in Clarksville, Ark.
p966
aVLEAD: As more than 100,000 aerospace executives converge in Paris for the opening on Thursday of their annual air show, the industry finds itself split.
p967
aVLEAD: The investment arm of the Unicorp Canada Corporation said it holds 12 percent of Dunkin' Donuts Inc., the bakery chain that has been the subject of recent takeover rumors. Kingsbridge Capital Group said it owns 895,000 shares of the Randolph, Mass.-based company. Dunkin' Donuts stock rose $1.125 to $36.25 in over-the-counter trading.
p968
aVLEAD: The MCI Communications Corporation has won its biggest contract ever, a five-year, $150 million deal to provide Merrill Lynch & Company with a worldwide network for voice and data communications, the companies said yesterday.
p969
aVLEAD: The directors of Time Inc. met yesterday for a marathon strategy session amid speculation on Wall Street that the media giant may approve plans to make a takeover bid for Warner Communications Inc. as an 11th-hour stand to fight off Paramount Communications Inc.
p970
asS'198901'
p971
(lp972
VLEAD: Two international groups are talking about bidding for Britain's huge General Electric Company, industry sources said. One is headed by General Electric of the United States, which is not linked in any way with G.E.C., and the other by G.E.C.'s chief British rival, Plessey P.L.C.
p973
aVLEAD: A possible hostile takeover bid for the General Electric Company, Britain's biggest manufacturing company, was put in doubt today.
p974
aVLEAD: The American Telephone and Telegraph Company, which will hold its regularly scheduled board meeting tomorrow, declined to comment yesterday on widespread reports that it might join the Plessey Company in a hostile takeover bid for the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain. The Financial Times reported that A.T.&T.
p975
aVLEAD: Britain's largest manufacturing concern, the General Electric Company, vowed today to fight a takeover bid estimated at $12 billion that an international consortium is apparently trying to put together.
p976
aVLEAD: A consortium of international companies is working on a possible bid for the General Electric Company of Britain, a London investment house said this weekend, prompting calls for Government intervention.
p977
aVLEAD: The Navy today awarded the General Dynamics Corporation a $726 million contract to build the first Seawolf attack submarine, a new class designed to hunt Soviet missile and attack subs.
p978
aVLEAD: A consortium formed to make a multibillion-dollar takeover bid for the General Electric Company, Britain's largest manufacturing enterprise, said today that it was shelving its attempt.
p979
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Sales 12,300,000,000 12,030,000,000 Net inc 1,010,000,000 868,000,000 Share earns 1.12 .96 Yr sales 38,820,000,000 39,310,000,000 Net inc 3,386,000,000 2,915,000,000 Share earns 3.75 3.20
p980
aVLEAD: The General Electric Capital Corporation, a financial subsidiary of the General Electric Company, announced yesterday that Michael A. Carpenter, an executive vice president, had been named president and chief executive of its Kidder, Peabody Group.
p981
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company and the General Electric Company P.L.C., Britain's largest manufacturing concern, yesterday announced an agreement to create joint ventures in consumer products, medical equipment and electrical distribution equipment. The companies, which are not related, will also cooperate in the gas turbine business.
p982
asS'200006'
p983
(lp984
VThe General Electric Company and Cisco Systems announced yesterday that they would form a joint venture, called GE Cisco Industrial Networks, to help manufacturers use Internet technology to ease communications between their factories and their offices. The venture, which will be based in Charlottesville, Va., will be led by a G.E. executive. It will offer a mix of services, including assessing customers' existing data systems, designing new ones around Internet technology, providing software and hardware, and managing the entire data system through outsourcing. G.E. said it expected the venture to realize $100 million in sales in three to five years. Claudia H. Deutsch
p985
aVThe General Electric Company promoted three senior executives today in what analysts said was a lead-in to the next major announcement about who will succeed John F. Welch Jr., the company's chairman and chief executive, who will retire next year. G.E., which is based in Fairfield, named new No. 2 executives at its Aircraft Engines, Medical Systems and Power Systems divisions.
p986
aVThe General Electric Company announced another round of promotions yesterday in preparation for the retirement next April of its chairman, John F. Welch Jr. The company, which is based in Fairfield, Conn., and which had $112 billion in revenue last year, named Ronald R. Pressman to be chief executive of the GE Employers Reinsurance Corporation and be a senior vice president. John Krenicki Jr. moved up to chief executive of GE Transportation Systems and Tanya D. Fratto became vice president of GE Superabrasives and a corporate officer.
p987
aVThe Entergy Corporation, the No. 3 United States electric power generator, and Shaw Group, an industrial piping company, said yesterday that they would form a joint venture to construct electric power plants more quickly and cheaply to meet the need for increased generating capacity. Each company will have a 50 percent interest in Entergy-Shaw which will provide management, engineering, procurement, construction and commissioning services to build electric power plants in North America and Europe. The new company will be based in Baton Rouge, La., where Shaw has its headquarters. Entergy has 32 gas turbines worth about $2 billion on order from General Electric.
p988
aVGE Medical Systems agreed yesterday to buy the Lunar Corporation, which makes bone disease diagnostic systems, for around $150 million in stock. GE Medical Systems, a unit of the General Electric Company, will pay $17 for each Lunar share. The number of G.E. shares exchanged for each Lunar share will be based on the trading prices of the stock before the closing, GE Medical said. Lunar said that under the deal, it had also granted G.E. an option to acquire newly issued Lunar shares representing 19.9 percent of its total shares outstanding. Shares of Lunar, which is based in Madison, Wis., soared $5.25, to $16.375 in Nasdaq trading, while G.E. rose 43.75 cents, to $52.6875.
p989
aVThe General Electric Company's GE Capital Aviation Services Inc. unit, an aircraft leasing company, said yesterday that it had ordered 50 regional jets from the Fairchild Dornier Corporation in a deal worth $1.4 billion. Fairchild Dornier, a German airplane maker acquired in April by an investment fund managed by Clayton Dubilier & Rice Inc., said it expected to begin deliveries of the 728JET planes in 2003. GE Capital also took options on an additional 100 planes under undisclosed financial terms. The company, which is based in Stamford, Conn., owns and manages a fleet of 950 planes, providing a full range of aircraft financing products and services to 155 airlines in over 54 countries.
p990
aVFRESH DEL MONTE PRODUCE INC., Coral Gables, Fla., one of the top producers and sellers of fresh fruit and vegetables, agreed to buy the Graziano Produce Co., Portland, Ore., a regional supplier of fresh-cut produce, to gain market share in the United States Pacific Northwest. The purchase price was undisclosed.
p991
aVAT first glance, the 30 percent growth in operating income that I.B.M. booked last year looks impressive. Closer inspection, though, shows that just under a third of the increase came from I.B.M.'s employee pension plan. The combination of a roaring stock market and lower costs associated with I.B.M.'s controversial switch to a new sort of pension plan generated $799 million in 1999. Accounting rules let such gains go into a company's income statement, although the company cannot spend the money for anything but pensions.
p992
aVAt any moment, one company stands in the spotlight of the middle ring in the stock market's never-ending circus. It may not be the biggest corporation in the world, or the most profitable, but somehow it both mirrors and leads the market's broader action. For most of the 1990's, as personal computers moved from expensive toy to ubiquitous tool, Microsoft was that company. But with the Internet now more important than the PC, and Microsoft caught in a brutal antitrust fight, the software giant has lost its leadership to Cisco Systems, the San Jose, Calif., company that makes much of the equipment that powers the Internet.
p993
aVThe Federal Communications Commission approved the proposed merger of the Bell Atlantic Corporation and the GTE Corporation today, clearing the final obstacle to the creation of the nation's largest telephone company.
p994
asS'198903'
p995
(lp996
VLEAD: CFM International, a joint venture of the General Electric Company and the French manufacturer Snecma, received a $1 billion contract to supply USAir with up to 250 CFM56-3 model jet engines. CFM International, based in this Cincinnati suburb, said the $1 billion supply agreement is the largest in the 10 years since it began selling jet engines.
p997
aVLEAD: The GTE Corporation's General Telephone Southwest unit said it would cut about 600 jobs in Texas and defer filling 400 vacancies in response to a $59 million rate cut by the Public Utility Commission of Texas. In addition, a spokesman at GTE headquarters in Stamford, Conn., said the cutback means the company will stall plans to relocate its telephone operations division to the Las Colinas business development, north of Dallas.
p998
aVLEAD: The Justice Department said today that the General Electric Company had agreed to pay $3.5 million to settle four Federal lawsuits contending that the company had defrauded the Government on military contracts.
p999
aVLEAD: Three of Europe's largest space and military contractors plan to link up to provide a Pan-European private-sector alternative to state companies, one of the companies said today.
p1000
aVLEAD: Britain's Ministry of Defense has opposed a revised joint bid by Britain's General Electric Company and Siemens A.G. of West Germany for the British military contractor Plessey P.L.C., military sources said.
p1001
aVLEAD: The Boeing Company said that Varig, the Brazilian airline, had ordered four Boeing 767-300 extended-range jetliners valued at about $300 million. Boeing has had a rash of orders in the last 15 months, including a record 636 airplanes valued at $29.7 billion in 1988. So far this year it has announced orders for 67 airplanes valued at $6.3 billion, a company spokesman said.
p1002
aVLEAD: A committee of Eastern Airlines' creditors was appointed yesterday in Federal bankruptcy court. Unions representing the airline's pilots and machinists won a prominent position among the creditors.
p1003
aVLEAD: The West German aerospace group Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm G.m.b.H. has dropped out of the race to take over Short Brothers P.L.C., the Northern Ireland aircraft and missile maker that the British Government wants to sell. The Northern Ireland Secretary, Tom King, said he had been told by Messerschmitt's head of aircraft production, Hartmut Mehdorn, that the company had decided not to pursue the bid.
p1004
aVLEAD: The General Public Utilities Corporation, a power company operating in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, said yesterday that Standley H. Hoch would become chairman and chief executive. Mr. Hoch is currently the chief financial officer of the General Dynamics Corporation.
p1005
aVLEAD: * Bethlehem Steel Corp., Bethelehem, Pa., signed a letter of intent to sell its Williamsport wire rope plant to John Sheehan, a businessman in Johnstown, Pa. Terms were not disclosed.
p1006
asS'198902'
p1007
(lp1008
VLEAD: The General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany revised their bid for the Plessey Company to overcome the British Government's concern that a takeover would reduce competition. The hostile bid for Plessey, a military-electronics and telecommunications group, lapsed in January when it was referred to Britain's Monopolies and Mergers
p1009
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company has agreed to pay the Government $3.5 million to settle five civil lawsuits. The charges included military contract fraud.
p1010
aVLEAD: The General Electric Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, is offering $250 million worth of 10-year notes through underwriters led by Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc., which successfully bid for the bond issue yesterday.
p1011
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Canada Inc Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Sales 525,249,000 562,705,000 Net inc 34,015,000 29,552,000 Share earns .69 .60 Yr sales 1,587,096,000 1,689,345,000 Net inc 74,806,000 62,490,000 Share earns 1.52 1.27
p1012
aVLEAD: The turmoil at Kidder, Peabody & Company intensified yesterday as the head of the firm's investment banking department and three other executives resigned.
p1013
aVLEAD: Thirteen months after the Public Service Company of New Hampshire entered bankruptcy, the utility is involved in a tangled, bitter proceeding over who will regulate its rates - the state or a friendlier Federal agency.
p1014
aVLEAD: Goldome, a financially pressed savings bank holding company that is undergoing a major reorganization, yesterday announced a loss of $63.1 million for the fourth quarter and $119.1 million for all of 1988.
p1015
aVLEAD: * Farley Industries, Chicago, said its Farley/WPM Acquisition Corp. unit had extended its $52-a-share cash offer to midnight Friday for West Point-Pepperell Inc.
p1016
aVLEAD: The Long Island Lighting Company said yesterday that Anthony F. Earley Jr., its executive vice president and general counsel, will become president on April 1, replacing Russell C. Youngdahl, who will retire.
p1017
aVLEAD: The McDonnell Douglas Corporation is still the nation's biggest military contractor while Tenneco Inc. has vaulted from 13th to fourth position on the list, the Pentagon reported today.
p1018
asS'197406'
p1019
(lp1020
sS'198909'
p1021
(lp1022
VLEAD: Wear-resistant diamond coatings may be the first product of a venture involving a unit of the General Electric Company and the Asahi Diamond Industrial Company. G.E.'s Superabrasives unit, the world's largest producer of manufactured diamonds, has joined with Asahi to develop a process of making diamonds.
p1023
aVLEAD: The General Electric Capital Corporation will purchase $75 million of certain receivables of the L.J. Hooker Corporation, the Australian developer that owns the Bonwit Teller and B. Altman department stores. Hooker, which had filed in
p1024
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany won their 10-month battle to acquire Plessey P.L.C. today, creating Europe's largest military and electronics company.
p1025
aVLEAD: Naturally occurring bacteria are increasingly being used to clean up chemical waste sites, particularly watery ones where methods developed for concentrated wastes would be costly to apply. But they have not been particularly effective on a group of chemicals known as polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCB's, which were widely used and discarded in places like the Hudson
p1026
aVLEAD: A hostile bid of $3.1 billion for the Plessey Company P.L.C., the British electronics and military equipment maker, cleared its final regulatory obstacle today as the European Community announced that it would allow the deal to go through.
p1027
aVLEAD: With help from a refrigerant chemical found in large air-conditioning systems, researchers at a California company have designed what they describe as a small nuclear power plant that has an inherent tendency to avoid reactor meltdowns.
p1028
aVLEAD: Aloha Airlines, a subsidiary of privately held Aloha Airgroup, said it had ordered four Boeing 737-300 aircraft, with options on an additional four. The transaction has a potential value of about $250 million, the airline said. Aloha said it would begin receiving deliveries of the aircraft in November 1992.
p1029
aVLEAD: Rolls-Royce P.L.C. plans to move its American subsidiary from Greenwich to Reston, Va., which company officials said would allow the British jet-engine maker to take advantage of the Washington aerospace market. The move to Reston, about 20 miles west of the nation's capital, will take place next summer.
p1030
aVLEAD: William A. Anders, one of three astronauts who circled the moon on Christmas Eve 1968, has been named the next chairman and chief executive of the General Dynamics Corporation, the big military supplier, effective Jan. 1, 1991.
p1031
aVLEAD: ASK Computer Systems Inc. said today that Sandra Kurtzig, its founder, had returned full time as chairman, president and chief executive.
p1032
asS'198908'
p1033
(lp1034
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said yesterday that it would lay off 500 factory workers in Louisville, Ky., in October because of the sharp decline in appliance sales.
p1035
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said it had been selected by the Navy to provide all the F404-GE-400 turbofan engines for fiscal year 1990 with options to supply the needs for FA-18 aircraft production for the six fiscal years beginning in 1991. The contract could be worth as much as $2 billion, the company said.
p1036
aVLEAD: L.M. Ericsson A.B., the giant Swedish telecommunications company, said yesterday that it and the General Electric Company would form a joint venture to produce cellular telephones, mobile radio equipment and communication systems.
p1037
aVLEAD: The Leucadia National Corporation said it and the Brae Corporation had agreed to sell their railcar-leasing businesses and Brae agreed to sell its railcar-management business to the General Electric Company for $178.5 million in cash, plus about $4 million in lease obligations.
p1038
aVLEAD: The American Telephone and Telegraph Company said it had awarded a contract worth up to $250 million to the General Electric Company's GE Astro-Space unit to build the next generation of its telecommunications satellites. It also said Capital Cities/
p1039
aVLEAD: A day after receiving official clearance to resume their joint bid for the Plessey Company, the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany today made a new offer of $3.3 billion for the British military and telecommunications giant.
p1040
aVLEAD: The Plessey Company P.L.C., the British electronics group fighting a hostile takeover offer, has disclosed it is seeking an alliance with a leading Japanese semiconductor company.
p1041
aVLEAD: Britain today cleared the way for an English-German consortium to resume a hostile takeover offer for the Plessey Company, a large military contractor.
p1042
aVLEAD: Plessey P.L.C., the British military contractor, urged shareholders today to reject a hostile takeover offer from the General Electric Company of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany. The offer values Plessey at $:2 billion, or $3.15 billion, a price that Plessey said was too low.
p1043
aVLEAD: The Delaware Chancery Court ruled in favor of Dunkin' Donuts Inc. in its lawsuit against the DD Acquisition Corporation, which has made a $305 million hostile bid for Dunkin. The court denied DD Acquisition's motion to block Dunkin' Donuts takeover defenses involving an employee stock ownership plan, a ''poison pill'' and the sale of preferred stock to the General Electric Capital Company.
p1044
asS'199012'
p1045
(lp1046
VThe Japan Defense Agency selected an engine made by the General Electric Company to power the FS-X fighter jet in a deal worth at least $100 million, G.E.'s Aircraft Engines division announced. The F110-GE-129 engine is to be used aboard the FS-X aircraft, which are modeled after the General Dynamics Corporation's F-16 fighter jets. The first production versions are to be completed by 1999.
p1047
aVSCIENTISTS at the General Electric Company have found a way to generate more light by re-using some of the heat thrown off by a new type of light bulb. The new lamp, the company says, can reduce energy costs by up to 60 percent. A coating allows visible light to pass freely, but blocks the invisible radiation now emitted in the form of heat. With the heat retained inside, less electricity is needed to keep the filament glowing.
p1048
aVAs an anti-Communist youth, George Varga fled Hungary in 1956 to avoid arrest by the Soviet forces that crushed his homeland's rebellion. This year, with Communism crumbling, he returned as president of the biggest American joint venture in Eastern Europe: the General Electric Company's bold $200 million effort to revive the Tungsram Company, Hungary's largest maker of light bulbs.
p1049
aVCanada's state-owned nuclear power company has signed a contract worth $535 million (United States) to build a nuclear power plant for the Korea Electric Power Corporation. The deal culminates more than 10 years of sales efforts by Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd. It will be the second Canadian reactor built in South Korea. Officials said on Friday that the 700,000-kilowatt power plant, estimated to cost about $1 billion, would be built in Wolsong, 160 miles southeast of Seoul. It will be built next to the first Canadian reactor, which has been operating since 1983. South Korea and Canada are each other's fifth-largest trading partners. Trade between the companies is expected to reach $4 billion in 1990. The Korean power company, known as Kepco, has nine nuclear power plants in operation and two more under construction. The Government expects to have 50 nuclear plants in operation in the next 40 years. A turbine generator for the new plant will be supplied by the General Electric Company, along with the Korea Heavy Industries and Construction Company, under a contract to be signed soon, officials said. Construction is scheduled to be completed by mid-1997.
p1050
aV* Amstar Corp., New York, a sugar producer and maker of tools, will sell the stock of its wholly owned subsidiary Milford Products Corp. to Sandvik Inc., a subsidiary of A.B. Sandvik Saws and Tools of Sweden, for about $20 million. * Amtrak, the national rail passenger corporation, signed a letter of intent to buy 52 diesel-electric locomotives from General Electric Co. for more than $100 million. * Caesars World Inc., Los Angeles, an operator of hotels and casinos, completed the acquisition of the publicly held common shares of Caesars New Jersey Inc., operator of a hotel and casino. Under the merger, the former public shareholders of Caesars New Jersey are entitled to receive $22.25 a share. * Clinton Gas Systems Inc., Columbus, Ohio, an oil and gas company, will buy back up to 5 percent, or 308,000, of its outstanding common shares. * Dana Corp., Toledo, Ohio, a maker of power products and mechanical equipment, retained Goldman, Sachs & Co. to act as its adviser in the proposed sale of its Diamond Savings and Loan subsidiary. * Delaware Otsego Corp., Cooperstown, N.Y., a railroad holding company, extended until June 30 a purchase agreement for CSL Intermodal Inc. to buy a portion of the Little Ferry yard of the New York, Susquehanna & Western Railway Corp., a subsidiary of Delaware Otsego. CSL Intermodal is a unit of CSX Corp., Richmond, a transportation holding company. * Financial Security Assurance Holdings Ltd., an insurance holding company owned by a unit of U S West Inc., said Tokio Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Japan's largest insurance company, had bought approximately 10 percent of its outstanding shares for nearly $49 million. * Flight International Group Inc., Atlanta, an airline transportation, maintenance and leasing company, postponed its annual shareholders meeting, which had been scheduled for Jan. 2. * Grudge Music Group Inc. said that Enterprise Entertainment Group Inc. would be merged with and into Grudge on an exchange of shares basis. Terms were not disclosed. * MCA Inc., Universal City, Calif., the entertainment company, filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission related to Pinelands Inc., owner of MCA's interest in the television station WWOR, Seacaucus, N.J. Pinelands is the corporation that will be spun off to MCA's shareholders before acquisition of MCA by Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. * Medco Research Inc., Los Angeles, said it would cooperate with a Securities and Exchange Commission inquiry involving certain trading in Medco securities. * Millfeld Trading Co. will increase its previously announced shares for warrants exchange offer with Whale Securities, the underwriter of its initial public offering. Under the new terms, Millfeld will exchange up to 425,000 common shares for up to 850,000 warrants.
p1051
aV* Amax Inc., Houston, said its Amax Oil Gas Inc. unit had bought the Ladd Petroleum Corp. unit from General Electric Co. for $515 million plus net working capital. * Buffton Corp., Fort Worth, a maker of avionic, electronic and plastic products, wil sell National Pipe Co. to Regency Group, Houston, for $14 million. * Eastern Airlines Inc., Miami, will sell its Eastern Express Florida commuter airline to BHA Aviation Inc., an investor group led by Eastern Express's former president, Jack E. Robinson. Terms were not disclosed. * GE Mortgage Capital Corp., Raleigh, N.C., a holding company for affiliated housing finance companies, said its GE Capital Mortgage Services Inc. subsidiary would sell its 13 retail offices to American Mortgage Banking Ltd., Westbury, L.I. Terms were not disclosed. * GW Utilities Ltd., Toronto, agreed to a proposal by its leading shareholder, GWU Holdings Ltd., to take the company private. Public holders of GW Utilities shares will receive $30 a share after payment of a previously declared $10-a-share special dividend. GWU Holdings is owned by members of the Reichmann family. * Krisch American Inns Inc., Roanoke, Va., an owner of hotels and restaurants, said it and affiliated companies would acquire the Kansas City Marriott Plaza Hotel from First Hotel Investment Corp., a subsidiary of Westinghouse Credit Corp. Terms were not disclosed. * LTV Corp., Dallas, a steel, energy and military products company, said its electronics group had received a contract worth $210.6 million from the Army Missile Command for the Army's multiple launch rocket system. * Lockheed Integrated Solutions Co., a unit of Lockheed Corp., has received a $153 million contract from the Department of Veterans Affairs to automate and integrate its information systems nationwide. * Toyota Technical Center U.S.A., a subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corp., selected Bechtel Group, San Francisco, and Taisei Corp., Tokyo, to build a $110 million automotive proving ground near Phoenix.
p1052
aVFOR the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company, the Japanese concern's $6.13 billion purchase of MCA Inc. was not only a big move into Hollywood, but also a puzzling initiation into the high-pressure, money-grabbing ways of American investment bankers. It was bad enough that Matsushita, used to dealing in secrecy, had to negotiate in a blare of detailed news reports. And worse yet that it had to pay tens of millions of dollars in advisory fees on top of multimillion-dollar payments to MCA's hugely wealthy executives -- shocking practices to the conservative Japanese.
p1053
aVWith oil prices hovering near $30 a barrel, advocates of wood energy are calling on the Government to forge a national energy policy that would make wood once again an economically attractive fuel for generating electricity. Improved technologies and environmental benefits should rekindle interest in wood and other vegetable fuels called biomass, advocates say. In Vermont, which has gone from 20 percent forest to 80 percent in the last century. some developers are taking a serious look at new wood-burning projects.
p1054
aVJoining the Raychem Corporation as senior vice president and chief technical officer, Joseph G. Wirth is filling a newly created position. But he is also taking the role of guiding the company's direction in technology, which has been played by Raychem's founder, Paul M. Cook, until his retirement as chief executive in April. Dr. Wirth, who is 55, comes to Raychem from the General Electric Company, where for five years he has served as vice president and general manager of the technology division of GE Plastics. He will also be a member of Raychem's executive committee and will report to Robert J. Saldich, president and chief executive. Mr. Cook continues as chairman.
p1055
aV* Amrep Corp., New York, a real estate company, has completed the sale of its water and sewer utility systems serving Rio Rancho, N.M., to a subsidiary of GWC Corp., Claymont, Del., a water utility, for $40 million. * Applebee's International Inc. said it expected to report a gain on the sale of its St. Louis restaurant interests to a new franchisee, Apple Partners Ltd. Terms of the sale were not disclosed. * Chiles Offshore Corp. has completed the purchase of a jackup drilling rig from Manhattan Maritime Corp. for $23 million. * Ethyl Corp., Richmond, a chemicals and pharmaceuticals company, has completed the sale of its wholly owned subsidiary, Hardwicke Chemical Co., to MTM P.L.C., Cleveland, England, for $112 million. * General Electric Co. said it received a series of contracts to supply 10 gas turbine generators, associated spare parts and services to Israel Electric Corp. for $200 million. * IMO Industries, Lawrenceville, N.J., a maker of analytical and optical instruments, has acquired Optic-Electronic Corp., Garland, Tex., a producer of electro-optic components and systems, for about $39 million. * Loews Corp., New York, a hotel and tobacco concern, has bought an additional $25 million worth of stock in Champion International Corp., raising its stake in the paper-products company to 12.07 percent from 10.9 percent. * New England Critical Care Inc. agreed to acquire Care Plus Inc. in an exchange of 0.775 of a share of New England Critical for each Care Plus share. Care Plus has about 6.1 million shares outstanding and New England Critical about 12.3 million. Both companies are involved in the alternative site health-care industry. * Tokheim Corp., Fort Wayne, Ind., a maker of service station gasoline pumps, said it would close its assembly plant in Newbern, Tenn., to reduce manufacturing costs and become more competitive. Operations at the Tennessee plant, which employs 308 people, will be consolidated into its fabrication and machining plant in Fort Wayne by the end of summer of 1991. The Newbern plant will be sold.
p1056
asS'200008'
p1057
(lp1058
VHarmon Industries , a maker of train-highway crossing signals, accepted a $386 million acquisition offer from the General Electric Company. Harmon, of Blue Springs, Mo., will become part of GE Harris Railway Electronics, a joint venture between GE Transportation Systems, based in Erie, Pa., and the Harris Corporation, a communications equipment maker in Melbourne, Fla., GE Transportation said. Under the deal, Harmon shareholders would receive 0.527 G.E. share for each Harmon share, or about $31.62 a share, based on G.E.'s Monday closing price of $60 a share. GE Transportation said 93.2 percent of Harmon's shareholders had accepted its offer, which expired on Monday. Originally, G.E., of Fairfield, Conn., offered to exchange 0.542 share for each Harmon share. Shares of Harmon , which had $304.4 million in revenue last year, traded at $31.25 each, down 31 cents.
p1059
aVE. I. du Pont de Nemours & Company, the world's largest chemical company, is diversifying into managing other people's money. The company is following the lead of other industrial companies, including General Electric and AMR, lured by the potential steady income of money management. DuPont said yesterday that it would initially offer two portfolios to institutions, like pension funds, and that it had no immediate plans for mutual funds. It can expand with little added expense, however. Its in-house investment operation, DuPont Capital Management, already manages DuPont's $18 billion employee pension with a team of 49.
p1060
aVGeneral Motors challenged Ford today to a battle over which company can deliver bigger improvements in fuel economy, particularly for sport utility vehicles, the least efficient vehicles of all. Ford committed itself last week to improve the average mileage of its sport utility vehicles by almost five miles a gallon over the next five years. General Motors announced today that no matter how much Ford improved the energy efficiency of its sport utilities by 2005, G.M.'s sport utilities would average even more miles to the gallon by then.
p1061
aVThe Maytag repairman may be getting a new boss. Maytag, the appliance maker based in Newton, Iowa, is negotiating to be acquired by Electrolux, the Swedish maker of Frigidaire refrigerators and other household products, for close to $4 billion, according to executives close to the company.
p1062
aVWhirlpool, the nation's largest maker of home appliances, warned today that its profit would be sharply lower than expected in the second half of the year, partly because of Circuit City's decision to stop selling major appliances at its retail outlets. Whirlpool also blamed an industrywide slowdown and fierce price competition that is cutting into profit margins. A large part of the downturn in the home appliance market is being attributed to slumping retail sales and a weakening housing market in the United States, where higher interest rates have cooled consumer buying.
p1063
aVCablevision Systems, a regional cable television operator based in New York, announced details yesterday of a plan to issue a new class of stock to track its fast-growing programming properties, which include Bravo and American Movie Classics. The new stock will trade as the Rainbow Media Group, a variation of Rainbow Media Holdings, the current name of the Cablevision subsidiary that houses the cable channels as well as several other assets, including Madison Square Garden.
p1064
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financings this week is confined to today's regular weekly auction of three- and six-month bills and a two-year note being auctioned on Wednesday. By the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 6.06 percent; a six-month bill was 6.03 percent. In when issued trading, the two-year note was being offered at a price to yield 6.26 percent.
p1065
aVNBC Internet, the online affiliate of the NBC television network, said yesterday that it would lay off 170 people, some 20 percent of its total work force of 850. About 100 employees were told yesterday they had been laid off, and the remaining positions will be eliminated by the end of the year, either through attrition, additional layoffs, or because certain units may be sold.
p1066
aVHarllee Branch Jr., a top utility executive and outspoken critic of such government-subsidized competitors as the Tennessee Valley Authority, died Wednesday at a nursing home in Atlanta. He was 94. Trained as a lawyer, Mr. Branch joined the Georgia Power Company in midcareer and quickly became its president. Then, in 1957, he was named chief executive of its parent, the Southern Company, a post he held until retiring in 1970.
p1067
aVOne of the oldest firms in the business of managing money for wealthy families, the Bessemer Trust Company, will announce today that it is buying the private-client and institutional-equity groups of a rival, Brundage, Story & Rose, executives of the firms said yesterday. Neither of the firms, which are privately held, would disclose the terms of the deal. But executives of the firms said the deal would add $4.5 billion in assets under management and about 800 clients to Bessemer, which has $33 billion under management and 1,300 clients.
p1068
asS'200009'
p1069
(lp1070
VTo the Editor: ''Where G.E. Falls Short: Diversity at the Top'' (Sept. 3) left me shaking my head. While genuine diversity, in attributes and background, can be a real plus for a company, why should race or sex matter? Segregationists thought people were defined by race, but didn't sensible people know better?
p1071
aVIN a few months, John F. Welch will step down as chief executive of the General Electric Company, leaving behind a remarkable 20-year run of earnings growth and near cultlike devotion. And the three front-runners to succeed this 20th-century business icon fit a pattern. All are gung-ho results-getters for the company -- and all are white men. In June, G.E. promoted three more executives who stand ready to replace any front-runner who bails out if he is not anointed as Mr. Welch's successor. These three, too, fit the mold: stellar growth-and-earnings producers, and all white men.
p1072
aVMerger negotiations between GE Capital, the financial services arm of General Electric, and Scottish Life, an Edinburgh-based mutual life insurance company, have been abandoned, people close to the negotiations said. GE Capital had been near a deal to buy Scottish Life for more than $:1 billion ($1.4 billion), but negotiations soured when new bidders emerged at the last minute, these people said. Scottish Life said that it had received proposals from interested parties, but declined to identify them. Likely candidates are Royal London Mutual Insurance Society Ltd. and Liverpool Victoria Friendly Society. Suzanne Kapner (NYT)
p1073
aVThe financial services arm of the General Electric Company, GE Capital, is close to announcing a deal worth $:1 billion, or about $1.42 billion, for Scottish Life Assurance, the mutual pension provider, people close to the situation said. Details of the deal are likely to be announced late in the week. GE Capital approached Edinburgh-based Scottish Life after it decided not to pursue a bid for Scottish Provident, another Edinburgh mutual life insurer that agreed last week to sell itself to Abbey National for $:1.8 billion. Scottish Life, with assets of $:9.7 billion, would give GE Capital a foothold in the British pension market. Suzanne Kapner
p1074
aVMaybe it is because they are used to a new season in the fall. But the Internet services that are tied to big television networks seem to be picking this month to showcase new versions of their sites. Two weeks ago, Walt Disney's Go.com, which incorporates sites related to its ABC and ESPN networks, introduced a complete redesign. And today, NBC Internet, a company partly owned by General Electric's NBC network, will introduce its new flagship NBCi.com. The site brings together under one name the features from a jumble of brands the company built and bought, including Snap, Xoom and NBC.com. (The MSNBC news site and the CNBC financial news site are separate.)
p1075
aVWhen General Motors announced last month that Carl C. Icahn was buying its stock, Wall Street analysts quickly surmised that he saw potential in the Hughes Electronics Corporation, the satellite-television unit. General Motors, which acquired Hughes Aircraft in 1985, has sought ways in recent years to unlock the value of the fast-growing unit, whose coveted satellite TV operation known as DirecTV is expected to have 10 million subscribers by year-end. Early on, G.M. issued a Hughes tracking stock, which reflects the performance of the unit.
p1076
aVTHE presentation of the Summer Olympics by NBC is making waves on Madison Avenue as well as in Australian pools as the network accepts a commercial it had rejected before the Games and pulls a second spot it had accepted pending viewer reaction. The decisions involved a commercial for a national antismoking campaign known as Truth, which is now running after being turned down in February, and a commercial for Nike athletic footwear and apparel, which was withdrawn after being broadcast from Friday through Sunday. The decisions are indicative of how the networks are finding it increasingly complicated to determine whether commercials -- particularly those intended to draw attention for contentious content -- are appropriate to run.
p1077
aVWells Fargo & Company agreed to buy most of the General Electric Company's mortgage business and to collect its loan payments, becoming the biggest processor of mortgage bills in the nation. Terms were not disclosed. The Wells Fargo Home Mortgage unit will administer $78.6 billion of loans for GE Capital Mortgage Services. San Francisco-based Wells Fargo will buy G.E.'s mortgage center and loan-origination business, as well as its loans awaiting approval.
p1078
aVHewlett-Packard is in negotiations to acquire the consulting unit of PricewaterhouseCoopers for as much as $20 billion, executives close to the talks said yesterday. These executives cautioned that the talks were at a delicate stage and could still break down.
p1079
aVA small Soviet-era factory called Oktava has a well-known fan: the musician Sting. The reason? Its microphones. The company, based in this small city three hours south of Moscow, was focused primarily on weapons production in Soviet times. But since the 1950's, when Moscow ordered mass production for everything from recording studios to telecommunications equipment, it has been making microphones that have lately found an unlikely global success.
p1080
asS'200512'
p1081
(lp1082
VThe General Electric Company said on Wednesday that it planned to sell 38 million Class A common shares of the life and mortgage insurance company Genworth Financial, reducing its stake to 20 percent. General Electric said the offering would be Thursday, with the price to be set after the close of trading on that day.
p1083
aVIn a verdict that offered something to both sides, Europe's second-highest court supported the European Commission's rejection of the $42 billion merger of General Electric and Honeywell. But even as it backed the Commission's ruling, the long-awaited decision from the Court of First Instance appeared to make it somewhat harder in the future for Brussels to reject merger proposals.
p1084
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would buy Arden Realty for about $3.2 billion in cash, giving G.E.'s real estate arm a presence in the California market. As part of the deal, Trizec Properties, a real estate investment trust, will acquire 13 Arden properties in Southern California from G.E. for about $1.6 billion.
p1085
aVA consortium of investment firms is in talks to acquire Affiliated Computer Services, a technology outsourcing company with clients that include General Electric and McDonald's, for about $8 billion, people briefed on the negotiations said. The group is led by the Texas Pacific Group and includes Bain Capital and the Blackstone Group, these people said. Silver Lake Partners had been part of the group, these people said, but recently dropped out.
p1086
aVStocks snapped four days of losses yesterday after the FedEx Corporation reported strong results, lifting transportation stocks, and deals were announced in technology and real estate. But declines in the Dow components General Motors and General Electric limited the gains.
p1087
aVThe MSNBC cable network plans to flood the Internet this week with its largest concentrated online pitch, running advertising on hundreds of Web sites and blogs. The cost of the campaign, to promote three prime-time programs, is estimated at just under $1 million. MSNBC, owned by Microsoft and the NBC Universal division of General Electric, will promote the shows -- with their hosts, Keith Olbermann, Rita Cosby and Joe Scarborough -- in ads that are to start appearing tomorrow and continue all day Wednesday. Some ads will promote segments on the shows about life online, like how marketers sponsor ''viral'' video clips that consumers can forward to each other.
p1088
aVTime Warner Names Bewkes, an Insider, As President and Chief Operating Officer Jeffrey M. Bewkes was named president and chief operating officer of Time Warner, putting him in line to succeed the chief executive, Richard D. Parsons. Time Warner executives emphasized that Mr. Bewkes's promotion was part of an orderly plan and not linked to the campaign of Carl C. Icahn, the financier who owns 3.1 percent of Time Warner with several hedge funds, to make major changes at the company to raise its share price. [Page C1.] Deutsche Bank Chief Executive to Be Retried A German federal court ruled that the head of Deutsche Bank, Josef Ackermann, would be tried again in a corporate criminal case, stirring doubts that he will survive at the bank's helm. [C1.] Senate Passes $40 Billion Budget-Cutting Plan The Senate blocked an effort to use an essential Pentagon spending bill to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling but passed a $40 billion budget-cutting plan as lawmakers traded legislative moves in a tense end-of-session chess match. [A1.] The Senate approved legislation that would complete the transition from analog to digital television by 2009 and create a federal program to help millions of households pay for equipment so that their analog television sets could continue to work. [C9.] Dow Gains, but Declines in G.E. and G.M. Limit Rise Stocks snapped four days of losses, but declines in the Dow components General Motors and General Electric limited the gains. G.M. lost 80 cents, or 4 percent, to close at $19.05 after the billionaire Kirk Kerkorian sold 12 million shares. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 28.18 points, or 0.3 percent, to close at 10,833.73. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained 3.17 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,262.79. The Nasdaq composite index was up 9.24 points, or 0.4 percent, at 2,231.66. [C15.] Qatar Makes a Name for Itself in Natural Gas The tiny emirate of Qatar is elbowing aside other energy-rich countries to become the leader in the emerging international market for natural gas. [C1.] Three Morgan Stanley Directors to Resign Morgan Stanley said that three directors closely allied to the previous leadership of Phillip J. Purcell would step down. The resignations of Edward A. Brennan, John W. Madigan and Miles L. Marsh, the recently appointed lead director, are the latest sign of a fundamental reshaping of the board by the firm's new chief executive, John J. Mack. [C4.] $440 Million in Restitution to Be Distributed A federal judge in Manhattan approved the distribution of 15,000 to 20,000 checks containing most of the $440 million in restitution apportioned in the $1.4 billion global settlement announced in 2003 over tainted research during the technology boom. Market Place. [C4.] New Jersey Hedge Fund Is Sued by Regulators Regulators have sued HMC International, a New Jersey hedge fund, and its two principals, accusing them of misappropriating $5.2 million of the firm's $12.9 million to pay for their lavish lifestyles. [C4.] Highs and Lows of Hedge Funds, Told by an Insider In a new book, Barton M. Biggs, the former Morgan Stanley strategist and now a hedge fund manager, acknowledges the stresses and excesses of the hedge fund business but also sympathizes with those determined to beat the odds and challenge the markets. [C1.] I.B.M. to Buy Micromuse, a Web Software Company I.B.M. announced that it would pay $865 million for Micromuse Inc., whose software is used to manage Internet-based computing networks that handle voice and video as well as data. [C9.] Scientists Report Tamiflu Resistance in 2 Who Died Two patients who died from avian influenza in Vietnam had developed resistance to the antiviral drug Tamiflu, scientists are reporting. [A31.] More Companies Show Off Environmental Side A growing list of big-name companies appear to be spending ever-bigger chunks of their advertising budgets to promote it. A General Electric elephant, for one, high-stepped on national television right after the company introduced its Ecomagination line of products last May, dancing for joy at how G.E. is ''in step with nature.'' It has been followed by four product-specific environmental ads and a spate of print ads, and the company has a fresh Ecomagination campaign planned for next year. Advertising. [C5.] BlackBerry Maker Lowers Growth Expectations Research in Motion, the Canadian maker of the BlackBerry e-mail device, said its third-quarter profit rose 33 percent. But growing customer uncertainty stemming from a patent infringement lawsuit that might lead to a shutdown of most BlackBerry service in the United States caused R.I.M. to lower its expectations for growth. [C9.]
p1089
aVFive years ago, 3M selected a star manager in W. James McNerney Jr., a General Electric division head who had been hailed as a leading candidate to succeed John F. Welch Jr. at the helm of G.E. Five months ago, Mr. McNerney abruptly left 3M to join Boeing. And yesterday, 3M named George W. Buckley, the low-profile leader of the Brunswick Corporation, as its new chairman and chief executive.
p1090
aVIllinois Supreme Court Throws Out $10 Billion Philip Morris Judgment The Supreme Court of Illinois threw out a $10 billion judgment against Philip Morris USA in a class-action suit that had accused the company of deceiving smokers in a marketing campaign for its ''light'' cigarettes with lower levels of tar and nicotine. [Page C1.] House Passes Bill Meant to Improve Pension System The House passed a measure aimed at strengthening America's system of company pensions, but many members said they considered the bill flawed and hoped to amend it before final passage. [C1.] Consumer Price Index Declined in November The nation's chief measure of inflation, the Consumer Price Index, fell by six-tenths of a percent in November, the biggest drop since the Truman administration, but that did not relieve pressure on the Federal Reserve to keep raising interest rates. [C1.] Bass Family Said to Sell Pipeline Company The Bass family of Texas agreed to sell one its last businesses, a gas pipeline company, to Southern Union for $1.6 billion in cash, according to people involved in the deal. [C3.] Bear Stearns to Pay $250 Million to Settle Fund Case Bear Stearns said that it would pay $250 million to regulators to settle accusations that the firm engaged in abusive mutual fund trading practices. The settlement caps a lengthy and arduous negotiations process between the firm and the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange and makes Bear the last major Wall Street firm to pay fines in connection with improper fund trading practices first uncovered by Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, in 2003. [C3.] Goldman Sachs Quarterly Earnings Rise 37% Goldman Sachs said that fourth-quarter earnings rose 37 percent from the quarter a year ago, fueled by growth in its three main businesses: trading, investment banking and investment management. [C3.] Oracle reported quarterly sales and profits that met Wall Street expectations as a strong performance in business software overcame sluggish growth in database software. [C2.] Pressure Builds to Change Food Marketing to Children As major food producers face scrutiny over their role in contributing to rising childhood obesity rates, they, and some other companies, are under pressure to make major changes in the way they sell their products to children. [C1.] Russian Firm Sharply Raises Ukraine's Gas Rate The Russian natural gas company Gazprom is demanding that Ukraine pay Western European rates for Russian gas -- more than four times what it pays now -- or hand over control of its gas pipeline network to a consortium to be run by Russia, Germany and Ukraine. [C5.] NTL of Britain Replaces Its Chief Executive The British cable and telephone company NTL unexpectedly replaced its president and chief executive, Simon Duffy, with an executive from Comcast, Stephen Burch. [C5.] Major U.S. Stock Indicators Decline Stocks slipped Thursday as lower crude oil prices weighed on the shares of major energy companies. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.84 points, to end at 10,881.67. The S.& P. 500 was down 1.80 points, at 1,270.94. The Nasdaq composite index was down 1.96 points, at 2,260.63. [C7.] Zucker Named Chief of NBC Universal Television NBC elevated Jeff Zucker, left, one of the fastest-rising executives in the network's history, to chief executive of the NBC Universal Television Group yesterday, establishing him as the likely successor to NBC's longtime leader, Bob Wright. The move was announced by Mr. Wright, who remains chairman of NBC Universal as well as vice chairman of NBC's parent, General Electric, and it realigns NBC management, with Mr. Zucker at the top. [C4.] Lawsuit Challenges Microsoft Patents Visto, a maker of software for wireless e-mail, filed suit seeking to block the sale of an e-mail service being developed by Microsoft. [C7.] Conrad Black Indicted on Four More Charges Conrad M. Black, former chairman of the publishing company Hollinger International, was indicted by a grand jury on four new federal charges. [C4.] Venture Firm Aims to Reshape Video Game Industry A $300 million investment by Elevation Partners, a venture capital firm in Silicon Valley, could to lead to a drive to reshape the industry by giving more control to the software engineers and designers who create games -- potentially at the expense of game publishers. Street Scene. [C6.] Lowe, a Legendary Adman, to Open London Agency Frank Lowe, whose advertising career began in the 1960's, is emerging from retirement and starting another agency, scheduled to open next month in London. Advertising. [C4.]
p1091
aVA sharp jump in productivity, the biggest surge in two years, lifted stocks yesterday, but early gains sputtered, leaving the market up only slightly at the close. Investors welcomed word from the Labor Department that the nation's productivity rose 4.7 percent over the summer. That helped push labor costs lower, easing fears of inflation on Wall Street.
p1092
asS'200109'
p1093
(lp1094
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it remained on track to deliver double-digit earnings growth this year, despite a looming recession and pressure on its insurance and aerospace businesses after last week's terrorist attacks in the United States. Jeffrey R. Immelt, the new chief executive, credited G.E.'s diversity of operations -- which span manufacturing, broadcasting, medical systems, finance and aerospace -- for giving it the wherewithal to grow during trying times. He said G.E.'s Medical Systems, Power Systems and GE Capital businesses were positioned for earnings growth of more than 20 percent next year.
p1095
aVOfficially, the baton does not pass until tomorrow. That's when Jeffrey R. Immelt takes over the top spot at the General Electric Company, and John F. Welch Jr. leaves. Tonight, there are the going-away festivities: some 200 people will gather at Crotonville, G.E.'s management school, for a roast of their departing chairman and chief executive. ''I'm going to get hammered,'' Mr. Welch laughingly predicted. But of course, the transition has been in progress for months. Since November, when Mr. Immelt was anointed as Mr. Welch's successor, G.E. aficionados have bandied about the question: Can ''the House That Jack Built'' thrive without Jack?
p1096
aVGE Medical Systems, a unit of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire Imatron Inc., a San Francisco-based pioneer of electron beam tomography scanners, for about $200 million. GE Medical said it would pay Imatron shareholders $1.89 a share, payable in G.E. stock, to acquire the company, which makes medical scanners that are used at more than 150 major medical facilities and imaging centers around the world.
p1097
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., once known for hot-tempered volatility, seems almost unflappable these days. He smiles a lot, jokes a lot, teases visitors, absolutely exudes relaxed bonhomie. But that's not because his grueling 20-year tenure at the helm of General Electric ended on Friday. It's because his book, ''Jack: Straight From the Gut,'' hits stores this week, and he doesn't have to tweak it anymore. ''Writing a book is brutal, exhausting, tormenting, but everyone should do it when they leave a company,'' Mr. Welch said on Tuesday. ''It lets you reflect on things and close the chapter. Now I can really do the things that I love.'' So what are they? Well, he has set himself up as a coach to a half-dozen other chief executives, whom he won't identify but characterized as ''all winners'' who want him to hone their leadership skills. ''It's my dream job,'' Mr. Welch enthused, one that he'll be doing from a rented office in Shelton, Conn., 10 minutes from his Fairfield home. But some command performances come first, starting on Tuesday with an interview on ''Today'' (on G.E.-owned NBC, of course) and followed by myriad talks, TV appearances and parties in New York to plug the book. Then comes a book tour to more than a dozen cities in the United States, several in Europe and at least one in Asia.
p1098
aVTO publish a successful book, you often must create a certain amount of hype. John F. Welch Jr. and Warner Books knew that as they geared up to publish the memoirs of Mr. Welch, who retired as chairman and chief executive of General Electric on Sept. 7. ''Jack: Straight From the Gut,'' was distributed to bookstores after his retirement, but excerpts had already appeared in business magazines and in Vanity Fair (with photographs by Annie Leibovitz, no less). Relying on the reach of both Warner's parent company, AOL Time Warner, and G.E.'s own NBC television network, Mr. Welch whipped up a media frenzy until Sept. 11, when publicity events surrounding the book were canceled because of the terrorist attacks in New York and Washington.
p1099
aVThe General Electric Company and Honeywell International Inc. have appealed the European Commission's rejection of their $45 billion merger, the European Court of Justice said today. The companies filed separate cases with the court's appeals division, which restricts reviews to procedural questions, said a spokeswoman, Fionnuala Connolly. A spokeswoman for General Electric, Louise Binns, confirmed the appeal but declined to give details.
p1100
aVThe terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center will cause the cost of commercial coverage to rise by at least 20 percent as insurers struggle to recoup losses in the worst insurance disaster in history, insurers and analysts said yesterday. Even then, they said, some insurance companies are certain to fail under the burden of claims that may run as high as $30 billion to $40 billion.
p1101
aVA leading maker of electrical fittings, Schneider Electric S.A., said that European antitrust regulators were recommending that the European Commission reject its $6 billion purchase of Legrand S.A. The company had relied on the purchase, which was completed in July, to offer products like phone jacks and motion sensors to compete with ABB Ltd. and General Electric. Now, Schneider may have to sell Legrand, or parts of it, at a loss as economic growth slows and stocks slide, analysts said.
p1102
aVLOCKHEED MARTIN CORP., Bethesda, Md., the military contractor, said it had won a contract to build three satellites for General Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn. G.E.'s American Communications unit will use them to broadcast cable television programming. Terms were not disclosed. WEBSTER BANK, Waterbury, Conn., said it would add at least 20 branches and 35 automated teller machine locations in Connecticut over the next three years.
p1103
aVDEEP within I.B.M.'s Almaden Research Center, a stunning hillside campus tucked away in a nature preserve south of Silicon Valley, Donald M. Eigler presides over a three-room nook that bristles with tools to pick up, move and corral individual atoms. Like Dr. Eigler, 48, a physicist who wears his hair in a ponytail -- and pads around Almaden with a dog named Argon, after the chemical element -- the equipment in the lab is both sophisticated and approachable. The million-dollar atom movers operate in vacuums at temperatures so low that the atoms are nearly rigid. The machines produce sharp pictures of individual atoms, yet the controls in an adjacent room are an everyday keyboard and mouse.
p1104
asS'200108'
p1105
(lp1106
VGeneral Electric and Qwest Communications International have formed a joint venture that will let hospitals store and retrieve digital images using a high-speed fiber optic network. The agreement, for three years, is expected to generate $250 million in revenue, the companies said. GE Medical Systems is the biggest maker of medical imaging machines. Qwest, a phone service provider, runs a 113,000-mile fiber optic network. GE Medical Systems is based in Waukesha, Wis., and has about $8 billion in annual revenue.
p1107
aVGeneral Electric plans to close a Philadelphia plant where 216 workers make protection devices for industrial turbines. The company expects to buy the devices from outside to cut costs. Nearly half the workers are eligible for early retirement, said a spokeswoman for GE Industrial Systems, the division that makes the equipment. The plant mostly supplies another unit, GE Power Systems.
p1108
aVGeneral Motors said today that it planned to develop and market fuel cells to heat and power homes and businesses by the middle of the decade to further a technology it expects to supplant the internal combustion engine. But G.M., like other automakers, does not plan to introduce fuel cell vehicles to the public until at least the end of the decade. ''Our commitment is to drive towards significant volume, hundreds of thousands, by the end of the decade,'' Larry Burns, G.M.'s vice president for research and development, said at a major automotive conference. ''It can change the world,'' he added. ''Automobiles can be reinvented around this technology.''
p1109
aVGeneral Electric is planning to appeal the European Commission's decision to block its acquisition of Honeywell International, executives close to the company said yesterday. G.E.'s decision to appeal is not aimed at resurrecting the deal, the executives said, but is an effort to nullify the ruling that it has a dominant position in the aerospace sector. That ruling, if left unchallenged, could prevent G.E. from making future acquisitions -- both in the United States and in Europe -- because it certifies the view of European regulators that the company already has an overwhelming share of the market.
p1110
aVKRAFT FOODS INC., Northfield Ill., bought the ''It's Pasta Anytime'' pasta-and-sauce meals business from the Borden Foods Corp., a unit of AEP Industries, South Hackensack, N.J., a maker of polythylene products. Terms were not disclosed. REED ELSEVIER P.L.C., London, a publisher of scientific journals, said it would buy Classroom Connect Inc., Brisbane, Calif., an Internet-training business for teachers. Terms were not disclosed.
p1111
aVJeffrey Skilling, the chief executive of the Enron Corporation, stunned Wall Street today by announcing that he would quit after just six months in the job, calling the move a ''purely personal decision.'' But the abruptness of the departure left many analysts questioning whether a series of setbacks the company has suffered played a part in the decision.
p1112
aVHelped by increased sales of commercial jet engines and spare parts, Rolls-Royce said its first-half profit rose more than fourfold. Net income increased to 85 million ($123 million), or 5.35 pence a share, compared with 18 million, or 1.15 pence a share, last year. Sales grew 15 percent, to 3 billion ($4.3 billion). Sales of commercial jet engines grew 40 percent, and the number of engines already on planes that require spare parts and servicing is on the rise, the company said. The No. 2 engine maker in the world, Rolls is winning market share at the expense of Pratt & Whitney, a unit of United Technologies, which is the industry's third largest. General Electric remains the market leader. Suzanne Kapner (NYT)
p1113
aVTheodore J. Forstmann is a gambler. For months, Mr. Forstmann, a New York financier, has been holding a losing hand on a $1 billion bet he made on McLeodUSA, a telephone company whose stock has tumbled 88 percent in the last six months. Now he has decided to roll the dice and ante up even more.
p1114
aVDESPITE the strong run-up in value stocks since the start of last year, there is plenty more room for them to climb, says Matthew B. Fahey, who runs the $165 million Marshall Mid-Cap Value fund. The stock market favors growth and value stocks in cycles, he said, with value starting to dominate in early 2000 for the fourth time in 25 years. The cycles have lasted nearly six years, on average, ''so we're just at the start of the next value run,'' Mr. Fahey said from his Milwaukee office, overlooking Lake Michigan.
p1115
aVMicrosoft won back support from money managers in the second quarter as it recorded a partial victory in the courtroom, according to recent regulatory filings. The renewed popularity helped propel the stock to a 33.5 percent gain from April to June, and came even as the biggest money management firms continued to trim their overall holdings in the technology sector.
p1116
asS'196909'
p1117
(lp1118
sS'196908'
p1119
(lp1120
sS'196907'
p1121
(lp1122
sS'196906'
p1123
(lp1124
sS'196905'
p1125
(lp1126
sS'196904'
p1127
(lp1128
sS'196903'
p1129
(lp1130
sS'196902'
p1131
(lp1132
sS'196901'
p1133
(lp1134
sS'200106'
p1135
(lp1136
VThe General Dynamics Corporation extended a $2.6 billion cash offer for Newport News Shipbuilding to July 6 because federal antitrust regulators requested more information on the proposal. The $67.50-a-share offer for Newport News expired Friday. About 20.2 million, or 68 percent, of the Newport News shares had been tendered, General Dynamics said. General Dynamics, which is based in Falls Church, Va., and owns the Bath Iron Works and Electric Boat naval shipyards, and a rival, the Northrop Grumman Corporation, based in Los Angeles, are vying for Newport News, the only remaining independent naval shipbuilder. Newport News, based in the Virginia city of the same name, said it supported the bid from General Dynamics.
p1137
aVGeneral Motors signed a 25-year partnership today to work on hydrogen production, storage and refueling as part of its plan to mass-produce cars that run on fuel cells, which make electric current without combustion. The agreement today, with General Hydrogen, a company whose founder was a fuel cell pioneer, follows G.M.'s announcement on Tuesday that it is investing in Quantum Technologies, a unit of Impco Technologies that makes hydrogen storage systems. More such announcements are coming, company officials said.
p1138
aVGeneral Electric will unveil a new light bulb today that the company says will make colors appear more vivid. But a competitor accuses the company of acting irresponsibly. The bulb, called Reveal, filters out red, yellow and green light with a chemical element called neodymium, a rare-earth metal used in the coloring of glass.
p1139
aVThe scheduled meeting between the General Electric chief executive, John F. Welch Jr., and the European competition commissioner, Mario Monti, has been deferred, the company said. Mr. Welch is in Brussels with a team of lawyers representing G.E. and Honeywell International to negotiate regulatory approval of their $41 billion merger. G.E. has until the middle of next week to deal with European regulators' objections to the deal. Unless G.E. abandons the deal, a final ruling will be made at the weekly meeting of European commissioners on July 4 or July 11. Paul Meller (NYT)
p1140
aVEuropean regulators have told General Electric that its last-minute effort to revive its proposed acquisition of Honeywell International will not be enough, sounding a death knell for the $45 billion deal. While the position taken by the European Commission does not represent a final, official rejection, it leaves General Electric with only a few days to try to salvage the deal. Executives close to the company said late today that G.E. was unlikely to come back to the table with a new proposal.
p1141
aVAs General Electric and European regulators enter a final round of meetings over the proposed acquisition of Honeywell International, the chief obstacle to approval of the deal appears to be G.E.'s aircraft-leasing division. John F. Welch Jr., the chief executive of General Electric, will meet on Friday with Mario Monti, the European competition commissioner, in an effort to win approval for the $45 billion deal, which has already been cleared by the United States Justice Department. The European Commission must rule by July 12.
p1142
aVWhy is General Electric still vigorously lobbying regulators about its planned acquisition of Honeywell International if the deal is really dead? Maybe because it isn't -- or at least not yet. Top executives from G.E. and Honeywell, including G.E.'s chairman, John F. Welch Jr., met on Monday to discuss ways of resuscitating negotiations with European regulators, according to executives close to the companies.
p1143
aVEarlier this year, Honeywell International's chairman, Michael R. Bonsignore, expressed confidence that his company's efforts to integrate with the General Electric Company would pay off quickly once the deal was completed. The merger of the two companies, of course, seems to be unraveling because of opposition from European regulators. Honeywell would almost certainly remain a takeover target, but there might well be a long period where it must go it alone. And the efforts it has made to merge with G.E., while hurting it in the short run, could make it stronger in the long term.
p1144
aVAmid signs of political pressure from the United States, the European Commission said today that a ''limited opportunity'' remained for General Electric to offer more concessions to win approval of its planned $45 billion acquisition of Honeywell International, even though the deadline for new concessions had passed. President Bush said at a news conference in Warsaw today that ''we brought up the proposed merger at the appropriate levels during this trip and before the trip.''
p1145
aVFurthering its ambitions to expand in Britain, GE Capital, the financial services arm of the General Electric Company, has agreed to buy National Mutual, a British insurer, for 570 million ($807 million), the companies said. National Mutual, which began reviewing its status in March, said its 160,000 policyholders would receive 500 each as compensation for loss of their membership status. The company said policyholders who have so-called with-profits plans would get additional payments totaling about 290 million in the form of enhanced final bonuses. Suzanne Kapner (NYT)
p1146
asS'197112'
p1147
(lp1148
sS'197111'
p1149
(lp1150
sS'197110'
p1151
(lp1152
sS'196411'
p1153
(lp1154
sS'196410'
p1155
(lp1156
sS'196412'
p1157
(lp1158
sS'200202'
p1159
(lp1160
VGeneral Electric's planned purchase of Unison Industries, a maker of aircraft engine parts, will be investigated by European antitrust regulators after four countries ruled that it might affect competition, the British Department of Trade and Industry said. Regulators in Britain, France, Germany and Spain have asked the European Commission to look into the takeover, the department said. ''We have only done this once before,'' a spokeswoman for the department said. ''The main thing of interest is the vertical relationship between Unison as a manufacturer of engine parts and G.E. as a manufacturer of engines.''
p1161
aVEnron, desperate for cash, hopes to raise $1.4 billion by selling its electric utility here in a deal that the utility's biggest industrial clients say enriches executives at the expense of customers big and small. Electric rates would remain high here, corporate and consumer critics said, because the money for this deal would carry high junk-bond interest rates and require rapid repayment both to investors and to lenders led by Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse First Boston.
p1162
aVThe sale of the Dabhol Power project, one of the Enron Corporation's biggest assets overseas and one of its most troublesome, has become mired in delays and confusion, not least over who is in charge. Enron owns 65 percent of the $2.9 billion project, which was built to supply electricity to the state utility in Maharashtra, the Indian state surrounding Bombay. Two companies involved in building the plant, General Electric and Bechtel, each own 10 percent, and the utility owns the rest. Payment arrears and a pricing dispute with the utility led Enron, which managed the project, to shut it last June.
p1163
aVGE Specialty Materials, a unit of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it had agreed to buy BetzDearborn, a division of Hercules Inc., for $1.8 billion. BetzDearborn, based in Trevose, Pa., is one of the largest industrial water treatment companies. GE Specialty Materials includes silicones, chemicals, superabrasives, quartz and industrial diamonds. The acquisition will add $1 billion in annual sales, G.E. said. GE also announced that its medical systems unit planned to buy iPath, a developer of surgery information management software for hospitals. The value of the deal was not disclosed.
p1164
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said it would buy KVB-Enertec Inc., Hatfield, Pa., a maker of air emissions monitoring equipment, and Visualization Technology Inc., Lawrence, Mass., a maker of tracking systems that let physicians see instruments during minimally invasive procedures. Terms were not disclosed. MAVERICK TUBE CORP., St. Louis, a maker of steel tubes used by oil drillers, said it would buy Precision Tube Holding Corp., North Wales, Pa., a maker of coiled tubing used in drilling, pipelines and oil fields, for $57.2 million in cash and stock.
p1165
aVAS the sun slowly sets on the tantrums, Roots berets and disqualifications of the 19th Olympic Winter Games, we bid a fond farewell to the trillions of commercials that appeared on NBC, CNBC and MSNBC and collectively exclaim, ''Well, it could have been worse.'' Because the Olympic commercials began only five days after a Super Bowl that was replete with tacky, tasteless and hyperpatriotic spots, there had been little hope that Madison Avenue could avoid a second straight stumble. But many commercials shown during the 17 days of the Winter Games were surprisingly better than expected, certainly surpassing the botched batches that made viewers cringe during the last few Olympics.
p1166
aVThough the General Accounting Office plans to sue the White House to learn how much influence Enron and other energy companies had on the Bush administration's energy policies, one scorecard has been publicly available for months. In its National Energy Strategy, a 170-page list of recommendations released in May, the Bush administration detailed its views on regulating electricity transmission, using coal and natural gas resources and controlling pollution, all vital to Enron.
p1167
aVExecutives at many companies are telling analysts and investors to expect more detailed disclosures in their year-end filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A host of companies from Krispy Kreme Doughnuts to General Electric to I.B.M. have indicated that they will be disclosing more about their finances. The moves are in response to investor uneasiness after the Enron collapse and to S.E.C. guidance last month about what it expects to be in the latest crop of annual reports, most of which will be filed in the next few weeks.
p1168
aVWHEN Enron caved in last December, investors with the good fortune to have none of the energy giant's stock in their portfolios no doubt breathed a collective sigh of relief. But it has become increasingly clear in the two months since Enron's bankruptcy filing that an investor did not have to own Enron shares to have been hurt by the largest business scandal in decades. Each revelation in the saga has added to suspicion that Enron may not be an anomaly, that much greater risk resides in stocks today than investors had thought.
p1169
aVKenneth L. Lay strode onto a ballroom stage at the Hyatt Regency Hill Country Resort in San Antonio, walking between two giant screens that displayed his projected image. Before him, bright light from the ballroom's chandeliers spilled across scores of round tables where executives from the Enron Corporation waited to hear the words of Mr. Lay, their longtime chairman and chief executive. This meeting of hundreds of Enron executives in the first week of January 2001 was a time of revelry, a chance to celebrate a year when business seemed good -- even better than good. At night, according to executives who attended, Champagne and liquor flowed from the open bar, while fistfuls of free cigars were available for the taking. Executives could belly up to temporary gambling tables for high-stakes games of poker. Others found their excitement in the company-sponsored car race; one executive had even hired a truck to transport his three Ferraris from Houston for the event.
p1170
asS'200203'
p1171
(lp1172
VGeneral Electric's planned purchase of Unison Industries, a maker of aircraft engine parts, will be investigated by European antitrust regulators after four countries ruled that it might affect competition, the British Department of Trade and Industry said. Regulators in Britain, France, Germany and Spain have asked the European Commission to look into the takeover, the department said. ''We have only done this once before,'' a spokeswoman for the department said. ''The main thing of interest is the vertical relationship between Unison as a manufacturer of engine parts and G.E. as a manufacturer of engines.''
p1173
aVThe General Electric Company's financing unit plans to raise $6 billion in the biggest corporate debt sale this year, tapping the bond market before an economic recovery drives up borrowing costs. The GE Capital Corporation, which generates half its parent's revenue, will sell the bonds as soon as today. GE Capital will sell $2 billion of three-year floating-rate notes, $1 billion of five-year fixed-rated notes and $3 billion of 30-year bonds, a GE Capital spokeswoman, Marissa Moretti, said. The sale would top the Weyerhaeuser Company's $5.5 billion offering last week.
p1174
aVThe Calpine Corporation, a builder and operator of power plants, delayed or canceled $3 billion of turbine purchases and obtained $1.6 billion in bank credit to shore up its finances. Cancellation penalties and unrefunded deposits on 35 General Electric Company turbines will reduce profit by $98 million this quarter, the chief executive, Peter Cartwright, said. Calpine also deferred delivery and payment on 81 more turbines from General Electric, Siemens and the Toshiba Corporation. Calpine reduced the amount it is spending on turbines by $1.2 billion this year and $1.8 billion in 2003.
p1175
aVThe Xerox Corporation received $557 million from General Electric as part of a plan for its GE Capital finance arm to take over most of the equipment financing for Xerox's customers. The deal is secured, Xerox said, by $266 million in lease receivables from the United States and $291 million from Canada. The company also set up customer-financing agreements for Mexico and Brazil. Terms were not disclosed. Xerox now has about $4.8 billion in cash. The chief executive, Anne M. Mulcahy, has turned to third-party financing because Xerox's credit rating, which is below investment grade, prevents it from borrowing at competitive rates.
p1176
aVMANAGEMENT and computing have always been an odd couple. The disciplines are so different. Consider the basic craft of writing software, the programming instructions that animate everything from a laptop computer to the Internet. The task is mathematical and precise. The code runs or it has errors. It is a world of right and wrong answers, with a satisfying clarity.
p1177
aVGeneral Electric, worried that it might be tarred with the Enron brush, released its annual report yesterday with fanfare, saying the financial section ''contains approximately 30 percent more content,'' including more information on results of operating segments. ''We manage businesses, not earnings,'' Jeffrey R. Immelt, G.E.'s chairman, wrote in his letter to shareholders. ''G.E. is a company you can trust, delivering excellent earnings achieved with integrity and a transparency unsurpassed in global business.''
p1178
aVIT'S been more than three months since Ferdinando Beccalli was appointed General Electric's first chief executive for Europe. By his reckoning, he has not slept three nights in the same bed since. He's been traipsing around Europe, visiting customers, regulators -- yes, including Mario Monti, the European Union commissioner who scuttled G.E.'s merger with Honeywell International last year -- and employees.
p1179
aVThe Enron Corporation will try to remove its Portland General Electric unit from a list of businesses now barred by the General Services Administration from doing new business with the federal government for 12 months. ''We do not understand why P.G.E. was included, but we will be taking the necessary steps to remove them from the G.S.A.'s list,'' an Enron spokesman, John Ambler, said today.
p1180
aVYOU know that investors have left La-La Land when a titan like General Electric is taken to the woodshed by one of them. Last Wednesday, William H. Gross, manager of the world's largest bond fund at Pacific Investment Management, castigated G.E., saying it was not disclosing enough about its operations or financing needs to bond investors. Mr. Gross's comments on Pimco's Web site followed G.E.'s issuance of $11 billion in debt and filing of a $50 billion shelf offering, letting it come to market for that money any time.
p1181
aVGeneral Electric is considering selling its commercial insurance business just as the industry is rebounding from heavy losses from the September terrorist attacks, people close to the company said yesterday. Prices for coverage are soaring and analysts are predicting a new era of profitability. A sale of the business, the Employers Reinsurance Company, would mean that G.E. would not share in any future insurance profits of the unit, which deals mainly in property-casualty. Analysts said, however, that G.E. would probably receive its best price for the unit while the outlook was rapidly improving.
p1182
asS'200201'
p1183
(lp1184
VThe General Electric Company said today that its fourth-quarter earnings rose 9.7 percent as it cut costs and sales fell. Net income increased to $3.93 billion, or 39 cents a share, compared with $3.59 billion, or 36 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
p1185
aVA unit of General Electric said yesterday that it had reached agreement to buy two leasing businesses of Comdisco Inc. for about $665 million in cash and assumed debt as Comdisco tries to emerge from bankruptcy proceedings. GE Capital, the finance arm of General Electric, said it would acquire Comdisco's electronics and laboratory and scientific leasing businesses. Comdisco will also receive payments if the transferred leases exceed certain performance goals. Comdisco, based in Rosemont, Ill., said it expected to complete evaluating bids for its remaining leasing businesses -- information technology, telecommunications and health care -- by the end of the month.
p1186
aVDaimlerChrysler said yesterday that it had sold part of its capital services portfolio to GE Capital, part of the General Electric Company, for 1.3 billion euros ($1.1 billion). ''The sale is part of DaimlerChrysler's strategy to focus on the automotive business as well as automotive related services,'' Daimler said. DaimlerChrysler Capital Services has a portfolio of about 130 billion euros ($114 billion), the company said. The unit deals with the commercial financing of aircraft, commercial real estate and ships.
p1187
aVThe discount retailer Ames Department Stores said yesterday that it had received a financing proposal from GE Capital, a unit of General Electric, that would help it emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization this year. Ames, based in Rocky Hill, Conn., also said its performance during the Christmas shopping season was good. ''Ames has had a successful holiday season in all respects including sales, gross margins and earnings,'' the chief executive, Joseph R. Ettore, said in a statement. He said the company has been able to improve its performance by closing 151 stores and one distribution center as a result of the Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing five months ago.
p1188
aVWith the White House preparing for a showdown over its refusal to tell Congress about contacts between Enron and the administration's energy task force, House Republican leaders backed the White House today. Several Republican senators, however, varied from the party line. After a morning meeting with President Bush, the Republican House speaker, Dennis Hastert, and the majority leader, Dick Armey, came down staunchly in the White House camp. Echoing the often-repeated White House position, Mr. Hastert said, ''I think it's proprietary information.
p1189
aVHCC INSURANCE HOLDINGS INC., Houston, a property and casualty insurance underwriter, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to sell $322.5 million in securities. OLYMPIC CASCADE FINANCIAL CORP., Seattle, a securities brokerage firm, said its WestAmerica Investment group had stopped conducting business as a broker-dealer and would file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy. The company does not expect to have any liability for the unpaid obligations of WestAmerica, which has been operated as a separate legal entity.
p1190
aVU.S. CONCRETE, Houston, a maker of ready-mixed concrete, said it had bought the assets of a quarry in Hamburg, N.J., from a unit of Lafarge S.A., Paris. Terms were not disclosed. MEDTRONIC, Minneapolis, a maker of pacemakers and other heart-rhythm devices, said it had acquired the Paceart business from Medical Systems, a unit of General Electric, Fairfield, Conn., adding systems that monitor patients through the Internet. Terms were not disclosed.
p1191
aVDENTSPLY INTERNATIONAL INC., York, Pa., a maker of dentures, said it bought Austenal Inc., Chicago, a provider of denture products and systems, for about $18.3 million in cash. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said it would invest $100 million in a multiyear project to upgrade an operation near Albany.
p1192
aVAN ambitious campaign meant to change behavior, not sell products, is under way, the first of its scope since Sept. 11 that is unrelated to the terrorist attacks. The public service campaign seeks to recruit adults as mentors for children by designating January as what 17 nonprofit organizations hope will be the first annual National Mentoring Month.
p1193
aVA major division of the Enron Corporation overstated its profits by hundreds of millions of dollars over the last three years, and senior Enron executives were warned almost a year ago that the division's profits were illusory, according to several former employees. The division, Enron Energy Services, competed with utilities to sell electricity and natural gas to commercial and industrial customers. It was run by Lou L. Pai, who sold $353 million in Enron stock over the last three years, more than any other Enron executive, and Thomas E. White, who left Enron to become secretary of the Army last June.
p1194
asS'200206'
p1195
(lp1196
VThe Avista Corporation, a utility owner in the Northwest, and the Portland General Electric unit of Enron received subpoenas from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission seeking records on ''wash'' trades. The commission asked Avista and Portland General Electric for records dating to January 2000, spokesmen for the companies said. In wash or round-trip trades, companies simultaneously buy and sell power or natural gas at the same price. The trades can be used to increase trading volume or revenue. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission and other agencies have been investigating energy companies' trading practices after Enron sought bankruptcy protection in December.
p1197
aVThe utility holding company CMS Energy Corporation said yesterday that it would eliminate speculative trading and cut jobs at its energy marketing unit, which is being investigated by regulators for questionable trading practices. The company also cut its profit forecast because of decreased energy trading activity. In the first quarter, the energy marketing and trading business generated $7 million of the $96 million of net operating income reported by the company. CMS, based in Dearborn, Mich., said that 50 of the marketing unit's 200 jobs would be cut. The company said it would sell a subsidiary of the marketing unit, CMS Viron, and its one-third ownership of Centennial Pipeline. CMS also said its general counsel, Rodger A. Kershner, had resigned. The company's share price fell $1.75, or 14 percent, to $11.
p1198
aVThe WorldCom debacle will take a bite out of earnings in the second quarter, a few big companies disclosed yesterday. American Express said it would write down its WorldCom debt of about $90 million, most of which is in the investment portfolio of American Express Financial Advisers. The write-down, the company warned, would probably result in a pretax investment loss in the second quarter of $75 million to $80 million.
p1199
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would sell 90 percent of GE Global eXchange Services, its electronic commerce unit, to Francisco Partners, a buyout firm in Menlo Park, Calif. The deal, valued at $800 million, is expected to give G.E. a pretax profit of about $500 million.
p1200
aVThe Avista Corporation, the Williams Companies and two other energy traders, threatened by regulators for not cooperating with an investigation of California power prices, stood by claims today that they did not manipulate the state's energy markets. Avista, which is based in Spokane, is accused of trading with Enron and its Portland General subsidiary to export power from California, then resell it to the state at a higher price. It said a review showed ''standard buy/sell transactions'' did not match those under investigation.
p1201
aVFederal regulators threatened today to strip four large energy traders of their ability to charge unregulated rates for electricity because of their responses to inquiries about their strategies in California. In an order issued late today, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said it appeared that three of the companies -- El Paso Electric, the Avista Corporation and Portland General Electric, an Enron subsidiary -- may have submitted false information to the commission in response to inquiries about whether they engaged in manipulative energy trading strategies in California. The fourth, the energy trading unit of the Williams Companies, has simply refused to answer a crucial question, the commission said.
p1202
aVProdded by big employers and hospitals, one of the nation's largest nonprofit health plans will announce a financial payoff today for hospitals that meet widely accepted standards for high-quality care. Blue Shield of California is introducing the incentive program after sharp criticism by some of the state's best-known hospitals, which objected to a new system under which Blue Shield and a few other health plans publicized and favored certain hospitals solely on the basis of lower costs.
p1203
aVEMIRATES AIRLINE, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, said it had awarded a $1.5 billion order for 140 engines to power its Airbus SAS A380 planes to General Electric, Fairfield, Conn., and the Pratt & Whitney unit of United Technologies, Hartford. MBNA CORP., Wilmington, Del., the world's second- largest issuer of credit cards, said it would split its stock 3-for-2 on July 15 for shareholders of record on July 1 and increase its quarterly dividend by 5 percent, to 7 cents a post-split share.
p1204
aVRobert C. Stempel spent the bulk of his career selling a very traditional power source: the internal combustion engine. But since his resignation as General Motors' chief executive nearly 10 years ago, his energy has gone into more environmentally friendly alternatives. Tomorrow, he dives even deeper into that realm by inaugurating the world's largest solar panel factory. Energy Conversion Devices -- Robert Stempel, chairman -- is a joint-venture partner in a $55 million plant in Auburn Hills, Mich., that will produce ultra-thin solar panels that can be used to power buildings, boats and lanterns, among other things. This plant alone, established with the Belgian company Bekaert, will increase the nation's solar panel capacity by 20 percent. It features a unique machine, the length of a football field, that can crank out solar panels one and a half miles long. Unlike conventional solar panels, which are hard plastic, the factory's solar panels are made of thin stainless steel onto which coatings are applied.
p1205
aVPerot Systems, an information technology company, said today that it would deliver five boxes of documents to California's attorney general and a California state senator as part of an investigation into whether the company improperly coached energy traders on how to manipulate power prices. The company's founder and chairman, H. Ross Perot, will testify before the legislative committee on July 11, said a company spokeswoman, Mindy Brown. Mr. Perot, the Texas billionaire, has said that his company did not disclose confidential information about two state energy markets it helped construct.
p1206
asS'200207'
p1207
(lp1208
VDespite steep losses on WorldCom bonds and in its insurance businesses, the General Electric Company reported a 14 percent increase in earnings for the second quarter yesterday, in line with analysts' expectations. The company also promised a robust third quarter. ''We see a very strong pipeline of new products and services across G.E.,'' Jeffrey R. Immelt, G.E.'s chairman, said yesterday.
p1209
aVArnold Weinstock, who for 30 years dominated Britain's electrical and electronics industries with his giant General Electric Company, only to be ousted by critics who then virtually bankrupted the company, died on Tuesday at his home in Wiltshire. He was 77. The cause was cancer, The Times of London reported.
p1210
aVCORPORATIONS may not like the numbers they have been seeing lately while reviewing their financial performance. But some companies, at least, are becoming much better at tracking that data. Thanks to continuing efforts at digitization, a growing number of companies are now able to use the Internet to monitor many or all of their key performance indicators daily, or even minute-by-minute. This is done through what have come to be called digital dashboards, or digital cockpits.
p1211
aVThe General Electric Company, often criticized for the complexity of its structure and the resulting opacity of its numbers, said yesterday that it would break GE Capital, by far its largest business, into four businesses, effective Aug. 1. The reorganization effectively eliminates the job of Denis J. Nayden, 48, the chairman of GE Capital.
p1212
aVCINEMARK INC., Plano, Tex., a chain of movie theaters, postponed its initial public offering indefinitely because of market conditions. Cinemark had planned to raise $199 million through the sale of 11.1 million shares. CORNING INC., Corning, N.Y., the largest maker of optical fiber and cable, said it had canceled plans to build a plant in Oklahoma City and to expand another in Concord, N.C. Termination expenses were included in Corning's second-quarter loss of $370 million, or 39 cents a share.
p1213
aVMonths after being accused by a group of insurance companies of plotting with Enron to deceive them, J. P. Morgan Chase fired back a blistering response yesterday, charging them in turn with fraud. At issue is a simple question at the heart of a complex series of transactions: Did the insurers know what they were getting into when they issued surety bonds to guarantee the financial value of gas trades involving Enron, Chase and an offshore entity called Mahonia Ltd.?
p1214
aVAS Gianni Agnelli, the patriarch of Italian industry and dynastic head of the Fiat auto and industrial empire, lay in a New York hospital bed in May and early June, even some of his best friends had sadly given up hope that he would survive prostate cancer. But when a rumor of the death of the 81-year-old Mr. Agnelli swept Italian markets, Fiat's ailing stock leapt by 6 percent. Some investors hoped that the departure of a man whom Italians call ''l'Avvocato'' -- the lawyer -- would hasten the sale of the chronically money-losing auto division that has powered the intertwined destinies of Fiat and the Agnelli family since the company was founded in 1899.
p1215
aVA former GE Capital Corporation executive and a kung fu instructor have been charged in an insider-trading scheme stemming from GE Capital's purchase last year of Heller Financial, federal prosecutors said yesterday. The executive, Anthony Chrysikos, 39, of Edgewater, N.J., a former vice president for finance in the aircraft services division of GE Capital, surrendered on Friday and was released on a $350,000 personal recognizance bond.
p1216
aVROSS M. MILLER, co-author of ''What Went Wrong at Enron'' and a former risk analyst at General Electric, says he thinks that Enron generally stumbled into its problems. Following are excerpts from a recent conversation. WILLIAM J. HOLSTEIN Q. Was it conceivable that Kenneth L. Lay didn't know what was going on inside his own company? A. It's certainly possible. He had a very laissez-faire attitude toward the running of his own company, which is a good part of what went wrong at Enron. Rather than having central guidance, things were set up as a free-for-all. You had Jeff Skilling [then president of Enron] pursuing an ''asset lite'' strategy at the same time that Rebecca Mark [then chief executive of Enron Development] was flying around the world buying very expensive assets.
p1217
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and a four-week bill being auctioned tomorrow. At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 1.65 percent; the six-month issue, 1.63 percent; and the four-week bill, 1.67 percent.
p1218
asS'200204'
p1219
(lp1220
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it had agreed to buy a health care equipment leasing unit from Comdisco, which is in bankruptcy proceedings, for $120 million. G.E. also agreed to assume about $45 million of debt. The sale to GE Capital, General Electric's financing arm, is subject to approval by a bankruptcy court in Illinois and could be outbid, Comdisco said. Comdisco, which leases computers and equipment for electronics, telecommunications, health care and other industries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in July.
p1221
aVGE Supply, a unit of General Electric, has agreed to buy a bankrupt supply chain management company, Questron Technology, for $86.7 million, the companies said yesterday. The deal comes as a result of a bankruptcy court auction and includes deferred payments and other financial obligations by GE Supply. GE Supply is the electrical, voice and data products distribution business of G.E., which is based in Fairfield, Conn. Questron, based in Boca Raton, Fla., filed for bankruptcy protection in February and had about $130 million in sales in 2001.
p1222
aVBattling sales declines in every one of its businesses, the General Electric Company said yesterday that its revenue was essentially flat in the first quarter and that net profit fell because of a change in accounting. Investors dumped the company's shares, slicing almost $35 billion in market value off G.E. The stock closed at $33.75, down $3.45, or 9.3 percent. Almost 79 million shares changed hands on the New York Stock Exchange, making it the most active stock traded there yesterday. G.E.'s fall also contributed to steep declines in both the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
p1223
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it planned to eliminate 7,000 jobs this year at its financial services unit, GE Capital, as it seeks to cut costs by $1 billion at the division. The cuts represent slightly more than 2 percent of G.E.'s work force of 310,000. David Frail, a company spokesman, said the cuts were not related to recent criticism of the company's finances or its first-quarter earnings report last week. GE Capital has cut 19,000 jobs since the second half of 2000, he said.
p1224
aVARE the glory days of nonstop earnings growth over at the General Electric Company? Management doesn't appear to think so. Last Thursday, when G.E. reported its first-quarter results, Keith S. Sherin, the chief financial officer, was decidedly upbeat. Acknowledging that the business environment remains difficult, he pointed to the company's strong balance sheet and the diversity of G.E.'s businesses and said they enabled the company to produce what he called consistently excellent earnings growth. ''The business model works,'' Mr. Sherin proclaimed.
p1225
aVThe Granite Broadcasting Corporation, a television broadcaster with stations in New York and California, said it received federal approval to sell a San Francisco affiliate, KNTV, to the General Electric Company's NBC unit. The Paxson Communications Corporation had filed a petition with the Federal Communications Commission to block the sale because of a legal dispute with NBC, Granite said. Granite, based in New York, did not provide more details about the approval. KNTV became the NBC San Francisco affiliate on Jan. 1.
p1226
aVThe General Electric Company's NBC television network must defend lawsuits by five employees who say they suffered pervasive racial and sexual harassment during their years working as technicians, a federal judge ruled today. The employees say co-workers and supervisors posted racist cartoons, made sexist comments and denied them job opportunities that were afforded to white men. When they filed their lawsuits two years ago, the plaintiffs said they wanted more than $200 million in damages.
p1227
aVThe Korean Confederation of Trade Unions called off a threatened nationwide general strike two hours before it was set to begin, when its negotiators reached a deal with the government. The deal settled a 37-day walkout by nearly 4,000 workers at the state-owned Korea Electric Power Corporation. The workers were protesting plans to privatize the company. Don Kirk (NYT)
p1228
aVLast May, NBC announced a new management structure at the top of the company, elevating the long-time president, Bob Wright, to the title of chairman. Andrew Lack, who had been president of NBC News, would become president and chief operating officer. As described by both men at the time, the arrangement seemed simple enough: Mr. Wright would focus more on long-term strategy while devoting time to his other position as vice chairman of the General Electric Company, the parent of NBC. Mr. Lack would focus more on day-to-day management, working, as he put it then, ''in the trenches.''
p1229
aVStocks tumbled yesterday after profit at General Electric dropped for the first time in more than seven years and a newsletter said that the Securities and Exchange Commission was questioning I.B.M. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Dow Jones industrial average had their biggest declines since Feb. 4, with stocks losing $265.9 billion of value.
p1230
asS'200205'
p1231
(lp1232
VGeneral Electric said it had agreed to buy Druck Holdings, a British maker of electrical measuring instruments, for 229 million ($335 million). G.E. offered 3.50 for each Druck share. The offer represents a premium of 17.3 percent over the closing price of Druck shares on May 8, the day before Druck said it was in talks that might lead to an offer for the company. The acquisition will expand the presence of GE Industrial Systems, based in Plainville, Conn., in the electrical measuring devices market for a wide range of industries, including aircraft and oil. Druck shares rose 1.2 percent, to 3.48. Suzanne Kapner (NYT)
p1233
aVThe chief executive of General Electric said yesterday that the company was on track to meet its earnings goals for the year. But the company will face pressure over the next several years because of lower gas turbine sales, said the executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt. He said the company was on track to earn more than $16.5 billion, or $1.65 to $1.67 a share, for 2002, excluding accounting changes. The company also remains comfortable with analysts' 2003 earnings projections calling for double-digit earnings growth. Analysts polled by Thomson Financial/First Call expect earnings of $1.65 a share in 2002 and $1.82 in 2003.
p1234
aVTo the Editor: ''Wait a Second: What Devils Lurk in the Details?'' (April 14) lacked balance and didn't provide readers with facts regarding whether you can trust the current earnings report of General Electric.
p1235
aVTo the Editor: ''Financial Reports Pile on the Detail'' and the long article on accounting at General Electric (April 14) perfectly sum up the problem of providing information to shareholders -- and the solution. Only a handful of investors, all of them sufficiently knowledgeable to be insiders themselves, have the time and skill to make sense out of annual reports.
p1236
aVThe Enron Corporation said today that it had agreed to call off the sale of Portland General Electric, a $1.8 billion deal that was reached just weeks before the company collapsed in bankruptcy last December. Enron had planned to sell P.G.E., the largest and oldest utility in Oregon, to the Northwest Natural Gas Company, which has its headquarters a few blocks from P.G.E. in downtown Portland.
p1237
aVThe Westpac Banking Corporation, Australia's third-biggest bank, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its consumer finance business to GE Capital for at least 1.65 billion Australian dollars ($889 million). The agreement to sell the Australian Guarantee Corporation is contingent on approval by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission. Lin Enright, a spokeswoman for the commission, said the approval process normally takes four to six weeks. She said the agency had already started working on the sale. Under the deal, Westpac will continue to sell Australian Guarantee financial products to its business customers on behalf of GE Capital, the financial services division of General Electric.
p1238
aVThe Xerox Corporation said yesterday that it had received $496 million in financing from GE Capital, secured by portions of the company's lease receivables in the United States. Xerox, the maker of copiers and other business machines, has been seeking to reduce a high debt load and return to profitability for more than a year. GE Capital, the financial services unit of General Electric, provided $340 million in financing to Xerox in December. Xerox and GE Capital, both based in Stamford, Conn., are completing an agreement for GE Capital to become the primary provider of equipment financing for Xerox customers in the United States.
p1239
aVMAIL-WELL INC., Englewood, Colo., a commercial printer and maker of envelopes, sold its adhesive label unit to Arsenal Capital Partners, New York, and Gregory Mosher, who will operate it as Renaissance Mark Inc. Terms were not disclosed. ETHAN ALLEN INTERIORS INC., Danbury, Conn., the nation's largest furniture retailer, said it would open a store today in Kingston upon Thames, England. The outlet, similar in design to its showrooms in America, is the company's first in Europe, where four more are planned.
p1240
aVThe Enron Corporation is seeking permission to bundle some of its core assets to form a smaller energy company that could be spun off by the end of the year as a separate unit operating outside the company's Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. Enron executives, who have been floating such an idea for weeks, made a formal proposal today to creditors in the bankruptcy case in New York. They said the new company would operate with about $10 billion in assets and would offer the best opportunity for creditors to ''maximize recoveries.''
p1241
aVThough California state officials crowed over the Enron memos released this week outlining questionable strategies for wringing profits from the electricity market here, state lawyers said that the documents would probably have only a modest and indirect effect on their efforts to win refunds from the power generators. Ever since power prices rocketed out of control in 2000 and then especially early last year, California has struggled both to obtain federal help in capping prices and to force the generators to return what the state has said are billions of dollars of overcharges.
p1242
asS'200510'
p1243
(lp1244
VThe General Electric Company, making good on its promise last week of stellar third-quarter earnings, said yesterday that its profit for the quarter was up 15 percent on revenue that rose 9 percent, and that the fourth quarter and next year were shaping up to be highly profitable. ''You are going to see some massively good numbers in the future,'' Jeffrey R. Immelt, G.E.'s chairman, told analysts in a conference call.
p1245
aVChronic economic worries stifled Wall Street's attempt at a rebound yesterday as stocks fell for a third consecutive session despite a solid outlook at General Electric and modest but better-than-expected retail sales reports. General Electric, a widely held Dow Jones industrial closely watched on Wall Street, said it was on track for another strong quarter and increased its stock buyback program. Encouraging sales at Wal-Mart Stores and at other retailers also helped the market post early gains.
p1246
aVJohn F. Welch Jr.'s image as the iconic American chief executive took a hit when his second wife, Jane Beasley Welch, revealed the goody basket of corporate perks he walked away with -- from free rent for a Manhattan apartment to flowers and reimbursement for cleaning bills -- when he retired from the General Electric Corporation. But that hasn't stopped people from wanting Mr. Welch's business advice.
p1247
aVGE Consumer Finance, the consumer-lending unit of General Electric, said it would buy a stake in the Shenzhen Development Bank of China. The G.E. unit will buy newly issued shares in the bank for $100 million, the company said. The purchase will bring Shenzhen Development's foreign ownership to the 25 percent limit imposed by China's government.
p1248
aVThe Ford Motor Company is the latest Detroit auto giant to stall. Ford's chairman and chief executive, William Clay Ford Jr., said Thursday that his company would announce a plan for its American operations in January that includes ''significant plant closings'' and job cuts.
p1249
aVWal-Mart's chief executive is set to announce on Tuesday a set of sweeping, specific environmental goals to reduce energy use in its stores, double its trucks' fuel efficiency, minimize its use of packaging and pressure thousands of companies in its worldwide supply chain to follow its lead. Embracing energy-conscious and environmentally conscious goals will help both the company's bottom line and its customers' needs, H. Lee Scott said in an interview Monday.
p1250
aVAt the 1995 Tokyo Motor Show, Toyota unveiled a futuristic car powered by a gasoline-electric engine that sounded part Jetsons, part Star Trek. With this so-called hybrid engine under the hood, the concept car was called the Prius. Fast forward to Wednesday's opening of the 2005 Motor Show. America's Big Three auto makers -- Ford Motor, General Motors and the Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler -- were deploying slinky models to drape themselves over concept cars running in some kind of alternative fashion: hydrogen fuel cells or gasoline-electric engines.
p1251
aVWilliam Clay Ford Jr. was recently asked if it was fair to call him, as many have, a reluctant chief executive of the Ford Motor Company. ''Not anymore,'' he said, pondering the question at a news conference last month. ''No. No. I'm not reluctant at all.
p1252
aVDozens of part-time workers at six large companies have begun to sign up for low-cost, limited health benefits in a new national program for uninsured employees. The HR Policy Association, a nonprofit organization of senior personnel executives, said enrollment was under way at units of General Electric, I.B.M., Sears, Avon Products, the computer-storage company EMC and the auto supplier Federal-Mogul.
p1253
aVThe idea has been around for years. In Spain and elsewhere in Europe, utility companies have long offered high-speed Internet service to consumers over their power lines. But American utilities are only now beginning to roll out broadband connections on their grid.
p1254
asS'200208'
p1255
(lp1256
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would immediately merge its lighting and appliances businesses into a single unit, GE Consumer Products, to save money and simplify operations. ''Because appliances and lighting have powerful connections with similar consumer bases, we believe they will now be able to grow more successfully together,'' G.E.'s chairman, Jeffrey R. Immelt, said. A G.E. spokeswoman, Alex Constantinople, said job cuts were likely over time. James P. Campbell, president of the appliances business, was named president of the new unit. Shares of G.E. fell 95 cents, or 3 percent, to $30.35.
p1257
aVThe General Electric Company agreed to buy the NovaSensor unit of TRW to increase sales of sensors for the manufacturing, medical and automotive industries. Terms were not disclosed. NovaSensor, which is based in Fremont, Calif., will become part of the measurement and sensing business within the GE Industrial Systems unit. GE Industrial Systems, based in Plainville, Conn., provided about $4.4 billion of General Electric's $125.7 billion in sales last year. General Electric is based in Fairfield, Conn. TRW, based in Cleveland, agreed last month to be acquired by the Northrop Grumman Corporation, of Los Angeles, which has said it will sell or spin off some of TRW's businesses.
p1258
aVAmazon.com Inc., the online retailer, named Thomas J. Szkutak, currently the chief financial officer of the lighting business at General Electric, as its new chief financial officer yesterday. He succeeds Warren C. Jenson, who helped guide Amazon to its first profit. The appointment comes after G.E. said Thursday that it would combine its lighting and appliance units into a new unit, GE Consumer Products. Mr. Jenson left Amazon in March, shortly after it turned its first quarterly profit, saying he was looking for new challenges.
p1259
aVMalden Mills Industries, the maker of the Polartec fabrics used in cold-weather clothing, said yesterday that it planned to emerge from bankruptcy protection and repay creditors in full. Malden Mills filed a reorganization plan with the Bankruptcy Court in Worcester, Mass., that will pay all of the company's creditors, including the GE Capital unit of General Electric, in full over time, a spokesman, David Costello, said. He did not provide any details. The closely held Malden Mills, which is based in Lawrence, Mass., drew national attention in 1995 when the chief executive, Aaron Feuerstein, paid employees while he rebuilt the family business after a fire. The debt from rebuilding helped force Malden into bankruptcy. GE Capital was the lead agent for a group of creditors that provided about $140 million in bankruptcy financing, Mr. Costello said.
p1260
aVThe Consumer Product Safety Commission plans to announce a $1 million settlement today with General Electric for what the agency said was the company's failure to report defects involving more than three million dishwashers made in the 1980's. The commission is also scheduled to make public a $400,000 settlement offer from the Briggs & Stratton Corporation, which the agency said withheld information about faulty engines in go-carts.
p1261
aVThe Enron Corporation announced detailed plans yesterday to sell a dozen major businesses by the end of the year, a big step toward generating the cash that the company needs to settle the more than $50 billion in claims against it. Among the assets Enron plans to auction are Portland General Electric, an Oregon utility; the Transwestern Pipeline Company, which runs through the Southwest into California; and a 50 percent stake in the Citrus Corporation, a joint venture with the El Paso Corporation, which owns the Florida Gas Transmission Company, a big natural gas pipeline.
p1262
aVGeneral Electric, the nation's biggest company by stock market value, yesterday joined a small but growing group of companies that are changing how they account for stock options. G.E. went even further by saying that top executives would no longer be allowed to take profits immediately after cashing in options. Responding to criticism that options-heavy pay packages have given executives enormous incentives to create short-term profits, G.E. said it would require its top officers to hold, for at least a year, some of the shares they get after exercising options. It also said those officers would have to hold substantial stock positions as long as they work at the company.
p1263
aVGeneral Motors said today that it would start counting its stock options as an expense at the beginning of next year, becoming the first automaker to announce such a plan and joining a small number of companies, like General Electric and Coca-Cola, to do so. But G.M., the world's largest automaker, also said it believed that a better method of determining a stock option's value needed to be developed.
p1264
aVLackluster theme park attendance and a poor showing at the summer box office and at the ABC network continued to thwart earnings growth at the Walt Disney Company, which said today that its fiscal third-quarter operating income dropped 26 percent. The continued drop in theme park business was a surprise to analysts. Many thought attendance was on the upswing, in part because of the prospects of a brighter economy. Operating income at the parks dropped 17 percent, to $467 million. More important, Tom Staggs, Disney's chief financial officer, said that current bookings for the fourth quarter were down 10 percent. ''We wanted to give advance warning of a thing like that,'' Mr. Staggs said in an interview.
p1265
aVIn another sign of the auto industry's struggle to make money selling electric vehicles, the Ford Motor Company said today that it was giving up on Think, an electric-car venture in which it sank $123 million. Instead, Ford said it would invest in other forms of alternative fuel technology like hybrid-electric vehicles and hydrogen fuel cells. Ford's move comes despite a regulatory mandate in California requiring manufacturers to offer up to 100,000 electric and other low-emissions vehicles a year, beginning with the 2003 model year, which officially starts Oct. 1. Similar requirements are pending in New York and Massachusetts, extending the mandate to one-fifth of the American auto market.
p1266
asS'200209'
p1267
(lp1268
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings were on track to rise at least 20 percent. General Electric affirmed the outlook that it issued in July for a 20 percent to 25 percent rise in earnings and an 8 percent to 10 percent increase in revenue. Analysts on average expect a profit of 41 cents a share, up 24 percent from 33 cents a year earlier, according to the research firm Thomson First Call.
p1269
aVGeneral Electric reaffirmed its earnings forecast for the third quarter and the year yesterday, but said the economic environment was tougher than expected. In a Webcast with analysts, G.E. said it expected earnings of $4.1 billion, or 41 cents a share, for the third quarter and $1.65 a share for the year. The forecasts matched the estimates of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call. The third-quarter results, which will be reported next month, would be up 25 percent from the period last year, when net income was $3.28 billion, or 33 cents a share. G.E.'s stock fell 61 cents, or 2 percent, to $26.39 a share.
p1270
aVThe Duke Energy Corporation said it was in talks with General Electric on delaying the purchase of 18 power-plant turbines. Duke had planned to open five plants in 2003, and construction on three of those has been suspended, Harvey Padewer, Duke's group president for energy services, said in a presentation at an energy conference in New York. He did not say how long the turbine orders might be delayed or provide other details, but said that Duke is not considering canceling the orders.
p1271
aVLawyers for John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, filed a court motion yesterday challenging his estranged wife's description of his living expenses but did not submit their own figures. Mr. Welch's wife, Jane B. Welch, is seeking more than the $35,000 a month that Mr. Welch has been providing her, arguing in divorce papers that she has been unable to maintain the standard of living that she had during their marriage.
p1272
aVPapers filed yesterday in the divorce of John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, by his wife contend that G.E. covered enormous living costs for them while he led the company and will continue to do so for him for the rest of his life. The extent of these benefits has never been disclosed by the company. General Electric has reported that Mr. Welch's total compensation, including bonus and salary, was $16.7 million in 2000, his last full year at the company before his retirement last September. It has also said that he will remain a consultant to the company on a retainer of $86,000 a year and will continue to have access to G.E. services and facilities.
p1273
aVA Connecticut state court judge said yesterday that an affidavit filed by Jane B. Welch in her pending divorce from John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, must be revised to meet state guidelines. The judge, Julia DiCocco Dewey, said that the filing would have to include Mrs. Welch's assets, liabilities, income and expenses and that it could not include opinion or characterizations of the couple's lifestyle. For example, the affidavit already filed describes the Welches' standard of living during their marriage as ''extraordinary.''
p1274
aVA court hearing today in the divorce of John F. Welch Jr., the former chairman and chief executive of General Electric, from his wife, Jane, has been canceled, suggesting that a settlement is being discussed. Mrs. Welch's lawyer, William D. Zabel of Schulte, Roth & Zabel, and Mr. Welch's lawyer, Samuel V. Schoonmaker III of Schoonmaker, George & Colin, declined to comment yesterday on the possibility of a settlement.
p1275
aVIn the wake of documents that detail the long list of living expenses General Electric paid for John F. Welch Jr., its former chief, some corporate governance experts are asking why G.E. did not more fully disclose the information and who should pay the taxes on all these benefits. The benefits were detailed in divorce papers that Mr. Welch's estranged wife, Jane Beasley Welch, filed in Superior Court in Bridgeport, Conn., on Thursday. They include a list of corporate perks including lifetime use of a palatial Manhattan apartment complete with wine, flowers, cook, housekeeper and other amenities, as well as access to General Electric's Boeing 737 jets, helicopters and a car and driver for Mr. Welch and his wife. Also included were tickets for the couple at a number of top sporting events and the opera.
p1276
aVABB said today that it had agreed to sell most of its financing unit to General Electric for $2.3 billion in cash. The Zurich-based ABB, a Swiss-Swedish builder of heavy machinery and electric power systems, is selling assets to pay off debt as it grapples with slumping demand for its products and mounting costs of asbestos-related lawsuits. The company has suffered a series of embarrassments in the last year, including a narrowly averted financial crisis and a public dispute with two former senior executives over their large retirement pay packages.
p1277
aVAt the Wharton School recently, a conference addressed ''once-soaring corporate captains'' who ''have crashed to earth.'' The examples included Kenneth L. Lay of Enron, Bernard J. Ebbers of WorldCom -- and John F. Welch Jr. Hardly company that Mr. Welch would want to keep. For years, the former chief executive of General Electric was viewed as the model of the perfect modern executive. In business schools throughout the world, his management style, swagger and acumen were analyzed and idolized.
p1278
asS'197412'
p1279
(lp1280
sS'197410'
p1281
(lp1282
sS'197411'
p1283
(lp1284
sS'199010'
p1285
(lp1286
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said today that it would eliminate up to 500 jobs at its giant manufacturing complex here by the end of the year because of the weakening economy.
p1287
aVLEAD: Although its performance was hampered by the weakening of the economy, the General Electric Company said yesterday that its net income climbed 9 percent in the third quarter, to $1.03 billion, from $945 million in the 1989 period.
p1288
aVLEAD: The Electric Boat shipyards gave layoff notices to 582 employees in Groton and Quonset Point, R.I., citing declining military orders and uncertainty about Federal military expenditures. The layoffs, mainly of support personnel, represent less than 3 percent of the total work force of Electric Boat, a division of the General Dynamics Corporation.
p1289
aVLEAD: The Itel Corporation agreed to sell certain container leasing and services assets to the GE Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, for about $825 million. The sale will result in an earnings gain for Itel of about $250 million, Itel said. It said the proceeds would be sufficient to pay down its container debt and to pay for a previously announced purchase of 18.7 million Itel shares from the Henley Group Inc.
p1290
aVLEAD: The Thomson Consumer Electronics Corporation celebrated the production of the 50-millionth RCA color television set by heralding the company's big assembly plant here as ''the color TV capital of the world.'' Bernard Isautier, the new chairman of the French-owned Thomson, challenged the workers at the world's largest television assembly operation to meet the challenges of global competition.
p1291
aVLEAD: NS Group Inc., a maker of specialty steel products, acquired $96 million in steel assets from Babcock & Wilcox and PMAC Ltd. The purchase includes operations in Koppel and Ambridge, Pa. The company said the acquisition was being financed by PMAC and a $100 million credit line from the General Electric Company's GE Capital unit.
p1292
aVLEAD: R. H. Macy & Company's fourth-quarter loss deepened to $80 million, from $57.3 million a year earlier, and its losses for the full fiscal year ended July 28 more than tripled, to $215.3 million, from $63 million the year before, according to statements relayed to credit agencies and confirmed yesterday by sources close to Macy.
p1293
aVLEAD: Fiat, Italy's largest industrial group, and Compagnie Generale d'Electricite, France's largest electronics group, announced today that they were forming a far-reaching strategic alliance and that C.G.E. would acquire control of Telettra, Fiat's $1.4 billion-a-year telecommunications subsidiary.
p1294
aVLEAD: * The Comedy Channel, a Home Box Office cable program service, to Dale Pon Advertising, New York, with a budget of more than $6 million. The account was previously handled by Cliff Freeman & Partners, New York a division of Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C.
p1295
aVLEAD: Pratt & Whitney and GE Aircraft Engines, sometimes fierce competitors in the jet-engine industry, will join together to study the possibility of developing a propulsion system for supersonic commercial aircraft, the companies announced today.
p1296
asS'199011'
p1297
(lp1298
VThe Air Force has awarded an additional $557 million contract to the General Electric Company for the Navstar Global Positioning System of navigation-data satellites, the Pentagon said. The work on 20 replacement satellites will be done at plants in Princeton and Nutley, N.J. Contracts totaling $99 million will expire at the end of the year, and the new contract is expected to be completed in 1999.
p1299
aVThe General Electric Company and Thorn EMI P.L.C. are forming a new lighting company in Britain. G.E. will hold a 51 percent interest and take management control of the new company, G.E.-Thorn Lamps Ltd. The two organizations will collaborate on lamp marketing and distribution, and after three years Thorn EMI's minority interest will transfer to G.E. Under the agreement, which is subject to regulatory approval, G.E. will also acquire Thorn's British manufacturing plants at Enfield, Leicester, Mitcham and New Malden to form the new company. G.E. will also acquire Thorn's 100 percent interest in Gluhlampenfabrik Jahn in Germany and Thorn's 51 percent investment in Sivi Illuminazione in Italy. Thorn will retain facilities at Merthyr, Preston and Rodney in Britain. Colin Southgate, Thorn's chairman and chief executive, said the alliance was a good match.
p1300
aVA $250 million offering by the General Electric Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, was priced yesterday through underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody & Company. The 8 percent notes due on Dec. 1, 1992, are offered to the public at 99.86 to yield 8.08 percent, or about 50 basis points more than Treasury securities with a similar maturity. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point. Underwriters said the financing carried the highest rating of Aaa by Moody's Investors Service and AAA by Standard & Poor's.
p1301
aVR. H. Macy & Company, seeking to repay its debt, said yesterday that it planned to sell up to $150 million of its equity to its outside investors. Four large investors have agreed to buy about $100 million of equity. They are General Electric Capital Corporation, the largest outside investor, which already owns 24.6 percent of Macy's preferred stock; the Loews Corporation, which has 14.8 percent; Mutual Series Fund Inc., which owns 12.8 percent, and Taubman Investment Company, which has 5 percent.
p1302
aVThe British Government today began the selloff of its electricity industry in its largest privatization in 10 years. The Government expects to raise $10.2 billion in the stock offering. The 2.16 billion shares will sell for 240 pence, or about $4.73, each, or a total $:5.18 billion, the Government said. The offering caps Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's privatization program, which has so far raised $65 billion through the sales of Britain's telephone, gas and water utilities, as well as British Airways P.L.C. and other companies. Some nervousness has arisen about how successful the recent privatizations will be, with an uneasy stock market, the continuing Middle East crisis and the struggle for leadership within Britain's governing Conservative Party. Investors also remember the sale of the Government's third of the British Petroleum Company, which flopped because it coincided with the October 1987 stock market crash. But the Energy Secretary, John Wakeham, said 7.3 million people had registered an interest in buying the electric utility shares, second only to the record 7.5 million registrations for British Gas P.L.C. The Government has also calmed jitters about the offering by saying that it would cancel the sale if war broke out in the Persian Gulf. "I think in today's market conditions the offer will be a success," said Chris Rowland, an analyst with Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd. The Government signaled its intention to sell 100 percent of each of the 12 regional electricity companies of England and Wales. It had been considering whether to scale back the offer to 60 percent if market conditions were poor. The shares are expected to fetch a 20 percent premium when trading begins on Dec. 11. The application deadline is Dec. 5. Shareholders are to receive an average dividend return of 8.4 percent in the first year, Mr. Wakeham said. The Government has sought to enhance the complex sale with an installment payment plan of nearly two years, the longest ever, and with bonus shares and discounts on electricity bills, the types of perquisites it has offered in the past. The Government said at least 34 percent of the shares would be reserved for the general public in Britain, 20 percent would be available to foreign investors and the remaining 46 percent would go to British institutional investors. If heavy British demand for the shares occur, the 20 percent to be offered to foreign investors will be reduced, the Government said.
p1303
aVAMAX Inc. said its AMAX Oil and Gas Inc. unit would acquire the assets and operations of the Ladd Petroleum Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, for $515 million plus net working capital by the end of 1990. Ladd Petroleum, which has oil and natural gas production, exploration and development operations in the United States and Canada, owns interests in about 650 miles of pipelines and gathering systems and six processing plants, four of which it wholly owns and runs.
p1304
aVGulf Air, owned by the Persian Gulf nations of Bahrain, Qatar, Abu Dhabi and Oman, ordered 12 Boeing 767-300 jetliners. The order is worth $1.15 billion, the Boeing Company, based in Seattle, said. Gulf Air will use the planes, which will have engines from the General Electric Company, to extend service, including new flights to Singapore and Australia. 11-20-90 1953
p1305
aVNo Hollywood studio has adhered as closely as MCA Inc. to the theme that "there is no business like show business." MCA, the parent of Universal Pictures, has always been based in Los Angeles and has not strayed far from its core business of movies and television. For decades it has been run by Lew R. Wasserman, its chairman, and Sidney J. Sheinberg, its president. The two pride themselves on their conservative and businesslike approach to entertainment, even though they live in the heart of an industry that does not always follow those precepts. At MCA, television and movie productions accounted for about half of the company's $3.38 billion in revenue and half of its $191.8 million in profits last year.
p1306
aVSiemens A.G. of Germany and GPT Ltd. of Britain said yesterday that they planned to merge their American units that produce call-switching and transmission equipment for telephone companies. If the merger occurs, Siemens's factory in Hauppauge, L.I., will be closed and most of its 270 employees will be dismissed, said an executive at GPT's American subsidiary, the Stromberg-Carlson Corporation. Negotiations for the merger are in the final stages.
p1307
aVMCA Inc., the parent company of Universal Studios and MCA Records, has enlisted some of Washington's heavy hitters to promote its possible sale to the Matsushita Electric Company, Japan's largest electronics company. The entertainment company, known for its political connections, has a board that includes both Robert S. Strauss, former chairman of the Democratic National Committee and a United States trade representative, and former Senator Howard H. Baker, who served as Senate Republican leader and President Reagan's chief of staff. The company's lobbyists include Jody Powell, President Carter's press secretary, and Anne Wexler, the public liaison in the Carter White House. Taking Swift Action Their mission is to overcome possible political objections to the MCA-Matsushita deal by critics who might argue that it involves the sale of a national resource to a foreign predator. The sales of CBS Records and, later, Columbia Studios to the Sony Corporation were criticized in some quarters on those grounds. MCA's strategy has been to act swiftly, portraying the proposal as a way of providing the money the company needs for global expansion.
p1308
asS'197207'
p1309
(lp1310
sS'197206'
p1311
(lp1312
sS'197205'
p1313
(lp1314
sS'197204'
p1315
(lp1316
sS'197203'
p1317
(lp1318
sS'197202'
p1319
(lp1320
sS'197201'
p1321
(lp1322
sS'197209'
p1323
(lp1324
sS'197208'
p1325
(lp1326
sS'196305'
p1327
(lp1328
sS'196304'
p1329
(lp1330
sS'196307'
p1331
(lp1332
sS'196306'
p1333
(lp1334
sS'196301'
p1335
(lp1336
sS'198607'
p1337
(lp1338
VThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that earnings in the first quarter rose 5.3 percent on a 14.7 percent increase in sales. The Fairfield, Conn., electrical products and financial services company said that net income increased to $621 million, or $1.36 a share, from $590 million, or $1.30 a share, in the second quarter of 1985. Sales jumped to $7.8 billion from $6.8 billion.
p1339
aNaV* Argo Petroleum Corp., Santa Monica, Calif., said a reorganization was essential to the company's survival. The company also said that its secured lender, Continental Illinois Bank and Trust Co., had accelerated all of Argo's $38.8 million of outstanding debt.
p1340
aVELECTRIC utility stocks are gaining favor with investors, underscoring a mood of caution in the equity market. The Dow Jones utility average finished Friday at a record 204.05. It climbed 3.29 points in a week that saw other market barometers tumbling, as blue chips and speculative issues alike encountered selling pressure. The Dow Jones industrials plunged 79.44 points, to 1,821.43. This marked its second-largest weekly point decline ever; in the week ended April 4 it lost 82.50 points, when it closed at 1,739.22.
p1341
aVThe RCA Corporation, citing overcapacity in the industry, said it had withdrawn from a $230 million electronics factory it was building jointly with the Sharp Electronics Corporation of Japan.
p1342
aVThe Navy awarded Newport News Shipbuilding a $4 million contract for work on the nuclear missile submarine Nevada, opening the way for the Virginia company eventually to compete for full construction of a similar Trident submarine. Trident class submarines so far have been built only by the Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation in New London, Conn.
p1343
aVThe Northern States Power Company announced yesterday that its president and other top officers were leaving the company in the wake of a review of the hiring of a former member of the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. Two officers - Bruce A. Richard, the president, and Roy H. Berglund, the vice president for commercial operations - retired, and a third, Raymond Haik, general counsel and senior vice president, resigned, the Minneapolis-based company said. In addition, Leo Adams, the former member of the Public Utilities Commission, resigned.
p1344
aV* Bowery Savings Bank announced that John D. Griffiths had joined the bank as executive vice president and treasurer. * Cytogen Corp., Princeton, N.J., announced that Charles E. Austin had resigned from its board of directors because of other commitments.
p1345
aVDebt * Alabama Municipal Electric Authority is offering $138 million of revenue bonds with a top yield of 8.099 percent for bonds maturing in 2001, through underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company. Yields on shorter maturities range from 5.50 percent in 1989 to 6.40 percent in 1991, 7.60 percent in 1996 and 7.75 in 1997. The issue is rated A by Moody's and A- by S.&P. * Citicorp on Tuesday sold $50 million of 91-day commercial paper at an average rate of 6.460 percent, down from 6.463 percent last week, and $50 million of 182-day paper at an average rate of 6.390 percent, up from 6.374 percent.
p1346
aVThe Marine Midland Banks Inc. announced yesterday that it had named Geoffrey A. Thompson president and chief operating officer, effective at the end of the year. Mr. Thompson, 45 years old, will fill a position that has been vacant since 1983 when John R. Petty, 56, moved from president to become chairman of the holding company, Marine Midland Banks Inc., and the bank. Mr. Thompson will also be president of both the holding company and the bank. Mr. Petty operates the bank with an office of the chairman, and the bank said yesterday that that system would continue. Mr. Petty, Mr. Thompson and four other sector executives will make up the office.
p1347
asS'196303'
p1348
(lp1349
sS'196302'
p1350
(lp1351
sS'198608'
p1352
(lp1353
VThe British Government today blocked the General Electric Company's attempt to buy its rival, Plessey P.L.C., for $1.77 billion, ending one of the biggest corporate takeover battles in the country's history. Paul Channon, the Trade and Industry Secretary, said he had accepted the majority recommendation of the Monopolies and Mergers Commission, which had ruled a takeover would hurt the public interest by reducing competition. The General Electric Company of Britain is not related to the similarly named American company.
p1354
aVThe General Electric Company said it was joining Japan's Toshiba Corporation and Siemens A.G. of West Germany to create a shared library of the components for customized computer chips.
p1355
aVThe General Electric Company said it had received a $175 million order for CF6-80C2 engines, including spares, to power six of the Boeing Company's 747-400 aircraft for KLM Royal Dutch Airlines. G.E. said KLM is the 14th customer to order the high-bypass turbofan engine, which has been chosen to power nine types of aircraft. Total sales of the engines now exceed $1.3 billion, with export sales valued at $1.15 billion, the company said. It said KLM's 747-400 deliveries will begin in February 1989, with completion by October 1989.
p1356
aVBritish Telecommunications P.L.C. has asked three companies to tender to supply a further batch of digital telephone lines in a program worth some $:1 billion over the next three to four years, according to Clive Foxell, the company's procurement managing director. At a press conference held to mark the opening of a new digital exchange in London's financial district, he said that the General Electric Company P.L.C., the Plessey Company, and the Thorn-Ericsson joint venture of Thorn EMI and Telefon A.B. L.M. Ericcson were invited to supply the lines.
p1357
aVGary C. Wendt will replace Robert C. Wright as chief executive of the General Electric Credit Corporation when Mr. Wright departs to take the helm of the National Broadcasting Company, another G.E. subsidiary, sources at G.E. said yesterday. Mr. Wendt is a logical choice to take over at G.E. Credit, the huge and successful financing subsidiary of the General Electric Company. He has been executive vice president for finance at the company, effectively its chief operating officer, for the last two years and has worked closely with Mr. Wright, whose appointment at NBC was officially announced yesterday.
p1358
aNaVGoldman, Sachs & Company, a premier investment banking house and one of the last independent partnerships on Wall Street, announced yesterday that it was negotiating to sell a large stake to the Sumitomo Bank Ltd., Japan's - and the world's - third-largest bank. The deal, if completed, would be a significant step by a Japanese financial institution into the American capital markets and an important symbolic jump in the globalization of financial markets. [ Page D4. ] An Era Is Passing It would also all but bring to a close an era when Wall Street was dominated by independent, private firms entirely owned by their partners. The huge amounts of capital required to compete in today's volatile global financial markets and the risks that securities houses face have forced nearly every other top firm to sell shares to the public or find a major financial partner.
p1359
aVDebt * Central Hudson Gas and Electric Corp. is offering $50 million of 8 1/8 percent bonds due in 1994 at a price of 99.854, to yield 8.15 percent, through Kidder, Peabody & Co. * City Federal Savings Bank is offering $100 million of collateralized floating-rate notes due in 1993, with an interest rate set at five one-hundredths of a percentage point above the three-month rate on interbank deposits offered in London, through Shearson Lehman Brothers International.
p1360
aV* Amsouth Bancorp., Birmingham, Ala., said it agreed to acquire First Tuscaloosa Corp. for stock valued at about $105.6 million. * Delamarva Power and Light Co., Wilmington, Del., said the Delaware Public Service Commission had cut its electric rates by 6.9 percent, or about $22.8 million.
p1361
aV* American Telephone and Telegraph Co. said it had proposed nearly $20 million in price increases for the local channel portion of interstate private-line services that terminate in Florida and Georgia. * Cannon Group Inc., Hollywood, Calif., said it had completed negotiations to license titles from its combined Cannon-Screen Entertainment Library for foreign distribution in television and home video, in three separate agreements valued at about $150 million. * Chicago Pacific Corp., Chicago, said it completed the previously announced acquisition of Furniture Group America Inc. from General Mills Inc. for $83.5 million.
p1362
asS'198609'
p1363
(lp1364
VThe General Electric Credit Corporation said that it would take a $50 million charge on third-quarter earnings for a write-down on repossessed oil drilling equipment.
p1365
aVThe General Electric Company announced that it had entered into an agreement to sell the North American Company for Life and Health Insurance to a corporation formed by a group of investors headed by Harold S. Geneen, the former head of the ITT Corporation. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
p1366
aVThomas M. Hartnett, a former General Electric Company executive, was charged yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission with illegal insider trading in the stock of the RCA Corporation just days before G.E. announced a takeover. Mr. Hartnett, who was manager of corporate financial planning and analysis at G.E.'s Fairfield, Conn., headquarters, settled the charges with a consent decree in which he neither admitted nor denied them, but he agreed to repay his profits of $8,472 and pay a fine of the same amount. Mr. Hartnett's lawyer said his client would have no comment.
p1367
aVThe General Electric Credit Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, said it intends to acquire 80 percent of the Polaris Aircraft Leasing Corporation, one of the nation's largest independent aircraft leasing companies. G.E. Credit said the acquisition of privately owned Polaris, which manages a $760 million portfolio of commercial jets leased to 15 airlines, would permit G.E. to enter the aircraft leasing business. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
p1368
aVThe General Electric Company yesterday disclosed a new executive lineup for its financial services operations, with no surprises. As expected, Gary C. Wendt, who is 44 years old, was named president and chief executive of the General Electric Credit Corporation, succeeding Robert C. Wright, who is taking the helm of the National Broadcasting Company, another G.E. subsidiary. Mr. Wendt, who had been executive vice president at G.E. Credit, was also named president and chief operating officer of General Electric Financial Services, the G.E. holding company that includes G.E. Credit, Kidder, Peabody & Company and the Employers Reinsurance Corporation.
p1369
aVRCA Records may be for sale, according to several record industry sources. RCA Records is now owned by the General Electric Company, and a source close to Marvin Davis, the Denver oil entrepreneur, said that there had been a meeting between Jack Welch, chairman of G.E., and Mr. Davis in recent weeks about the possible sale of the record operations. It was not clear who had initiated the discussion.
p1370
aVSouth Korea's state-owned Korea Electric Power Corporation has provisionally selected three American companies to supply equipment and services for its 10th and 11th nuclear power plants, at a total cost of $3 billion. Combustion Engineering Inc. will supply pressurized light-water reactors, the General Electric Company will provide turbines, and Sargent & Lundy Engineers will consult on engineering and design. Formal contracts are expected to be signed in February.
p1371
aVIn law school at Harvard, Peter G. Pfendler had a good job in his final year: pilot for Eastern Air Lines flying 727's out of Boston's Logan International Airport. Mr. Pfendler easily qualified for the job. He is an Air Force Academy graduate and an Air Force veteran of the Vietnam War. But when he graduated from Harvard Law in 1972 he quit flying for a living and joined the Itel Corporation in San Francisco to learn the leasing business.
p1372
aVThe Boeing Company and the General Electric Company of Britain are the only remaining contenders to build a future airborne early warning system in Britain, it was announced Friday. The two contenders have until early November to come up with final offers before a decision is made by the end of the year. The British eliminated five other contenders, including the Grumman Corporation and the Lockheed Corporation.
p1373
aVWhenever the nation's top corporate executives are asked who is the best manager among them, Charles F. Knight, the 50-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of the Emerson Electric Company, ranks in the top five. Mr. Knight has earned the respect of his peers even though he is not a highly visible superstar like Lee A. Iacocca. Instead, he has won high marks by quietly racking up year after year of record performance. His company - which makes electric items from power saws to microchip pressure sensors - has had record earnings 28 years in a row, the last 13 under his stewardship. To keep the string going, Mr. Knight relies on more strategies than most managers: He has stressed development of new products, moving the St. Louis-based company (which is unrelated to the much-smaller Emerson Radio Corporation) to the cutting edge of high-tech manufacturing. He pursues acquisitions, having bought more than a dozen companies in the last two years. And he pushes Emerson's 60 division heads to keep costs down.
p1374
asS'196309'
p1375
(lp1376
sS'196308'
p1377
(lp1378
sS'200003'
p1379
(lp1380
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it expected to exceed Wall Street's forecasts for the first quarter. Analysts had expected G.E. -- whose operations range from broadcasting and manufacturing to consulting and finance -- to earn 75 cents a share, 15 percent higher than a year earlier, according to a survey by First Call/Thomson Financial. The company now expects to ''modestly exceed'' that estimate, according to G.E.'s chief financial officer, Keith Sherin. Order rates are about 20 percent ahead of 1999 levels, which has given the company ''unusually strong momentum,'' he said. Shares rose $10.1875 each, to $151.125, on the New York Stock Exchange.
p1381
aVThe General Electric Company, already one of the top providers of electronic purchasing systems, said that it had formed an electronic-commerce unit that would compete with companies like Commerce One Inc. and Ariba Inc. The company's GE Information Services unit now competes with I.B.M. for trading systems between companies that order, ship and track supplies and products. Now it will offer data exchange, purchasing software and services and trading-partner exchanges over the Internet.
p1382
aVGeneral Electric, the No. 1 maker of gas-fired turbines, said it had won $2 billion in contracts to provide 36 turbines for power plants being built by the closely held Panda Energy International. The price for the 24 gas and 12 steam turbines includes 12 years of maintenance by G.E.'s Power Systems division. The six plants will be in Oklahoma, Arizona, Florida, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. They will produce up to 6,000 megawatts, enough to light six million homes.
p1383
aVThe General Electric Company will pay its stockholders $19 million to settle a class-action lawsuit that contended that actions by Joseph Jett, a bond trader for Kidder, Peabody & Company, a former G.E. subsidiary, inflated Kidder's net worth and deceived shareholders about the value of G.E. stock, according to a settlement filed on Wednesday. In the suit, investors said they overpaid for G.E. stock in 1993 and 1994 because Mr. Jett created phony profits that overstated Kidder's financial performance by $350 million.
p1384
aVFiat is close to selling a minority stake in its car operations to General Motors after apparently failing to sell the entire division to DaimlerChrysler, auto industry officials and executives close to the talks said today. Fiat's board is scheduled to meet on Monday to review the proposed transaction with G.M. and is fairly likely to approve a deal, industry and other executives said today after insisting on anonymity.
p1385
aVThe Dow Jones industrial average plunged 374.47 points yesterday on investors' fears that rising oil prices combined with higher interest rates might do significant damage to corporate profits. The fall began when Procter & Gamble, one of the nation's biggest and best-known companies and one of the 30 stocks in the Dow, said early yesterday that its earnings in the current quarter would come in well below the levels expected by Wall Street analysts.
p1386
aVCoke Gives Departing Chief $17.8 Million Pay Package Coca-Cola will pay M. Douglas Ivester, its former chairman and chief executive who left last month, $17.8 million in payments and other benefits and release nearly two million shares of formerly restricted stock worth about $97.7 million. The package includes $704,400 in annual pension payments, plus an additional $795,600 a year beginning this month and continuing until March 2002, when Mr. Ivester turns 55. At that point, Mr. Ivester will begin receiving $675,600 a year, beyond his pension, through his lifetime and that of his wife, Kay. He will also receive a laptop computer, cellular phones, club dues through May 2001 and the title to a 1996 Mercury Grand Marquis -- his company car. [Page C2.] McCaw Drops Plan to Buy Iridium The cellular telephone pioneer Craig O. McCaw is dropping plans to acquire Iridium, the troubled global satellite telephone company that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last August. Wall Street analysts said the move left Iridium on the brink of collapse. On Monday, the company is scheduled to lose access to $5 million in emergency financing under a bankruptcy court agreement. [C3.]
p1387
aVEARLY last week, the technology-rich Nasdaq composite index plunged, while the Dow Jones industrial average surged. That brief move led to chatter about the resurgence of the old economy and investors' sudden preference for value stocks, which trade at low multiples of their profits and sales, over high-growth technology stocks. Skeptics, who have watched the Nasdaq soar higher in disregard of traditional stock valuations for years, were especially excited that the market was returning to its senses. So much for that theory.
p1388
aVA Complex $19 Billion Deal To Take Seagate Private In a complex $19 billion deal, Seagate Technology, the disk drive company, will be taken private by an investor group led by Silver Lake Partners, Seagate executives and the Texas Pacific Group. Under terms of the deal, Veritas Software will buy back its one-third stake held by Seagate and redistribute the assets to Seagate's stockholders. The investor group will acquire Seagate's disk drive business. [Page C12.]
p1389
aVStocks soared again yesterday as investors poured into technology and financial shares in a bet that the Federal Reserve is almost finished raising short-term interest rates. Similar optimism fueled the Treasury bond market, as the price on the 30-year bond rose to its highest level since August. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped above 11,000 for the first time in six weeks, gaining 253.16 points, or 2.3 percent, to 11,119.86. It was the 10th time since the beginning of February that the Dow has gained or lost more than 200 points, a level that once was eye-popping but has become almost routine.
p1390
asS'199511'
p1391
(lp1392
VThe General Electric Company plans to sell its struggling Genie on-line service. General Electric Information Services, a unit of G.E., is selling Genie because it does not fit with its core business, which is to allow companies to buy and sell products over its computer network, John Berry, a spokesman for the unit, said yesterday. Genie accounts for about 5 percent of the unit's $700,000 in annual sales, he said. The Wall Street Journal reported the sale plans yesterday. General Electric hired the investment banking firm Allen & Company to find a buyer for Genie. Analysts said Genie, started in 1985, would be a tough sell. "Genie is a proprietary service without much brand recognition," said Gregory Wester, associate director at the Yankee Group, a Boston market research firm. "To compete in this market, you have to make a significant investment in marketing and in acquiring customers."
p1393
aVThe Electric Boat unit of the General Dynamics Corporation said yesterday that job cuts would continue even though nearly 10 percent of its work force had accepted a buyout plan to accommodate steep cuts in the Navy's submarine production. More than 1,300 workers opted for the buyout: 740 hourly workers will leave by the end of the year, and 578 salaried workers will leave by the end of March. Most of the workers leaving are employed at the shipyard in Groton, Conn.
p1394
aVExecutives at Dow Jones & Company and at the General Electric Company's CNBC have held discussions about merging their cable television services in Europe and Asia, according to several people familiar with the talks. Executives at both companies declined to comment. Both companies have expanded into Europe and Asia with English-language news services, and both are said to be losing money on those operations. The reports that they were considering combining their services has a logic that appeals to some industry analysts, given the cost of starting cable services. "In an era of global markets, it would make sense to achieve economies of scale," said Larry Gerbrandt, a cable analyst for Paul Kagan Associates, a consulting firm. But one media executive pointed out that discussions go on continuously. He said that he doubted either company would be willing to give up control of its own services.
p1395
aVGE Aircraft Engines received Federal Aviation Administration certification today for its GE90 engine -- a new powerful and lightweight jet engine made for the Boeing 777. The long-awaited certification is the last hurdle GE Aircraft had to overcome before being able to sell the engine. Problems with the fan blades delayed testing this summer for about six weeks.
p1396
aVA regional government of India tentatively agreed yesterday to let the Enron Corporation go ahead with a $3 billion power plant project, signaling that India will probably continue to embrace, however hesitantly, the foreign investors it so desperately needs. The state's nationalist Hindu leaders had scrapped the plant, the nation's largest foreign project, in August, but lately had softened their opposition in the face of legal threats and the country's huge power needs.
p1397
aVDIAMOND SHAMROCK TO BUY CONVENIENCE STORES Diamond Shamrock Inc. agreed yesterday to acquire National Convenience Stores Inc. for $27 a share, or $260 million. The agreement, which has been approved by both companies' boards, would thwart the Circle K Corporation's tender offer to buy National Convenience for $20 a share. National Convenience rejected the offer, and the companies were negotiating. Diamond Shamrock, based in San Antonio, is a petroleum refiner and gasoline marketer that also operates convenience stores. Its offer is conditioned upon acquiring at least two-thirds of National Convenience's shares and other terms. National Convenience, based in Houston, operates 661 Stop N Go convenience stores in Texas. Most of Diamond Shamrock's stores are in Texas. (Dow Jones)
p1398
aVTwo American utilities, seeking to gain experience and profits in the deregulated industry overseas, have announced separate acquisitions of foreign electricity distributors totaling about $4 billion. The Central and South West Corporation of Dallas reached an agreement yesterday to buy Seeboard P.L.C. of Britain for L1.6 billion, or $2.58 billion. Over the weekend, the Texas Utilities Company, also based in Dallas, said it would buy Eastern Energy, an Australian state-owned electricity company, for $2.08 billion (Australian), or $1.55 billion (United States).
p1399
aVAn advanced electric car with a body made of composite materials has passed the Federal crash test for head-on collisions, according to its manufacturer. The development is significant not only for the company, Solectria, of Wilmington, Mass., which hopes to mass-produce the cars, but also for the three major American car companies, which are cooperating to design a high-mileage, low-pollution car, one that is likely to be made of composites.
p1400
aVContinuing an industry trend, two smaller life insurance companies are being sold to bigger companies. The GE Capital Corporation said yesterday that it planned to buy the Union Fidelity Life Insurance Company from the Aon Corporation, for $400 million. And SunAmerica Inc. of Los Angeles agreed to buy Ford Motor Company's life insurance business for $172.5 million.
p1401
aVThe vice chairman of Paine Webber Inc., Michael D. Madden, is leaving the securities firm, his wife said yesterday. Mr. Madden, 46, joined Paine Webber amid much fanfare last year when it acquired the assets of Kidder, Peabody & Company from the General Electric Company.
p1402
asS'199510'
p1403
(lp1404
VThe General Electric Company named John D. Opie vice chairman yesterday. He had been president and chief executive of the company's GE Lighting unit. Mr. Opie, 57, joins G.E.'s other vice chairman, Paolo Fresco, as one of the top two executives under John F. Welch, the company's chairman and chief executive. Frank P. Doyle, 64, who as executive vice president had been the company's No. 3 executive, is retiring, G.E. said. Mr. Opie's promotion appears to elevate another potential successor to Mr. Welch, who turns 60 next month. Mr. Welch has said repeatedly that he has no plans to retire early.
p1405
aVThe General Electric Company reported a 17.7 percent gain in third-quarter earnings yesterday. Earnings for the quarter rose to $1.61 billion, or 96 cents a share, in line with analysts' estimates, on revenues of $17.34 billion. A year earlier it earned $1.37 billion, or 80 cents a share, on revenues of $14.63 billion.
p1406
aVThe Transportation Systems unit of the General Electric Company said yesterday that, as a cost-cutting measure, it might eliminate as many as 1,500 jobs in the next six to nine months because of a decline in freight locomotive and transit orders. It would use attrition and offer a voluntary job elimination program to help manage the cuts. David L. Calhoun, president and chief executive of the unit, which is based in Erie, Pa., said mergers among railroads was the primary reason for the drop in orders.
p1407
aVIT was the early heady days of her tenure as the Clinton Administration's top antitrust enforcer, and Anne K. Bingaman was not about to compromise. She was facing skeptical questioning from her boss, Associate Attorney General Webster L. Hubbell, about her sprawling investigation into charges that the General Electric Company was rigging the prices of industrial diamonds around the world. Mr. Hubbell had received calls from Ben W. Heineman Jr., G.E.'s general counsel and a close friend to many powerful Democrats, pleading that the case be dropped, particularly since the company had persuaded the Government's leading witness, an executive-turned-informant, to sign an affidavit saying he had "no personal knowledge" of price-fixing.
p1408
aVDaimler-Benz A.G. has sold part of its troubled electronics subsidiary to the General Electric Company for an undisclosed amount. The Daimler unit, AEG, sold all of its low-voltage electrical components operations to G.E. AEG, Germany's second-largest electronics company, has sold or shut many operations that have been showing losses in the last four years.
p1409
aVGE Capital Realty Group Inc. said yesterday that it had agreed to buy MacFarlane Partners L.P., the nation's largest minority-owned provider of real estate services. Terms of the purchase, which is expected to be completed by the end of November, were not disclosed. MacFarlane Partners, based in San Francisco, advises public, corporate and private pension plans on their real estate investments. It has $1.8 billion in assets under management. GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company based in Dallas, said the MacFarlane management team would remain in place.
p1410
aVThe General Signal Corporation said today that Edmund M. Carpenter had resigned as chairman and chief executive after a disagreement with directors about the company's strategic direction. General Signal, a maker of telecommunications and electrical equipment, named Michael Lockhart, president and operating chief, to succeed Mr. Carpenter as chief executive. Mr. Lockhart will continue as president.
p1411
aVIndia's western state of Maharashtra seemed ready today to revive a $2.8 billion power project by the Enron Corporation of Houston that it scrapped just nine weeks ago. "The project is being revived," Maharashtra's chief minister, Manohar Joshi, told reporters after a cabinet meeting today.
p1412
aVNABISCO BUYS MARGARINE UNIT OF KRAFT FOODS Nabisco Inc. said yesterday that it had acquired the North American margarine and table spreads business of Kraft Foods Inc., including the Parkay, Touch of Butter and Chiffon brands. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Nabisco is a unit of Nabisco Holdings Inc., which is 80.5 percent owned by the RJR Nabisco Holdings Corporation. Nabisco said the Kraft businesses had sales of $255 million last year; Kraft's margarine businesses outside the United States and Canada were not included in the sale. Nabisco, based in Parsippany, N.J., markets Fleischmann's, Blue Bonnet and other spreads. Kraft, based in Northfield, Ill., is a unit of the Philip Morris Companies. On the New York Stock Exchange, shares of Philip Morris fell 12.5 cents, to $84.75, while shares of Nabisco Holdings fell 25 cents, to $28.50. (Reuters)
p1413
aVNABISCO BUYS MARGARINE UNIT OF KRAFT FOODS Nabisco Inc. said yesterday that it had acquired the North American margarine and table spreads business of Kraft Foods Inc., including the Parkay, Touch of Butter and Chiffon brands. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Nabisco is a unit of Nabisco Holdings Inc., which is 80.5 percent owned by the RJR Nabisco Holdings Corporation. Nabisco said the Kraft businesses had sales of $255 million last year; Kraft's margarine businesses outside the United States and Canada were not included in the sale. Nabisco, based in Parsippany, N.J., markets Fleischmann's, Blue Bonnet and other spreads. Kraft, based in Northfield, Ill., is a unit of the Philip Morris Companies. On the New York Stock Exchange, shares of Philip Morris fell 12.5 cents, to $84.75, while shares of Nabisco Holdings fell 25 cents, to $28.50. (Reuters) MENTOR GRAPHICS TO ACQUIRE MICROTEC RESEARCH The Mentor Graphics Corporation said yesterday that it would acquire Microtec Research Inc. in a stock swap valued at about $130 million. Under the agreement, Mentor Graphics, based in Wilsonville, Ore., will exchange 0.693 share for each share of Microtec. Microtec, based in Santa Clara, Calif., is a supplier of software development tools. In Nasdaq trading, shares of Microtec rose $1, to $12.25, while shares of Mentor slipped 81.25 cents, to $18.25. (Bloomberg Business News) WAL-MART PLANS LARGE EXPANSION IN UNITED STATES Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said yesterday that it planned to open about 75 discount stores, 110 supercenters and 12 Sam's Clubs stores in the United States in its fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, based in Bentonville, Ark., said about 95 of the supercenters, which are much larger outlets with a wider selection of goods, would result from the relocation or expansion of discount stores. Wal-Mart, the nation's largest retailer, also said it would open 30 to 35 discount stores, supercenters and Sam's Clubs in Canada, China, Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Puerto Rico. (AP) CHEVRON TO SELL 18,000 ACRES IN CALIFORNIA In one of the largest real estate transactions in recent California history, the Chevron Corporation has agreed to sell more than 18,000 acres to a builder and a Morgan Stanley investment fund, an adviser said yesterday. The price was not disclosed, but real estate experts said the Orange County land alone could be worth $400 million. The deal consists of more than 14,000 acres of ranch land stretching from San Diego to Calaveras County and 6,000 acres in Orange County, said John French, a partner in E & Y Kenneth Leventhal Real Estate Group in Newport Beach, Calif., a financial adviser to Chevron. The buying group includes the Morgan Stanley Real Estate Fund II L.P.; Christopher Gibbs, a Newport Beach developer, and other undisclosed investors. A Chevron spokeswoman declined to comment on a sale agreement, which was reported yesterday in The Los Angeles Times. (AP) DUKE POWER TO CUT 900 JOBS BY EARLY NEXT YEAR The Duke Power Company said yesterday that it would cut about 900 jobs, or nearly 6 percent of its work force, by early next year to reduce costs and make the company more competitive. A Duke spokesman said the company would take an undetermined charge against earnings to pay one-time costs associated with the job reductions. Duke has been reducing its work force since 1988, when the company laid off about 1,200 employees. It offered voluntary separation packages in 1993 and 1994, when a total of 1,700 people left the company. Duke, based in Charlotte, N.C., is a large electric utility serving about 1.7 million customers in North Carolina and South Carolina. It currently has 16,100 employees. Shares of Duke rose 37.5 cents, to $44.125, on the New York Stock Exchange. (Reuters) EMC SHARES FALL ON DISAPPOINTING EARNINGS Shares of the EMC Corporation fell 18 percent yesterday after the company said price-cutting by its competitors had helped to lower the company's third-quarter earnings below analysts' expectations. Shares of EMC fell $3, to $13.75, as almost 13.4 million shares were traded on the New York Stock Exchange. EMC, a maker of computer storage systems based in Hopkinton, Mass., reported after the market's close on Monday that preliminary earnings for the quarter were $71 million, or 31 cents a share, up from $69 million, or 30 cents a share, in the comparable period a year earlier. The results were lower than Wall Street's forecast of 37 cents a share, based on a survey of 10 analysts by Zacks Investment Research. (Bloomberg Business News) LOMAS FINANCIAL FILES FOR BANKRUPTCY PROTECTION The Lomas Financial Corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection yesterday and said it would sell its mortgage banking subsidiary, Lomas Mortgage USA Inc., to a First Nationwide Bank unit for $150 million. Lomas and its advisers have also considered selling most of its businesses to a third party as part of several strategic alternatives, the company said in court papers. Lomas, based in Dallas, said it was forced to declare bankruptcy after the exceptionally high level of mortgage refinancings between October 1991 and August 1994 caused a rapid decline in the number of mortgages it services. Lomas said its deteriorating financial condition caused the risk of intervention by government agencies or private mortgage investors. (Reuters) DAKA INTERNATIONAL TO ACQUIRE CHAMPPS ENTERTAINMENT Daka International Inc. said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire Champps Entertainment Inc., causing the stock of both restaurant companies to drop sharply. Daka said it would issue about 2.1 million common shares in exchange for all of the Champps outstanding shares, giving the deal a value of about $57.5 million. Daka, based in Danvers, Mass., is the owner of the Fuddruckers restaurant chain. Champps, based in Minnetonka, Minn., operates theme restaurants and bars. Shares of Daka fell $5.875, or nearly 18 percent, to $27.375, in Nasdaq trading. Shares of Champps fell 50 cents, to $11.25. (Dow Jones) CELL GENESYS AND HOECHST TO DEVELOP AIDS TREATMENT Cell Genesys Inc. said yesterday that it was joining Hoechst Marion Roussel in a venture worth up to $150 million to develop a treatment to destroy cells carrying the AIDS virus. Shares of Cell Genesys gained $1.4375, to $7.50, in Nasdaq trading. The venture involves genetic engineering of T cells, which are used by the body to fight disease. Cell Genesys, based in Foster City, Calif., said its modified T cells, called "killer" T cells, were designed to selectively destroy cells infected with the AIDS virus. Hoechst, a unit of Hoechst A.G. of Germany, will buy a 13 percent stake in Cell Genesys for $20 million and pay up to $30 million for research and development during the next two years. (Dow Jones) HUGHES TO OFFER SATELLITE TV SERVICE IN CHINA The Hughes Electronics Corporation, a unit of the General Motors Corporation, said yesterday that it planned to set up a direct-to-home satellite television service in China. Investment in the next 10 years could total $1.1 billion if everything under discussion works out, the chairman of Hughes, C. Michael Armstrong, said in a statement in Beijing. Mr. Armstrong, who is meeting with Chinese Government officials this week, said Hughes saw business opportunities in China through joint ventures, technology sales and direct investment. (AP) -------------------- ACCLAIM ENTERTAINMENT INC., Glen Cove, L.I., a maker of entertainment software, said it had bought Sculptured Software Inc., Salt Lake City, and had agreed to buy Probe Entertainment Ltd., London. Financial terms of the acquisitions were not disclosed. AMERICAN NATIONAL CAN CO., Chicago, said it had closed two beverage-can plants in Danbury, Conn., and St. Louis, and planned to close a St. Louis plant that makes ends for beverage cans later this year. The closings affect about 250 employees.
p1414
asS'199512'
p1415
(lp1416
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had raised its quarterly dividend by 12 percent and increased its stock buyback program to $9 billion from $5 billion. G.E. raised its dividend to 46 cents from 41 cents a share, in its 20th consecutive annual increase. So far G.E. has bought $3 billion of its stock under the buyback program adopted in December 1994. The increased authorization by G.E.'s board will allow it to buy $3 billion more shares through 1997, it said. G.E. said the repurchases were expected to raise the rate of growth in its earnings per share and return on equity by one to two percentage points.
p1417
aVTop executives of the Microsoft Corporation and the General Electric Company have reportedly been meeting to discuss ways in which the two companies might distribute news or other material together. One executive close to the discussions, who insisted on anonymity, said last night that the companies might announce a partnership this week involving an all-news cable television channel.
p1418
aVThe Chrysler Corporation and the Ford Motor Company took a small step today toward making electric cars more attractive to the public by agreeing to use the same type of charging system for the batteries. But the General Motors Corporation, the nation's largest auto maker, is pursuing a different -- and incompatible -- charging system.
p1419
aVChina Airlines, Taiwan's top airline, has signed a contract to buy $750 million worth of 737-800 passenger planes from Boeing, the airline said yesterday. The contract includes a firm order of six planes and options for another nine. China Airlines expects delivery for the six planes to be around August and November 1998. The new 737-800 planes will substitute for 737-200's and Airbus A320's now running in domestic routes and short international routes. The new aircraft will be powered by CFM56-7 engines developed by General Electric and Snecma of France.
p1420
aVNBC and the Microsoft Corporation will announce a deal today under which Microsoft would buy a 50 percent interest in NBC's cable channel America's Talking as part of an effort to form an all-news channel that could challenge the Cable News Network, executives close to the negotiations said last night. Microsoft is expected to pay an estimated $100 million for the half-interest in the channel, which would be renamed since its format would no longer consist of all-talk programming. NBC would operate the channel, relying on its network news organization as well as its affiliate news service, which is based in Charlotte, N.C. NBC's affiliated stations are also expected to provide news material to the channel.
p1421
aVThe Microsoft Corporation and the General Electric Company's NBC unit denied a report yesterday that they were in talks about the sale of a stake in the television network to Microsoft.
p1422
aVJust as success has a hundred fathers, successful young businessmen seem to have no shortage of adoptive fathers. William H. Gates, the 40-year-old chairman of the Microsoft Corporation, is already fast friends with Warren E. Buffett, the billionaire investor. And yesterday, Mr. Gates won the affection of yet another elder: John F. Welch Jr., the 60-year-old chairman of General Electric.
p1423
aVGE Lighting said today that it planned to invest more than $100 million over four years to expand capacity at its Mattoon, Ill., light bulb plant. The concern, which is the lighting unit of the General Electric Company, said it would use a major part of the investment to increase production of its halogen light bulbs.
p1424
aVDaimler-Benz A.G.'s AEG unit said yesterday that it planned to sell its power distribution unit to GEC Alsthom N.V. and to transfer its automation and plant-technology units to a joint venture to be controlled by Cegelec S.A. AEG, based in Frankfurt, disclosed no sale price or other financial details about the agreements, which cover 3.5 billion marks ($2.4 billion) worth of AEG's annual sales of 10 billion marks. The agreements are to take effect on Jan. 1. GEC Alsthom N.V. of the Netherlands is a joint venture of Alcatel Alsthom of France and the General Electric Company of Britain, which is not connected with General Electric of the United States. Alcatel controls Cegelec. (Bloomberg Business News)
p1425
aVRobert C. Stempel, who was ousted as chairman of the General Motors Corporation three years ago, was named chairman today of Energy Conversion Devices Inc. Energy Conversion, a battery and high-technology materials company, also said Mr. Stempel would join its senior management as executive director. In that position, he will become involved in all aspects of the company's business, including electric vehicle batteries.
p1426
asS'200004'
p1427
(lp1428
VGeneral Electric, benefiting from resurgent global economies and its push into e-commerce, announced robust first-quarter revenue and earnings yesterday. For the quarter ended March 31, the company's revenue surged to $30 billion, up 24 percent from $24.2 billion in the period a year earlier. Net income rose to $2.6 billion, or 78 cents a diluted share, a 20 percent rise compared with the $2.16 billion, or 65 cents a share, earned in the quarter a year earlier.
p1429
aVGE Capital Aviation Services, a unit of the General Electric Company, said today that it had ordered 26 planes from the European consortium Airbus Industrie in a transaction valued at more than $2.3 billion. GE Capital Aviation, which currently has a fleet of 950, provides airlines around the world with planes and related products and services.
p1430
aVThe Ford Motor Company announced today that it would begin selling a small sport utility vehicle in 2003 using both gasoline and electric propulsion for better gas mileage. General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are working on similar sport utilities. The Ford Escape, which is a little smaller than a Ford Explorer and a little larger than a Honda CR-V, will go on sale this autumn with only gasoline engines available. The optional hybrid engine will be offered on Escapes built three years later at a slightly higher price, Ford said.
p1431
aVCHARLES E. SMITH RESIDENTIAL REALTY INC., Arlington, Va., a real estate investment trust, said it had bought a high-rise apartment tower in Chicago and would start development of another for a total cost of about $128 million. NEW CENTURY ENERGIES INC., Denver, a gas and electric utility company, said the Southwestern Public Service Co., its utility unit in Amarillo, Tex., planned to cut electricity rates by 7 percent and sell five power plants, or about two-thirds of the unit's generating capacity.
p1432
aVWHEN New Yorkers last heard of William J. Catacosinos two years ago, he was being hounded from his job running the former Long Island Lighting Company after pocketing a $42 million paycheck that drew denunciations all the way to the governor's office. Back then, the utility industry's prospects were cloudy as deregulation fever swept the states. And considering the wounds he took from Lilco -- whose rates, the highest in the continental United States, made him a favorite target of local politicians -- the circumstances hardly seemed inviting for Dr. Catacosinos to dive back into the business.
p1433
aVThe Stanley Works may tell investors about the need to be patient, but the company's chief executive appears to have failed to heed the same advice. Three years after John M. Trani, a rising star at General Electric, took over as chief executive of Stanley Works, investors are still looking for some of the G.E. management magic. For his efforts, though, Mr. Trani pulled a sizable pay increase out of his company last year.
p1434
aVThe sell-off in technology stocks in late March hardly put a dent in the earnings of some of the nation's biggest financial services companies. Citigroup, Merrill Lynch and Charles Schwab all reported their most profitable first quarters ever yesterday. Rising commissions from the unusually high level of stock trading in the first three months drove up earnings for all companies with brokerage operations. But that connection to the stock market has been a liability in recent weeks as investors have feared the effects of a prolonged slump in trading.
p1435
aVIt wasn't just Microsoft. The Nasdaq composite index endured one of its worst days ever yesterday, as technology stocks broadly sold off. The decline, 7.6 percent, was the worst daily performance for the index since the summer of 1998.
p1436
aVTrying to trade their somewhat stodgy images for that of a young technology dynamo, Bell Atlantic and GTE said yesterday that they would call their combined company Verizon after their merger deal is completed. The merger would create the No. 1 local telephone carrier in the nation. Executives from both companies said the old names carried too much baggage from the days of slow-moving communications monopolies.
p1437
aVInquiry of Auction Houses Focuses on 2 Ex-Chairmen Prosecutors in the federal antitrust inquiry of Sotheby's and Christie's have evidence that a scheme to limit competition by fixing commissions charged to buyers and sellers was set in motion not by subordinates, but by two former chairmen of the world's auction giants, according to people involved in the investigation.
p1438
asS'198509'
p1439
(lp1440
VThe General Electric Company and the International Business Machines Corporation had the most patents granted last year in the United States, followed by two Japanese companies, according to statistics compiled by a private trade association. Intellectual Property Owners Inc. reported that G.E. led the 1984 list with 785 patents, followed by I.B.M. with 608.
p1441
aVWHEN engineers sketch designs for a new chemical plant, petroleum refinery or other complex plants, a major challenge is figuring how to keep the miles of piping, electrical wiring and ventilating ducts from colliding when the actual construction begins. In the past, construction engineers would run into errors from even the most detailed blueprints. That meant redesigns that could cost several hundred thousand dollars, or more. The computer helped eliminate many misplaced angles in recent years, giving engineers more flexibility to experiment with designs before the cranes swung into action. Still, much of that early computer-aided engineering was executed in two dimensions on the computer screen, like sketching on an electronic piece of paper.
p1442
aVThe Air Force has withheld more than $155 million in contract payments from the Westinghouse Electric Corporation and the Boeing Company because of defects in advanced new radar systems Westinghouse makes for F-16 fighter jets and B-1B bombers, Air Force officials said today. The officials said the payments related primarily to manufacturing problems with the state-of-the-art circuit boards that are the nervous system of the radars used for navigation and targeting in the newest models of both aircraft. More than $150 million has been held back from Westinghouse over the last two years because critical spare parts for the F-16 radar were delivered late or failed to meet specifications, according to Kari Fielder, a spokesman for the Air Force Contract Management division at Kirtland Air Force Base in New Mexico. The Air Force buys the radar for General Dynamics' F-16 directly from Westinghouse.
p1443
aVAllegheny Power System Inc., an electric utility holding company, said the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission had authorized rate increases for the company's West Penn Power Co. unit intended to produce additional revenue of $28.3 million annually. * BASF A.G., Ludwigshafen, West Germany, said it would integrate two U.S. subsidiaries into the car-paint section of Inmont Corp., which it agreed to buy for $1 billion from United Technologies Corp. in May. * Centronics Data Computer Corp., Hudson, N.H., said it had received a $28 million contract from ICL Ltd. of Britain for high-speed computer printers.
p1444
aVEven before Hurricane Gloria reduced much of its electric system to tangled and broken power lines last Friday, the Long Island Lighting Company was just about the financially weakest American utility, analysts widely agree. Unable to operate its $4.5 billion Shoreham atomic power plant - the costliest commercial reactor in history and the root of the utility's problems -Lilco has flirted with bankruptcy for two years. It has no cash earnings, analysts say. It cannot collect from customers for most of the cost of the plant. It is borrowing to meet interest payments on previous borrowings. It has paid no preferred-stock dividends since last October and no common dividends for 18 months. Banks have lent Lilco more than $1 billion to meet short-term cash needs, and they keep extending deadlines. Under an austerity plan crafted by the company's chairman, William J. Catacosinos, shortly after he took over in January 1984, the company furloughed 20 percent of its work force, although some have returned. Its stock, which closed yesterday at $7.125 a share on the New York Stock Exchange, is selling at one-third of its book value.
p1445
aVThe Pentagon has ordered the Air Force to arrange a one-time competition between Northrop's F-20 Tigershark and the General Dynamics F-16 Falcon for a role in defending the United States against bomber attack, Pentagon officials said today. The decision guarantees Northrop a long-awaited chance to introduce its new fighter plane into the American military inventory, with the prospect of a substantial export market if it succeeds. But the competition falls far short of what Northrop had been seeking, which was a running competition with General Dynamics for a variety of Air Force roles, with both companies guaranteed part of the market. After news of the decision circulated on Wall Street, Northrop stock declined $2.25 today, to $51.50.
p1446
aVWall Street analysts have been cutting their estimates of third-quarter corporate earnings almost daily, and forecasters say that the actual reports, due out in the next two to three weeks, will be grim indeed. In interviews, forecasters indicated that third-quarter corporate profits would at best be equal to last year's levels and more likely would be down somewhat. They were heartened by yesterday's report on the leading economic indicators. But even if the economy does pick up steam, the forecasters said, it is not clear that profits will follow since costs do not always track with higher sales.
p1447
aVThe General Electric Company, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation and Mitsubishi Electric America Inc. said they had agreed to form a joint venture to make a broad line of rectifiers, thyristors and certain types of power transistors. Westinghouse and G.E. would each hold a 45 percent interest and Mitsubishi, a unit of the Mitsubishi Corporation of Japan, would have a 10 percent stake. The new company would take over the Westinghouse semiconductor plants in Youngwood, Pa., and Burabo, P.R., along with a G.E. plant in Auburn, N.Y. A Westinghouse subsidiary in Le Mans, France, would also become a subsidiary of the joint venture.
p1448
aVThe Air Force said it had lifted a suspension on awarding contracts to the General Electric Company's missile re-entry systems operation. The Air Force said the ban had been lifted because of G.E.'s cooperation with the Government on weeding out and reporting past violations of Government procurement regulations. G.E. was suspended from doing business with the Government in March after a Federal grand jury in Philadelphia indicted the company on charges of defrauding the Government. The suspension was narrowed to the re-entry division in July.
p1449
aV* Atlas Corp., Princeton, N.J., a natural resources, services and manufacturing company, has named Richard R. Weaver executive vice president. * Brown Group Inc., St. Louis, a footwear company, has elected to its board Joan F. Lane, a trustee of the Four Winds Foundation of Seattle. * Ciro Inc., a jewelry retailer, has appointed Robert Lachman president and chief executive.
p1450
asS'198508'
p1451
(lp1452
VThe Commonwealth Savings Association said it had acquired the General Electric Mortgage Corporation from the General Electric Credit Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company.
p1453
aV* Aeronca Inc., Charlotte, N.C., maker of aircraft and aerospace structures, said a management group is considering making a leveraged buyout proposal to the company's board at a price of $5.875 a share. * Allis-Chalmers Corp., Milwaukee, an industrial machinery company, said its shareholders had approved an increase in the company's authorized common stock to 60 million shares, from 35 million. * Bell & Howell Co., Chicago, said it would sell its Pasadena, Calif., plant to Eastman Kodak Co. for $26 million.
p1454
aVAmerican Hospital Supply Corp., Evanston, Ill., said its American Critical Care division had agreed to distribute a line of injectable anti-cancer products manufactured by International Pharmaceutical Products Inc. * American Motors Corp., Southfield, Mich., expanded its 7.5 percent financing program to apply to any loan of up to 48 months for certain 1985 model cars. Previously, the offer was for loans up to 36 months. * BDM International Inc., McLean, Va., said it had received an Air Force contract worth up to $53.5 million to support the Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center at Kirtland Air Force Base, N.M. * A. G. Edwards & Sons Inc., St. Louis, said it intends to repurchase up to 300,000 shares of its common stock in open-market transactions through Sept. 30, 1986.
p1455
aVThe Navy announced today that it had lifted a ban on signing new contracts with the General Dynamics Corporation, bringing five months of penalties against the company to a close. By ending the moratorium on new work at the company's Electric Boat division in Groton, Conn., and Pomona arms factory in Los Angeles, the Navy signaled a return to normal business after one of the most tumultuous disputes over weapon costs in the Pentagon's history. ''There was no pattern of corruption - they were simply doing what our regulations allowed them to do,'' said Everett Pyatt, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Shipbuilding and Logistics, of General Dynamics' disputed contract charges. The charges were determined to be improper by Congressional investigators and Pentagon auditors.
p1456
aVEmanuel Fthenakis, who was named president of Fairchild Industries in May, has been named to the additional post of chief executive, effective Oct. 1. He succeeds Edward G. Uhl, 67 years old, who remains chairman of the aerospace and communications company. Mr. Fthenakis, 57, joined Fairchild in 1971 and was named an executive vice president last year. Before coming to Fairchild, which is based in Chantilly, Va., he worked for Bell Telephone Laboratories and the General Electric Company.
p1457
aVThe General Electric Company won a contract to supply five gas turbine engines to the Chinese navy to power new destroyers, G.E. confirmed today.
p1458
aVThe Scott & Fetzer Company said yesterday that it was exploring ''alternative solutions'' for a proposed leveraged buyout of the company through an employee stock ownership plan, as a result of objections from the Labor Department about the plan's structure. According to the company, the Labor Department's concerns center around how much common stock Scott & Fetzer employees would receive in return for a $182 million loan made by the company to the plan.
p1459
aVThe Calma Company, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, has switched agencies to Tycer-Fultz-Bellack of Palo Alto, Calif., from Chiat/Day, San Francisco. Billings are estimated at between $750,000 and $1 million.
p1460
aVAAV Companies, a Cleveland-based concern that provides vending and food services, has named Thomas J. Nero president. * Alltel Corp., Hudson, Ohio, a telecommunications company, has elected to its board William H. Zimmer Jr., vice chairman of the Cincinnati Financial Corp.
p1461
aVA Federal judge today ordered the Westinghouse Electric Corporation to obey a Pentagon subpoena and surrender internal documents sought by auditors in a search for waste and fraud among military contractors. In a case being watched closely by the Defense Department and its suppliers, Federal District Judge Louis Rosenberg said Congress intended the Pentagon's inspector general to have broad authority in using an array of audit powers.
p1462
asS'200801'
p1463
(lp1464
VZAGAT SURVEY FOR SALE Zagat Survey, the guide empire that started as a hobby for Tim and Nina Zagat in 1979 as a two-page typed list of New York restaurants compiled from reviews from friends, has been put up for sale, according to people briefed on the decision. [C1.] TAX-EVASION TRIAL SET The actor Wesley Snipes is to go on trial Monday for tax evasion. Mr. Snipes, who has paid no federal tax on millions in income, has become the most public face of an antitax movement that claims the government cannot legally tax its citizens. [C1.]
p1465
asS'198501'
p1466
(lp1467
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that earnings for the fourth quarter and all of last year both grew 13 percent from the 1983 periods. For the quarter, earnings were $652 million, or $1.44 a share, up from $579 million, or $1.27 a share, in the 1983 fourth quarter. For the year, G.E. earned $2.28 billion, or $5.03 a share, up from $2.02 billion, or $4.45 a share, in 1983.
p1468
aVIN what could be an important development for the nation's 2 million deaf people and 14 million others who are hard of hearing, a scientist at the General Electric Company has invented a device that enables a hearing-impaired person to use the telephone. The device cannot teach these people to speak - often a problem for deaf people who have never heard themselves. And, unlike an artificial ear recently approved by the Food and Drug Administration, the device does not try to give a handicapped person a sense of hearing. What the mechanism does, rather, is to convert tones generated by a Touch-Tone telephone to letters that a hearing-impaired person can see.
p1469
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation yesterday reported a 17.4 percent increase in fourth-quarter earnings, to $160.6 million from $136.8 million in the period in 1983. On a per-share basis, earnings rose to 91 cents from 78 cents. Sales increased to $2.89 billion from $2.60 billion.
p1470
aNaVThe General Electric Company said it and Apple Computer Inc. are offering a new telecommunications service called Applelink, a prototype for a commercial version to be called Dealertalk. The company said Dealertalk, scheduled for commercial availability early in the second quarter, would use Apples's Macintosh personal computer as an intelligent work station linked to G.E.'s worldwide telecommunications network. The system would allow communications between companies and dealers or distributors.
p1471
aVEnticed by much lower borrowing costs, American corporations continued to flood the Euromarkets with new debt issues yesterday. So far this week, more than $1 billion worth of new corporate financings have been placed in London, and more new issues are expected. ''The spread between Euromarket rates and domestic rates is narrower now than it was a year ago, but companies can still realize considerable savings,'' said one Eurobond trader in New York, who asked not to be identified.
p1472
aVFour major American companies have proposed a total of 50 projects in Saudi Arabia in their bid to win multibillion-dollar military contracts in the kingdom, the Saudi Arabian newspaper Arab News reported.
p1473
aVThe Air Force announced today that the General Electric Company would continue to produce the majority of its combat jet aircraft engines in 1986. But in a move that marked a significant recovery for G.E.'s main competitor, the Air Force awarded 46 percent of next year's engine production work to the Connecticut-based Pratt & Whitney division of the United Technologies Corporation. A year ago, the Pentagon concluded what had become known as the ''Great Engine War'' by awarding G.E. 75 percent of the engine production for F-15 and F-16 warplanes in 1985. Pratt & Whitney, which had dominated the industry for decades and had never had to share an award with a competitor, received only 25 percent of the work. The split award in favor of G.E. was seen as an attempt to invigorate competition and hold down costs. The Air Force saw potential savings of $3 billion over the engines' life cycles of about 20 years.
p1474
aVPan American World Airways announced yesterday that it had picked Pratt & Whitney and International Aero Engines, a consortium initiated by Pratt & Whitney, to build the advanced engines for 28 jetliners it planned to buy from Airbus Industrie. Pan Am said that the value of the engines was $269 million, with Pratt & Whitney's share valued at $144 million and the consortium's share at $125 million. The selection of the PW4000 engine for 12 A310-300 jetliners was important to Pratt & Whitney since it was the first large public order for the engine on which the company, a division of the United Technologies Corporation, has spent huge amounts for development.
p1475
aVRARELY has any industry enjoyed a better operating environment than the nation's military contractors do today. Not since the Vietnam War has there been such heavy demand for weapons. The Reagan Adminstration has been progressively increasing budgets for military hardware since it arrived in Washington four years ago, and the Pentagon, for its part, has been working overtime to help contractors overcome their reputation for gross industrial backwardness and woefully inefficient production. Yet, after four years of Pentagon nurturing and Reagan Administration budgetary largess, a dizzying procession of highly publicized cost and quality fiascos has left the industry's image more tarnished than ever. Why, critics ask, can't the industry find a way to remedy its mistakes and stop wasting billions of taxpayer dollars? There is a litany of woes. The explosion earlier this month of a Pershing 2 missile in West Germany, which killed three American soldiers when its motor caught fire, shocked Europe. Eight governmental units are investigating the Navy's nuclear submarine building program, looking into allegations of multi-million dollar abuse. Other inquiries are focusing on possible illegal overcharges at Ford Aerospace and kickbacks at Hughes Aircraft. The armed services are rejecting shoddy products from military contractors at an unprecedented rate, including fighter jets from McDonnell Douglas, missiles from Hughes Aircraft and semiconductors from Texas Instruments. And cost increases and cost overruns persist, with inflation in the defense sector running 2 percentage points above the overall inflation rate.
p1476
asS'198503'
p1477
(lp1478
VThe General Electric Company's search for acquisitions is continuing, particularly in high-technology businesses, and ''major acquisitions are probable,'' Dennis D. Dammerman, senior vice president for finance, told securities analysts. He said the company had $3.2 billion of cash and equivalents available at the end of 1984.
p1479
aVThe General Electric Company expects to be indicted today on charges of defrauding the Government during work on a nuclear- warhead system, a company spokesman said. Jack Batty, a G.E. spokesman at the company's Fairfield, Conn. headquarters, said last night, ''Yes, we expect the indictment resulting from work done through our aerospace group. But while it is entirely possible that during the course of performing these multi- million dollar contracts charging errors did occur, there was no criminal wrongdoing on the part of the company or its employees.''
p1480
aVAlthough the General Electric Company is perhaps best known as the manufacturer of such consumer items as refrigerators, hair dryers and light bulbs, it has moved quickly in recent years to take a place as a leading Defense Department contractor, with military contracts representing nearly a fifth of its $28.9 billion in revenues for 1984. ''They have picked up significantly more of the military engine area and they're trying to be more aggressive with their aerospace business,'' said Robert W. McCoy Jr., an analyst with Kidder, Peabody & Company. Mr. McCoy said he doubted that yesterday's indictment of the company on charges that it falsified claims and lied to the Government about work done on a nuclear warhead system would affect its future in military-related work.
p1481
aVThe Air Force announced today that it had suspended the General Electric Company from future Pentagon contracts because of the company's indictment earlier this week on charges that it falsified claims and lied to the Government about work on a nuclear warhead system. The temporary debarment, announced by Air Force Secretary Verne Orr, was the first such action ever taken against a major Defense Department supplier. G.E. is the nation's fourth-largest military contractor. The Air Force also requested $208 million in voluntary refunds from General Electric and the Pratt & Whitney division of the United Technologies Corporation for making greater-than- expected profits on contracts for supplies of aircraft engine spare parts. Intensified Crackdown Today's actions reflect an intensification of the Defense Department's crackdown on the growing problem of its errant contractors. (Page D4.)
p1482
aVThe Defense Department's crackdown on its errant contractors reached a new point of intensity today when the General Electric Company was temporarily barred from getting more of the Pentagon's business and refunds were demanded from it and the Pratt & Whitney division of the United Technologies Corporation. What began about three years ago with the slapping of the wrists of small companies caught defrauding the Government or wasting the taxpayer's money has escalated into more punitive measures against some of the largest makers of weapons in the land. The reason? Verne Orr, the Secretary of the Air Force, stated it succinctly today: ''National support for building military strength has been severely battered by public perception that we pay too much for the goods and services we acquire.'' 'Significantly in Excess' In letters to General Electric and United Technologies, Mr. Orr demanded that they refund to the Government a total of $208 million in profits that he said were ''significantly in excess of those negotiated by the Government.''
p1483
aVVice Admiral Earl B. Fowler, head of naval shipbuilding, has accused the General Dynamics Corporation of violating security regulations by distributing within the company a document with 19 photographs of the Trident submarine, according to a Congressional aide. Adm.
p1484
aVAn Assistant Secretary of the Navy was interviewed for employment by the General Dynamics Corporation for two months or more while he was in office, according to Navy and company documents. The documents show that George A. Sawyer, who served as Assistant Secretary of the Navy for shipbuilding and logistics from June 1981 to June 1983, discussed employment with General Dynamics executives while still closely involved as a Government official with the company's contracts. He was hired by General Dynamics in June 1983. He is currently a member of the company's board of directors.
p1485
aVAlcatel Thompson and Fairchild Industries said they had agreed to pool telecommunications technology and marketing worldwide. * Circle K Corp., Phoenix, said it had completed an agreement with L-Z Corp. for the $38.4 million sale and leaseback of 122 of its recently acquired Little General Convenience stores.
p1486
aVThe House Armed Services Committee said today that it would audit seven arms producers as part of an investigation of Pentagon contracting. The seven companies, which according to a committee statement were chosen only because they represent an industry cross section, are the General Dynamics Corporation; the Sperry Corporation; the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, a subsidiary of Tenneco Inc.; Bell Helicopter Textron Inc., a subsidiary of Textron Inc.; the McDonnell Douglas Corporation; the Rockwell International Corporation, and the Boeing Company. In another matter involving Government scrutiny of the weapons industry, an Air Force spokesman confirmed today that it intends to notify the General Electric Company that its suspension Thursday from bidding on new Pentagon contracts will extend throughout the executive branch of the Government, including the General Services Administration, which manages Government procurement activities. For the auditing project, which is expected to take about 45 days, 14 auditors from the Pentagon's Defense Contract Audit Agency and the General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, have been assigned to the committee. Their focus will be overhead costs billed to the Government, a subject of intense interest on Capitol Hill since evidence arose last year of improper billings for entertainment and personal travel by General Dynamics executives.
p1487
aVFor more than a year, a steady stream of Federal investigators has sought audience with Panagiotis Takis Veliotis. Though he was first viewed with skepticism, many visitors to his villa in Ekali, this city's richest suburb, have now come to believe that he holds evidence of vast corruption in the United States defense industry. Indications are that this may not be idle musing. Though Mr. Veliotis, a 58-year-old former manager of the General Dynamics Corporation's Electric Boat division, lives with the taint of having fled to his native Greece just before a 1983 Federal indictment on kickback charges, he posseses voluminous private records from his decade in the top echelon of General Dynamics, the United States' largest weapons builder. After months of Congressional hearings and Justice Department scrutiny, his status as a fugitive has become secondary to his curatorship of these documents, which include extensive recordings of his business phone calls. Investigators have found the cache to be an almost bottomless source of information about reportedly fraudulent activity at General Dynamics and the Pentagon.
p1488
asS'198502'
p1489
(lp1490
NaNaVGeneral Public Utilities, a utility holding company whose finances were strained by the accident at the Three Mile Island nuclear power plant, yesterday announced more favorable terms on a new credit agreement with a group of unidentifed banks. The company's $150 million revolving credit agreement was extended another two years with a lower interest rate.
p1491
aVNavy Secretary John F. Lehman Jr. told Congress today that he expects the Navy to refuse payment to the General Dynamics Corporation of at least $10 million in corporate travel that Government auditors believe was improperly billed to the Pentagon. But the Navy Secretary said he saw no reason to reinvestigate wider allegations of fraud in the Navy's shipbuilding contracts with General Dynamics during the 1970's. A Justice Department investigation of the allegations ended in 1981 with no charges brought, but the inquiry was recently reopened. Asserting that the Navy has solved the huge cost overrun problems in its shipbuilding program, Mr. Lehman said, ''There is no cause for believing that there is anything wrong with the way General Dynamics is doing business with the Navy.''
p1492
aVWhen the Whirlpool Corporation began producing its new Design 2000 automatic clothes washers in volume in November, it was the culmination of a dozen years of product development. The Design 2000, to an untrained eye, is a big enamel box like any other top-loading washer. But according to Whirlpool, the 2000 line represents a fundamental redesign, not only of the washing machine itself but, equally important, of the manufacturing process. Cheaper to make, easier to service, the 2000 comes off a computer- driven assembly line in Clyde, Ohio, with 30 percent fewer parts than previous models.
p1493
aVFred L. Hartley has been both unconventional and conservative, delivering what many analysts describe as steady, above-average results during the nearly two decades that he has run the Unocal Corporation. Yet, like most large oil companies confronted with excess worldwide production and flagging demand, Unocal, parent of the Union Oil Company, has struggled. Profits fell for the first time in eight years in 1983, then rebounded by 12 percent last year. Moreover, it has been more than four years since Unocal's stock reached its peak of $56.50 a share late in 1980. Stockholders also receive one of the sparest dividend payments among the major oil companies, with a yield at about 2 percent of the current stock price.
p1494
aVAllegheny Power System Inc., the electric utility holding company, has elected to its board Edward H. Malone, a vice president of General Electric Co. until his retirement this year. *
p1495
aVThe Travelers Corporation, the nation's third-largest insurance company, after Aetna and Prudential, said that it had restructured itself along market, as opposed to product, lines and named five executives to head up the new groups. The changes are effective immediately. Analysts said that the most important of the changes was the appointment of Richard J. Shima, 45, currently executive vice president in charge of the company's property and casualty businesses, to the post of chief investment officer, overseeing investment departments and subsidiaries in a new investment group.
p1496
aVStock prices fell yesterday, hurt by a decline in bond prices reflecting further weakening of the dollar. The Dow Jones industrial average, which posted an 8-point-plus gain on Tuesday, fell 5.08 points, to close at 1,281.03. Declines ran ahead of advances by 808 to 768 as volume shrank to 107.7 million shares, from 114.2 million the day before.
p1497
aV-purpose credit cards issued by retailers and oil companies, beginning in the early 1900's. Then more than three decades ago the mulipurpose cards burst on the scene, as Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Diners' Club brought greater credit convenience to millions in buying a wide variety of goods and services. Now another generation of single-purpose cards has arisen to meet different consumer needs and wants. Such credit cards - currently being issued by manufacturers of consumer products, shopping centers and health services - are attracting increasing numbers of card holders who desire an alternative source of credit that is easily obtained and perhaps carries a bit of prestige as well.
p1498
asS'198112'
p1499
(lp1500
VDonald E. Mackworth, 44, has been named president and general manager of General Motors of Canada Ltd., the Canadian subsidiary of the General Motors Corporation based in Oshawa, Ontario. He was also elected a vice president of the parent corporation and appointed to the huge auto maker's administration committee, one of its major corporate committees, composed of the senior operating executives of the organization.
p1501
aVThe General Electric Company announced yesterday that it had signed a contract worth more than $500 million with the Tokyo Electric Power Company to build a huge electric power plant on a landfill in Tokyo Bay. The contract with G.E. for the 2,000-megawatt plant, described as the world's largest combined-cycle facility, will amount to about $396 million for equipment and $10 million for services.
p1502
aV* Circle K Corp. said it intended to purchase up to $3 million of common stock of Nucorp Energy Inc. on the open market but that changing market conditions had resulted in the cancellation of an agreement to purchase 150,000 shares of Nucorp stock at $20 a share. * Control Data Corp. has received a two-year contract valued at $5 million to supply its model 9409T flexible disk drives to Altos Computer Sytems of San Jose, Calif. * General Signal Corp.'s Cardion Electronics division has received a $13.7 million Air Force contract for a new generation of aircraft navigational equipment.
p1503
aVeach with a pair of yellow tool drums that resemble enlarged roulette wheels - are grinding, boring and fashioning parts for high-technology machines like themselves. ''Robots making robots'' is the catch-phrase used to describe the process here. Only a few human workers are involved; they direct cranes that load metal castings onto fixtures that are then wheeled automatically to a storage area. On the night shift, the machines work unassisted. The place is rather dimly lit. One solitary human sentinel -the night watchman - patrols the factory floor, armed with a flashlight, as the machines labor on, milling metal castings weighing several tons and moving them about the plant.
p1504
aVWhen the ''General Electric Theater,'' long a broadcasting feature, returns Saturday in a two-hour format on the ABC-TV Network it will mark an important turning point in the corporation's advertising. Among the eight commercials by Batten, Barton, Durstine & Osborn will be two that will be promoting industrial products, instead of the consumer products with which the public is most familiar.
p1505
aV* Bass Brothers Enterprises Inc. said it had decreased its holdings in Crown Zellerbach Corp. to 3.9 percent of the preferred stock, or 97,400 shares. * Emerson Electric Co. and Appleton Electric Co. signed a definitive agreement for the previously announced acquisition of Appleton by Emerson Electric. * First Atlanta Corp., parent company of the First National Bank of Atlanta, and Macon Bank and Trust Co., jointly announced an agreement in principle for the acquisition of Macon Bank and Trust by First Atlanta, for about $5.8 million in stock and cash.
p1506
aVThe NCR Corporation, a major manufacturer of business informationprocessing systems, charged the American Telephone and Telegraph Company and three of its subsidiaries yesterday with violations of Federal antitrust laws. NCR also said it was innocent of charges filed on Aug. 27 in Denver by A.T.& T.'s Western Electric Company subsidiary asserting that NCR had infringed on four patents owned by Western Electric.
p1507
aVDeciding that they could no longer wait for the Synthetic Fuels Corporation to act on their request for $75 million in aid, the private backers of a California coal gasification project have committed themselves to completing the $300 million project without Federal money. The 100 megawatt demonstration facility will be the nation's first electric generating plant using coal gasification technology, according to Ed Williams, a spokesman for Texaco Inc., the sponsor whose gasification technology is being used. The facility, which will be situated at the Southern California Edison Company's Coolwater generating station in the Mojave Desert near Barstow, Calif., is designed to convert Utah coal into gas. The gas will then be burned in a General Electric turbine system to create enough electricity to meet the needs of 35,000 homes, according to Mr. Williams.
p1508
aVSELLING TOTHE PENTAGON WASHINGTON IT HAS BEEN a steep slide down the ladder of defense contracting for the Lockheed Corporation. The Pentagon's No.1 supplier in 1970 with 5.9 percent of the arms market, the company stands in sixth place today with its market share clipped in half, to 2.7 percent. A decade ago, Lockheed recorded $1.8 billion in contract awards for such products as the C-5A Galaxy and P-3 Orion aircraft, Polaris and Poseidon ballistic missiles and Agena booster spacecraft. Last year, its contracts, worth $2 billion, covered work on the Trident, Polaris and Standard Arm missiles, the P-3 Orion, C-141 Starlifter, C-5 Galaxy and C-130 Hercules aircraft, as well as space vehicles and amphibious assault ships.
p1509
aV* Aileen Inc. has appointed Steven Matell president and chief executive officer of the Aileen Girl children's wear division. * American Dietaids Co., Orangeburg, N.Y., has named Reynald M. Swift senior vice president, chief operating officer. * Arrow Electronics Inc., Greenwich, Conn., has appointed David Dinin vice president of its Electronics Distribution division.
p1510
asS'198504'
p1511
(lp1512
VThe General Electric Company, helped by productivity improvements, reported yesterday that earnings in the first quarter rose 5.4 percent. G.E., the country's largest producer of electrical equipment, said that net income in the three months ended March 31 advanced to $511 million, or $1.12 a share, from $485 million, or $1.07 a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier. Sales dropped 5.8 percent, to $6.20 billion, from $6.58 billion.
p1513
aVA former Secretary of the Navy said today that he saw nothing wrong with having gone to work for the General Dynamics Corporation, the service's adversary in huge cost-overrun claims, soon after leaving Government in 1981. Edward Hidalgo, who was Assistant Secretary of the Navy from 1977 to 1979 and Secretary from 1979 to 1981, was the principal negotiator of the Navy's settlement of claims filed by General Dynamics during the 1970's to recover excess costs on nuclear submarine projects. Testifying today before a combined session of the Joint Economic Subcommittee on International Trade and the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Administrative Practice, Mr. Hidalgo said he started working for General Dynamics in November 1981. He said he earned $66,000 by the end of 1983 for various assignments related to the company's F-16 jet fighter program with the Air Force.
p1514
aVA former manager for the General Electric Company was indicted today on charges of lying to a Federal grand jury investigating a plot to defraud the Government of $800,000 on a Minuteman missile contract.
p1515
aVThe General Electric Company, although still facing a general freeze on obtaining new Pentagon contracts because of a Federal indictment, has received a $4.4 million award from the Air Force under an exception for ''national security reasons.'' Another company in which G.E. holds a partnership interest, CFM International of Cincinnati, was also awarded a $422.9 million contract on Thursday because the Air Force said the suspension of G.E. ''pertains only to the General Electric Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries.'' G.E. was suspended from receiving any new Pentagon contracts because of its indictment on Federal fraud charges. An Air Force official, who asked not to be identified, said today that Air Force Secretary Verne Orr will meet with G.E.'s chairman, John F. Welch, to discuss the contract suspension next week.
p1516
aVThe Air Force announced today that it was restoring much of the General Electric Company's eligibility to bid on Government contracts, based on improvements in the company's accounting procedures. The company's Space Systems division, which has been charged with altering time cards in a way that defrauded the Government, will remain barred from Federal contracting while the Air Force reviews additional corrective actions. The purported alterations resulted in a March 26 Federal indictment of the company.
p1517
aVThe General Electric Company prepared today for a May 13 trial on charges that it defrauded the Federal Government by padding expenses on a $47 million Minuteman nuclear warhead contract. G.E., the nation's fourth-largest defense contractor, with $4.5 billion in annual military business, pleaded not guilty to 108 counts of making false claims that led to what was reportedly an $800,000 overpayment.
p1518
aVThe General Electric Company, the nation's fourth- largest military contractor, pleaded not guilty in Federal court today to allegations that it overcharged the Government by $800,000 on contracts on Minuteman nuclear warheads. A chief engineer of G.E., Joseph Calabria, and a former G.E. unit manager, Roy Baessler, also pleaded not guilty to charges that they lied to a Federal grand jury.
p1519
aVThe ordnance division of the FMC Corporation won a $101.9 million Navy contract for the production of amphibious assault vehicles, the Defense Department said.
p1520
aNaVTwo separate Wall Street investment banking sources said yesterday that the General Electric Company and CBS Inc. had discussed an arrangement under which G.E. would come in with a ''friendly'' merger offer at about $150 a share for the broadcasting company in the event a serious, unfriendly takeover bid was made by another company for CBS. If G.E. were to acquire all of CBS's 29.7 million outstanding common shares, the price would be about $4.45 billion. CBS's stock closed yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange at 09.625, up $2.875, on volume of 535,600 shares. The General Electric interest in CBS, on which a G.E. spokesman declined to comment, reportedly began several months ago and was renewed, with a firm dollar figure, this week.
p1521
asS'198507'
p1522
(lp1523
VThe Department of Water and Electricity of Abu Dhabi has decided in principle to award a major power contract to the General Electric Company of the United States, department sources said today. Sources said the contract was for supply and installation of three 85-megawatt gas turbines at the Taweelah power and desalination complex. A formal award is to be made next week, the sources said, ending a two-year bid process marked by several price revisions and retenderings.
p1524
aVThe first of three General Electric Company managers to be tried in an $800,000 scheme to cheat the Pentagon was convicted today of lying to a Federal grand jury. Joseph Calabria, 50, chief engineer at G.E.'s Space Systems division, was convicted on two perjury counts.
p1525
aVJohn D. Peterson is the only person at the General Electric Company with his own ''800'' number to receive phone calls. And he is the only person at the company with an impersonal box number to get mail. In May, G.E. admitted that its space systems division had overcharged the Air Force and the company was fined $1.04 million and ordered to pay back $800,000 that was falsely billed. After than, John Welch, G.E.'s chairman, instituted a number of new policies to try to foil future transgressions. One of his actions was to appoint a corporate ombudsman who could lend an ear to whistle blowers. John Peterson got the job.
p1526
aVThe Air Force announced today that it had further relaxed a ban on awarding new contracts to a major division of the General Electric Company that was imposed three months ago in connection with a fraud investigation. Air Force Security Verne Orr, citing internal financial improvements, said he would allow most of G.E.'s Space Systems Division to resume bidding on Government contracts.
p1527
aNaVThe Boeing Company and the General Electric Company, the nation's fifth- and sixth-largest weapons contractors, have offered refunds on equipment the Pentagon considers overpriced, the Defense Department announced today. Secretary of Defense Caspar W. Weinberger said that he had ordered the establishment of a refund policy throughout the military industry based on the Boeing and G. E. proposals. Both companies have offered to refund the cost of spare parts or support equipment considered by the Government to be unreasonably priced within three to six months after delivery.
p1528
aNaNaVThe Defense Department announced today that it had resumed contract payments to the General Dynamics Corporation after withholding $437.8 million in a dispute over the costs of weapon programs. Everett Pyatt, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Shipbuilding and Logistics, said that payments to General Dynamics began last Thursday after a 130-day suspension imposed because the company was found to have been submitting improper charges to the Pentagon. Mr. Pyatt said the suspension was being lifted because General Dynamics had improved its management and accounting procedures. The company is the nation's third-ranking contractor for military equipment, following the McDonnell Douglas Corporation and the Rockwell International Corporation.
p1529
aVThe United Technologies Corporation, reeling from losses at its Mostek semiconductor division, said yesterday that its net income in the second quarter dropped 67.6 percent, and hinted that it might move to jettison the memory-chip maker. Meanwhile, another major military contractor, General Electric, said that its earnings rose a slight 1.9 percent, while Westinghouse Electric reported a 12.3 percent rise. Last month, United Technologies predicted that Mostek would incur a ''significant operating loss'' in the second quarter, including about $75 million in write-downs of inventories to reflect their actual market value. Yesterday the company refused to say how large the loss or write-downs were, but analysts estimated that the unit might have cut the company's net income by $100 million or more. The company said that its net income was $54.8 million, or 34 cents a share, compared with $168.9 million, or $1.29, in the quarter a year ago. Sales dropped slightly, to $4.08 billion, from $4.18 billion.
p1530
asS'198506'
p1531
(lp1532
VThe Navy released today a detailed accounting of more than $67,628 in gifts given by the General Dynamics Corporation to Adm. Hyman Rickover over 16 years. The list of gifts, which Admiral Rickover received from 1961 to 1977 while he - as the Navy's director of nuclear submarines - oversaw billions of dollars of construction at General Dynamics' Electric Boat division, was disclosed in the investigative report of the Navy's Ad Hoc Gratuities Board. Based on the board's findings, Navy Secretary John F. Lehman Jr. fined General Dynamics $676,283 on May 21 and censured the admiral, who retired in 1981. Mr. Lehman said then that many of the gifts had been ''suggested, encouraged and even demanded'' by Admiral Rickover. On Monday the Navy announced that the company had agreed to pay the penalty.
p1533
aVThe Grumman Corporation won a $126.7 million Navy contract for 24 F-14A Tomcat aircraft for the fiscal year 1985, the Defense Department said. It said the Navy had also awarded $71 million to the General Electric Company for material and services for 188 F404-GE-400 engines. Also, a division of the General Motors Corporation received Army contracts totaling $30.2 million for transmissions, and White Engines Inc. of Canton, Ohio, received $33.1 million from the Army for engines.
p1534
aVThe Chrysler Corporation agreed yesterday to acquire the E. F. Hutton Credit Corporation, the brokerage firm's commercial lending and leasing operation, for $125 million. The acquisition, which still must be approved by regulatory agencies as well as both companies' boards, would mark the second time in the last two months that the nation's third-largest auto maker has expanded its Chrysler Financial Corporation operation.
p1535
aVHyman G. Rickover, the retired Navy admiral who was censured last month for accepting gifts from the General Dynamics Corporation, said in a letter released today that he had given away most of the gifts. He again denied that they had affected his duties as head of the Navy's nuclear submarine program. ''They were given to members of Congress and Congressional staff,'' he wrote in a letter dated last Friday to Secretary of the Navy John F. Lehman Jr. Some were also given to submarine crews, members of his office staff and Presidents of the United States, he added.
p1536
aVA BLACK limousine pulled up at the curb of the General Dynamics Corporation's suburban Washington office one day last week. A tall, trim man who had recently turned 60 emerged and took the elevator to Suite 1000, a warren of offices devoted to advancing the government interests of one of the world's most powerful arms manufacturers. Though some senior General Dynamics officials have become familiar faces in the news during the past year of turmoil for the company, this man -even his name - has remained virtually unknown except to serious students of the case. He is Lester Crown, a company director whose 8.9 million shares of General Dynamics make him the company's biggest shareholder and who is playing an increasingly important role in shaping company strategy. As the son of Henry Crown, the legendary Chicago financier who once bought the Empire State Building with borrowed funds and sold it for a $32 million profit, Lester Crown has gradually inherited much of his father's weight on General Dynamics' board. And in the past few months his role has expanded as his 89-year-old father's has diminished: While he does not have a hand in the day-to-day running of the company, Lester Crown is, by all accounts, deeply involved in major decisions. Recently, for example, he played a key role in choosing a successor to the company's beleaguered chief executive, David Lewis.
p1537
aVBuried among 200 pages of the 1986 military programs bill that the House of Representatives will debate this month is a Congressional instruction that is rare in the annals of Air Force procurement. It calls for direct competition between two warplanes - the General Dynamics F-16 Falcon, of which the Air Force has already acquired more than 1,300, and Northrop's F-20 Tigershark, a plane that nobody has bought so far. The directive does not guarantee that Northrop will sell even a single F-20 to the Pentagon - and it may be, as some in Washington say, that the plane is being used simply to beat down the price of the F-16 - but the F-20's prospects have nonetheless suddenly blossomed. In addition to the military-reform movement in Congress, the plane has been given an assist from budget constraints on the Air Force, a drive by the Air National Guard to win new aircraft instead of traditional Air Force hand-me-downs and Northrop's own lobbying and marketing skills. And there may also be an export market. National security officials disclosed on Wednesday that Jordan appeared to be moving toward accepting Washington's preconditions - negotiations with Israel - for purchase of the F-20.
p1538
aV* Aluminum Co. of America, Pittsburgh, said it was reducing primary aluminum production by 11,000 tons a year. * First National Supermarkets Inc., Maple Heights, Ohio, said its board had agreed to the acquisition of the company by a management group for $24.25 a share. or about $63 million. * Geico Corp., a Washington-based insurance concern, agreed to acquire Financial Insurance Risk Management Inc., a closely held Milwaukee-based underwriter of financial guarantee insurance. Terms were not disclosed.
p1539
aVWHEN he was growing up in Atlanta, Michael R. Hollis recalled recently, the black community abided by 12 commandments, not the standard 10. The 2 homemade commandments were ''thou shalt own thy own home'' and ''thou shalt send thy sons and daughters to college.'' All five of the Hollis children attended college, with Michael, the youngest, graduating from Dartmouth and the University of Virginia School of Law. Now Mr. Hollis is implementing his own 13th commandment: ''thou shalt start thy own company.'' He is the founder, chairman and chief executive of Air Atlanta, the first airline that is largely owned by blacks. He made a daring choice with aviation. Black entrepreneurs have traditionally based their businesses on sales to minority customers. But from its start 16 months ago, Air Atlanta has courted business travelers, most of whom are white.
p1540
aVThe Pentagon is investigating 45 of the nation's military contractors, including 9 of the top 10, concerning allegations that include bribery, kickbacks and bid-rigging, according to Defense Department documents.
p1541
aVThe Pentagon is investigating 45 of the nation's military contractors, including 9 of the top 10, concerning allegations that include bribery, kickbacks and bid-rigging, according to Defense Department documents. Joseph H. Sherick, the Pentagon's Inspector General, gave details of 36 of the cases in a list provided to Representative John D. Dingell, Democrat of Michigan. who is the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee's investigations subcommittee. Mr. Sherick told the Congressman he could not disclose the nine others because they had not been informed that they were under investigation.
p1542
asS'196608'
p1543
(lp1544
sS'196609'
p1545
(lp1546
sS'200812'
p1547
(lp1548
VDESPERATE FOR CASH General Motors said that it was in such dire straits that it would deeply cut jobs, factories, brands and executive pay as part of its plea to get federal aid. The chief executives of the Big Three auto companies are hoping to avoid another drubbing like the one they received for having flown on their private jets to Washington. [B1.]
p1549
aVGeneral Motors did not apologize for anything in its first trip to Congress more than two weeks ago to plead for a federal rescue. The company's only problem, it insisted, was the current financial crisis. ''What exposes us to failure now is not our product lineup, or our business plan, or our long-term strategy,'' Rick Wagoner, G.M.'s chief executive, said in his testimony.
p1550
asS'200811'
p1551
(lp1552
sS'200810'
p1553
(lp1554
VSTRONG SUPPORT The Senate strongly endorsed the $700 billion bailout plan, leaving backers optimistic that the easy approval and popular additions would lead to acceptance in the House. [A1.] The credit crisis has played out in places most people can't see, and Washington and Wall Street have been scrambling to restore confidence in the nation's financial system.
p1555
aVPeter Y. Solmssen may have an important title as general counsel of the German engineering company Siemens, but he is just one of about 400,000 employees. Which is why his job as the enforcer of anticorruption rules is so difficult. Mr. Solmssen, who joined Siemens in 2007 after nine years at General Electric, got a taste of what he was up against on a recent swing through the Americas. At a meeting with employees in Mexico, he explained the need for Siemens to change its ways after an extensive bribery scandal two years ago. Then, Mr. Solmssen took questions.
p1556
asS'196601'
p1557
(lp1558
sS'196602'
p1559
(lp1560
sS'196603'
p1561
(lp1562
sS'196604'
p1563
(lp1564
sS'196605'
p1565
(lp1566
sS'196606'
p1567
(lp1568
sS'196607'
p1569
(lp1570
sS'200101'
p1571
(lp1572
VGeneral Electric, balancing a softening in sales with a ratcheting up of productivity, said yesterday that its fourth-quarter earnings rose 16 percent even though revenue gained only 6 percent. But the company also said layoffs were likely. G.E. earned $3.59 billion, or 36 cents a share in the quarter, compared with $3.09 billion, or 31 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenue rose to $35 billion from $32.9 billion.
p1573
aVAir France, Continental Airlines, and the companies that helped build their aircraft have been named in a new lawsuit stemming from last year's crash of a Concorde supersonic jet. The complaint, filed yesterday by the estates of three German travelers who died in the crash, contends that two events thought to have caused the crash -- a 16-inch metal strip falling off a Continental DC-10's thrust reverser, and the blowout of a Concorde tire that hit the strip on the runway -- were such common occurrences that the crash could and should have been prevented. Goodyear Tire and Rubber, General Electric, MRA Systems Inc., BAE Systems P.L.C. and the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company, are named as defendants in the suit.
p1574
aVThe Xerox Corporation, whose stock declined steeply as investors became concerned that it was running out of cash, said yesterday that it had received $435 million in financing from the GE Capital unit of General Electric, increasing its cash on hand to $1.8 billion and sending its stock price higher. The company, based in Stamford, Conn., said the financing was secured by its portfolio of lease receivables in Britain and would be repaid over 18 months. The company said Tuesday that it had hired the Blackstone Group to advise it on liquidity and cash-flow management, but denied reports that Blackstone would advise it on a bankruptcy filing. Xerox shares rose $1.25 to close at $7.13.
p1575
aVADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC., Sunnyvale, Calif., a maker of computer chips, said it would buy back as much as $300 million of its stock. The move is expected to increase the company's earnings per share by reducing its 313.4 million outstanding shares. NESTL NEDERLAND B. V., Vevey, Switzerland, a unit of the world's biggest food company, Nestl S. A., has agreed to supply up to 7,000 tons of French fry potato mix annually to Tasty Fries Inc., Blue Bell, Pa.
p1576
aVAs California energy officials initiated rolling blackouts today to conserve thinning power reserves, companies throughout Silicon Valley dimmed lights, turned off heating systems and switched on backup generators to keep the high-technology industry humming. The actions, taken by leading companies like Cisco Systems, Intel and Sun Microsystems, reminded many here of the scorching day last summer when the lights went out.
p1577
aVWhile Californians readied themselves for yet another day of possible power blackouts, negotiators in Washington continued today to try to hammer out a solution to the state's energy problems. Two days ago, President Clinton brought together federal and state leaders, utility executives and power generation representatives to discuss the crisis in California that has driven the state's two largest utilities to the brink of bankruptcy and threatens the state's economy. That group, which included Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers, agreed that several issues needed to be addressed to solve California's problems.
p1578
aVWhere did the money go? Since last spring, California's two biggest utilities have spent $12 billion more for power than they have collected from ratepayers. With the utilities threatening bankruptcy, the Legislature called into emergency session, companies putting off expansion plans and residents braced for rate increases, the search for explanations -- or scapegoats -- has reached a fever pitch.
p1579
aVThe Ford Motor Company will announce plans on Tuesday to install electrically assisted gasoline engines to sharply increase fuel efficiency and reduce emissions in a large proportion of the Ford Explorers it sells in 2004, company executives said. The plans are the broadest yet in the auto industry to introduce electric technology -- specifically, starters that turn a vehicle's engine on and off automatically, eliminating idling -- into the mass market.
p1580
aVSOUTHERN ENERGY, one of the largest power companies in the United States, has changed its name to the Mirant Corporation and will begin advertising the change today. Mirant, based in Atlanta, which is 80 percent owned by the Southern Company, is scheduled to complete a spinoff from the parent company on April 2; 20 percent of Southern Energy was sold in an initial offering last fall. One requirement of the public offering was that Southern Energy, started in 1992 by Southern Company, changed its name.
p1581
aVNBC, accelerating a continuing cost-cutting program in the face of a drop in advertising, will cut 5 to 10 percent of its work force, or anywhere from 300 to 600 jobs. The company expects the reduction, at least some of which it hopes will be achieved through attrition, to be complete by the end of March. ''It is no secret that the current economic climate is affecting our business,'' NBC's chairman, Robert Wright, said in a memo to employees yesterday. ''It is now clear that we must go beyond belt-tightening and take the additional step of reducing the size of our work force.''
p1582
asS'200007'
p1583
(lp1584
VThe General Electric Company, benefiting from a robust economy and its aggressive push into selling products online, said yesterday that its second-quarter earnings rose 20 percent, beating analysts' estimates. For the quarter ended June 30, net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 34 cents a share. That compares with $2.82 billion, or 28 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier when adjusted for a 3-for-1 stock split in April. Revenue surged 20 percent, to $32.9 billion from $27.4 billion.
p1585
aVBowater Inc. said yesterday that it would buy the Newsprint South Inc. paper mill in Grenada, Miss., from the General Electric Company's GE Capital Structured Finance Group for $370 million plus $8.9 million in debt. The mill, built in 1989, has an annual production capacity of about 250,000 metric tons of newsprint and has one of the lowest operating costs of a United States mill, the company said. Bowater, a paper manufacturer, said it expected the deal to close in the third quarter and that it would increase earnings and cash flow in the first year. With the Newsprint South acquisition, the company will have nine pulp and paper mills in the United States, Canada and South Korea.
p1586
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would buy the railroad equipment maker Harmon Industries in a $342 million stock deal intended to bolster GE Harris Railway Electronics, which is G.E.'s venture with the Harris Corporation. G.E. said it would issue Harmon's shareholders $30 of G.E. stock for each Harmon share. The shares jumped 24 percent yesterday, rising $16.375, to $29.5625, in Nasdaq trading. G.E.'s shares were up $1.5625, to $53.75, on the New York Stock Exchange. Harmon, based in Blue Springs, Mo., supplies signal, inspection, train control and communications systems to railroads, with sales of $304 million in 1999.
p1587
aVThe General Electric Company named Robert C. Wright, the longtime president of NBC, to the additional post of vice chairman of G.E. yesterday. He will join the chairman, John F. Welch Jr., and one other vice chairman, Dennis D. Dammerman, a financial officer, as the only G.E. executives on the company's board. Mr. Wright, who has led NBC for 14 years, the longest tenure for any top executive in network television history, will continue to manage the network and all of its other media assets, which include the cable channels CNBC and MSNBC.
p1588
aVTime Warner Trade Publishing yesterday acquired the right to publish a book by John F. Welch Jr., the widely admired chairman of the General Electric Company, for a record advance of $7.1 million, more than advances paid for books by Gen. Colin L. Powell or the pope. Publishers involved in the bidding war said the high level of interest in the book reflected the growing obsession with business and the stock market. Americans are working more hours and, in an overheated job market, seeking more rewarding work, said Carolyn Reidy, president of the trade division at Simon & Schuster, one of the unsuccessful bidders. In the meantime, interest in saving for retirement has spread a new fascination with investing. The eye-popping sum also testified, they said, to a masterful sales job by Mr. Welch.
p1589
aVFor several years, Donald B. Marron has waved off questions about when he would relent and sell the PaineWebber Group, the fourth-largest United States brokerage firm and the biggest one that is not part of a financial services conglomerate. Now, Mr. Marron, the firm's longtime chairman and chief executive, appears to be waving a white towel in surrender. UBS A.G., a giant Swiss bank that was formerly called Union Bank of Switzerland, has offered to pay about $12 billion in cash and stock for PaineWebber, and the companies were expecting to announce an agreement today, according to executives close to the deal. Almost $1 billion of the purchase price will go into a bonus pool to retain crucial employees of PaineWebber, an executive said.
p1590
aVThe Boeing Company and Airbus Industrie announced more than $15 billion in new orders today at the air show in Farnborough, an unexpectedly large sum that reflected the resilience of the commercial aircraft market. The value of the orders disclosed by the companies, the world's only two builders of large airliners, far exceeded the $9.4 billion total that was announced at the last major international air show, in Paris, a little more than a year ago.
p1591
aVE. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS & CO., Wilmington, Del., ended an agreement to buy a research and development facility in Romainville, France, from Aventis S.A. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its plastics unit, GE Silicones, Waterford, N.Y., had agreed to buy closely held American Silicones Inc., Garrett, Ind., a maker of silicone rubber compounds, for undisclosed terms.
p1592
aVRead-Rite, an electronic components maker in Milpitas, Calif., has been in no position to complain whenever fluctuations in electrical service shut down a vital computer-controlled milling machine. After all, the local utility, Pacific Gas and Electric, has lived up to its contractual obligation to keep the power flowing and to prevent voltage surges or dips of 10 percent or more. Unfortunately, the milling machine, which helps Read-Rite make the tiny devices that read and write information on computer disk drives, crashes if voltages vary as little as 5 percent. And such flutters have occasionally occurred the last two years as Pacific Gas, a unit of the PG&E Corporation, has performed its daily juggling act of matching power demand and supply in the region. So far, Read-Rite's solution has been to monitor the incoming power closely and adjust settings on the milling equipment manually.
p1593
aVSears, Roebuck & Company announced an expansion of its Internet business today, adding five new product categories including home electronics and tabletop appliances. Computers and office equipment, baby products and school uniforms will also be available at the Web site, sears.com. Major appliances, tools, and lawn and garden equipment and parts are already offered.
p1594
asS'200103'
p1595
(lp1596
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its profit would rise in 2001 by at least 10 percent and that the savings from its planned purchase of Honeywell International would be greater than previously estimated. The company said its earnings were ensured by an order backlog of more than $44 billion in turbines, aircraft engines and other expensive equipment that is financed and serviced over years. Shares of General Electric rose $2.73, to $42.33 a share. The company said it expected to meet analysts' first-quarter per-share profit estimates of 30 cents, the average forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial/First Call.
p1597
aVThe GE Capital Corporation agreed to buy the Franchise Finance Corporation of America for $1.4 billion in cash, expanding its lending to Burger King, 7-Eleven, Midas Muffler and other franchises. GE Capital, the world's biggest nonbank financing company, will pay $25 cash per Franchise Finance share, 5.4 percent more than Thursday's $23.72 closing price. GE Capital will also assume $700 million of debt. Franchise Finance, based in Scottsdale, Ariz., has provided loans and other credit to 6,200 properties in the United States and Canada. It will operate as a separate unit within GE Capital's Commercial Equipment Financing subsidiary.
p1598
aVThe Enron Corporation said yesterday that its $3.1 billion sale of the Portland General Electric Company to Sierra Pacific Resources might not be completed. ''There's probably a 5 percent probability that Sierra Pacific's purchase of Portland General will be consummated,'' the chief executive, Jeffrey Skilling, said on a conference call with investors. Enron said in January that Sierra Pacific might not be able to sell a Nevada power plant stake as needed to win regulatory approval for the Portland General transaction. Enron blamed a California law that barred public utilities from shedding generators until 2005 because of an electricity shortage.
p1599
aVThe PG&E Corporation refinanced its debt with a $1 billion loan from the General Electric Capital Corporation and Lehman Commercial Paper Inc., according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The loan proceeds and other PG&E cash were used to pay $501 million in commercial paper, including $457 million that had gone into default, the filing said. PG&E also said it paid $434 million in borrowings under lines of credit and $116 million to stockholders as of Dec. 15, 2000, for a dividend in the last quarter of 2000. PG&E had missed commercial paper payments in recent weeks to conserve cash. Gov. Gray Davis of California is negotiating with PG&E and its utility, the Pacific Gas and Electric Company, for its transmission lines as part of a broader plan to keep them out of bankruptcy.
p1600
aVAt a time when the term start-up evokes images of crashing stock prices and collapsing business plans -- here as much as in the United States -- Ashok Soota might not seem to be a man to watch. But Mr. Soota's 19-month-old venture, Mind Tree Consulting, has been celebrated by technology analysts and journalists, even though it is privately held and has all of $15 million in sales.
p1601
aVThe General Electric Company is close to selling its satellite services unit to the Socit Europenne des Satellites of Luxembourg for about $5 billion in cash and stock, according to executives close to the deal. The companies, which have been holding talks for months, have tentatively reached an agreement and an announcement could come within a week, the executives said last night. However, they warned that both sides could still abandon the deal.
p1602
aVAn increasingly popular technique for evaluating employees is prompting lawsuits charging discrimination at three big companies. At issue is the ranking of managers, professionals and sometimes lower-level employees from best to worst, or grading them on a bell curve, and then using that ranking to help determine pay and sometimes whether to fire someone.
p1603
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its GE Aircraft Engines, the largest jet engine producer in the world, won a deal worth more than $500 million from CargoLifter Development G.m.b.H., a German airship maker, to supply and maintain engines for a new fleet in development.
p1604
aVThe uncertainty in the stock market and the growing friction between the head of Hughes Electronics, Michael Smith, and General Motors management is making it tougher for General Motors to sell Hughes, say executives close to the discussions. G.M. needs cash and has been eager to unload Hughes, whose shares trade as a G.M. tracking stock and which owns the satellite television company DirecTV. But in last week alone, Hughes's share price has fallen 16 percent, to close on Friday at $19. On Thursday alone, it fell 7 percent, as rumors swirled that the News Corporation, which has become frustrated in its attempt to pull off a merger with DirecTV, was close to a deal with a rival satellite company, Echostar.
p1605
aVPresident Bush's decision this week not to regulate carbon dioxide emissions by electric utilities is a mixed blessing for automakers, which oppose any regulation of such emissions. Automakers have been increasingly alarmed by public attention to carbon dioxide, a gas linked to global warming. Whether carbon dioxide emissions from electric utilities should be regulated has implications for a far more politically acrimonious issue: federal fuel-economy regulations for new automobiles.
p1606
asS'200102'
p1607
(lp1608
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it had promoted the president of its CNBC financial news channel to the newly created position of chairman and chief executive of the unit. The executive, Bill Bolster, 57, had been president of CNBC since January 1996. Previously, Mr. Bolster was president and general manager of WNBC-TV, NBC's flagship TV station in New York. General Electric also announced the promotion of Pamela Thomas-Graham to president and chief operating officer of CNBC.
p1609
aVThe PG&E Corporation refinanced its debt with a $1 billion loan from the General Electric Capital Corporation and Lehman Commercial Paper Inc., according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The loan proceeds and other PG&E cash were used to pay $501 million in commercial paper, including $457 million that had gone into default, the filing said. PG&E also said it paid $434 million in borrowings under lines of credit and $116 million to stockholders as of Dec. 15, 2000, for a dividend in the last quarter of 2000. PG&E had missed commercial paper payments in recent weeks to conserve cash. Gov. Gray Davis of California is negotiating with PG&E and its utility, the Pacific Gas and Electric Company, for its transmission lines as part of a broader plan to keep them out of bankruptcy.
p1610
aVThe European Commission confirmed today that it would open an extended investigation into the General Electric Company's planned $45 billion acquisition of Honeywell International Inc., despite an 11th-hour effort by John F. Welch Jr., the G.E. chief executive, to secure a quick clearance by European regulators. ''I informed Jack Welch of my intention to open a second-phase inquiry,'' Mario Monti, the competition commissioner, said in reference to his meeting with Mr. Welch in Brussels on Monday.
p1611
aVMetro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. agreed yesterday to buy 20 percent of four cable television channels owned by a unit of Cablevision Systems, the New York area's biggest cable operator, for $825 million. MGM will pay cash for a stake in American Movie Classics, Bravo, the Independent Film Channel and We: Women's Entertainment, Cablevision said. MGM, based in Santa Monica, Calif., owns one of the world's largest film libraries. Cablevision, based in Bethpage, N.Y., had been considering the sale of all or part of Rainbow Media Group, its programming unit, or issuing a stock to track its performance. Cablevision owns about 74 percent of Rainbow, and NBC, a unit of General Electric, owns the rest.
p1612
aVRolls-Royce P.L.C. of Britain and the General Electric Company of the United States shared a $1.2 billion engine order announced by Qantas Airways Ltd. The order tightened Rolls-Royce's hold on the new market for engines for superjumbo aircraft but positioned G.E. to obtain further orders from the Australian airline over the coming decade. Qantas did not detail the cost of the engines, part of the $4.6 billion fleet program it announced late last year. But the engines that the airline selected have a total list price of about $1.2 billion, split about evenly between the two suppliers.
p1613
aVIn 1966, the NBC television network broke new ground in the marketing of both recorded music and television programming with the appearance of ''The Monkees'' -- a made-for-TV band that also sold its own records. Now NBC and HarperCollins Publishers are trying something similar with a book, and it is working like a charm. In a rare collaboration by a network and a publisher, NBC wove the publication of a book into the plot of its soap ''Passions,'' including an on-screen appearance of HarperCollins's chief executive, Jane Friedman. Meanwhile, off screen, HarperCollins last month published a new book ostensibly written by a character on ''Passions.'' The result, titled ''Hidden Passions,'' has become a national best seller, appearing on The New York Times best-seller list for the first time last week, with more than 120,000 copies in print.
p1614
aVPetopia.com, an online pet products retailer whose backers included Petco Animal Supplies and NBC, a unit of General Electric, withdrew plans to go public yesterday, saying it has sold most of its assets to Petco and was no longer in business. Petopia, which is based in San Francisco, announced in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it was withdrawing a $100 million initial offering. The company was planning to use the money to repay $2 million in debt as well as for marketing expansion and brand-building efforts.
p1615
aVOLD DOMINION FREIGHT LINE INC., High Point, N.C., a transporter of freight, said it would buy selected assets of Carter & Sons Freightways Inc., Tex., which is a regional carrier, to strengthen its service in the south-central United States. Terms were not disclosed. GMAC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE, Detroit, said it had acquired Keystone Mortgage Partners L.L.C., Phoenix, an originator and servicer of commercial mortgages specializing in life insurance. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
p1616
aVINVESTORS in money market funds had yet another scare in mid-January, when Pacific Gas & Electric and Southern California Edison defaulted on commercial paper -- unsecured short-term corporate borrowings -- held by money funds. The California problem followed one in the summer of 1999, when the General American Life Insurance Company could not meet demands for repayment of short-term loans held by many money funds. General American was later acquired by Metropolitan Life Insurance, which ultimately repaid the debt holders.
p1617
aVTHREE years ago, Bob Carter, the chief executive of Panda Energy International, gathered his employees and told the story of Hernando Cortes, the Spanish explorer who, after landing on the Mexican coast in 1519, burned his ships to motivate his men to make the expedition a success. Mr. Carter had just staked the future of his company, now 19 years old, on a risky bet of his own: spending close to $100 million -- a huge amount for a company that will have about $300 million in sales this year -- on a down payment for electricity-generation turbines made by General Electric.
p1618
asS'200105'
p1619
(lp1620
VThe General Electric Company won a five-year extension of an upgrade and maintenance contract with the Southwest Airlines Company valued at $1.2 billion. The service unit of GE Aircraft Engines will install upgrade kits on 300 CFM56-3 engines, used on older-model Boeing 737's and made by a joint venture between General Electric and Snecma of France, a General Electric spokeswoman, Jamie Jewell, said. G.E. Engine Services will maintain the Southwest fleet through 2012. GE Aircraft Engines is based in Evendale, Ohio.
p1621
aVProfit at General Electric this year will be at the upper end of its projections, and the company probably will save more from the planned purchase of Honeywell International Inc. than forecast, G.E.'s president, Jeffrey R. Immelt, said yesterday. Mr. Immelt said G.E. would have profit ''solidly above'' $1.45 a share. The company initially forecast a range of $1.40 to $1.50. Analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial/First Call project a profit of $1.47 a share. Mr. Immelt spoke in Florida at a conference sponsored by a group of equity analysts called the Electrical Products Group. He also gave details about the business combinations of the Honeywell acquisition, which will merge products and services in aerospace, industrial controls, chemicals and power systems. That transaction has been tentatively approved by the Justice Department and is being reviewed by European regulators.
p1622
aVJapan's largest computer maker, Fujitsu, and the General Electric Company said yesterday that they planned to form an alliance for medical information systems. The two companies intend to provide a service that would permit different clinical imaging machines at medical institutions to exchange patient information with each other electronically and with internal databases like accounting, scheduling and patient records. This would save time, improve treatment and cut costs, they say. Hiroya Madarame, senior vice president of Fujitsu, said cooperation in clinical imaging systems could produce sales of 20 billion yen ($162.4 million) over the next four to five years.
p1623
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., the chief executive of General Electric, said yesterday that he was surprised by the level of scrutiny that European regulators gave to G.E.'s proposed $43 billion acquisition of Honeywell International. He said, though, that he was willing to take steps to assuage their concerns. Mr. Welch, in an interview, said that G.E. would agree not to bundle aircraft engines and avionics in packages that its competitors could not match.
p1624
aVThe Justice Department tentatively approved the General Electric Company's merger with Honeywell International yesterday, requiring Honeywell to divest itself of its helicopter engine business and authorize new third-party maintenance and repair service for some of its aircraft engines. The department said the United States military would have faced higher prices, lower quality and reduced innovation without the divestiture. Final approval of the $42 billion merger hinges on the negotiation of a consent decree with the companies, the department said in a statement. G.E. and Honeywell are the two main manufacturers of United States military helicopter engines. Honeywell also dominates the market for air traffic control systems. With the approval from United States regulators, the focus of the case shifts to Europe, where antitrust regulators are studying the deal.
p1625
aVIn the distant broadcasting past, back in 1941, NBC was considered such a big and dominant broadcaster that Federal regulators broke it up. Part of it eventually became ABC. Sixty years later, NBC is posed with the opposite threat -- it is now competing in a world where it has been so greatly diminished next to media giants like AOL Time Warner and Viacom that its future vitality is widely considered to be in peril.
p1626
aVIn his first major corporate and personnel moves since becoming president and chairman-elect of the General Electric Company, Jeffrey R. Immelt said yesterday that he had named Gary L. Rogers, head of GE Plastics, as a corporate vice chairman and had split G.E.'s plastics business into two operations. The divisions will be GE Plastics, which will serve primarily industrial customers, and GE Specialty Materials, which will sell abrasives, silicones and other products used in semiconductor and other technologically advanced industries.
p1627
aVResisting pressure to cut it short, the European Commission will carry to completion its investigation of the General Electric Company's planned acquisition of Honeywell International, the commission confirmed today. If it wins approval, the $45 billion deal would combine G.E.'s dominant position in the global aircraft-engine market with Honeywell's strength in avionics and other aircraft components.
p1628
aVThe General Electric Company and Honeywell International Inc. presented their case to European regulators for approval of their planned $40 billion aerospace merger today in a hearing that is the beginning of the end for the deal's clearance. G.E. and the European Commission, which is leading the investigation, declined to discuss details of the first day of the hearing. But people close to the commission said that G.E.'s economists questioned the European regulators' definitions of some of the markets affected by the deal. ''It is quite normal for companies to go into the hearings by dismissing all the commission's objections,'' one person said. ''The real negotiating doesn't begin until after the hearings are over.''
p1629
aVGE Capital, the financial unit of General Electric, said yesterday that it and the Goldman Sachs Group had signed a letter of intent to provide $7 billion to the Finova Group for a bankruptcy restructuring. The move may break up a deal Finova, a lender, had struck with the Leucadia National Corporation and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. GE Capital said it would enter into an agreement to manage Finova's assets. Finova, which is based in Scottsdale, Ariz., filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on March 7 as part of the planned takeover by a joint venture formed by Berkshire Hathaway, which is run by Warren E. Buffett, and the financial investment company Leucadia.
p1630
asS'200104'
p1631
(lp1632
VThe General Electric Company, buoyed by strong sales of gas turbines and medical systems, said yesterday that its first-quarter earnings rose 16 percent compared with results in the period a year earlier. The profit from operations, which matched analysts' estimates, was $3.02 billion, or 30 cents a share, up from $2.59 billion, or 26 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier. Revenue rose less than 2 percent, to $30.49 billion.
p1633
aVHoneywell International said yesterday that it would cut 6,500 jobs to try to remain competitive after first-quarter profit dropped 92 percent. The 6,500 job cuts represent about 5 percent of its global work force. Honeywell reported first-quarter net income of $41 million, or 5 cents a share, down from $506 million, or 63 cents a share, in the period a year earlier. Honeywell, which is based in Morris Township, N.J., and makes aerospace, automotive and electronic products, is to be acquired by General Electric later this year. Honeywell's sales for the quarter, which ended March 31, dipped to $5.95 billion from $6.04 billion. The company said the earnings decrease stemmed from a slowing economy and high raw material costs, particularly for natural gas, as well as cost-cutting measures as it works to close its deal with G.E.
p1634
aVConseco said yesterday that it would pay $52.6 million to buy EXL Service, an outsourcing company that Conseco's chairman, Gary Wendt, helped found. The action came after the insurer assigned 2,000 jobs to EXL in India. Mr. Wendt, the former chief executive of the General Electric Capital Corporation, invested $1.1 million in EXL two years ago after moving 4,000 GE Capital customer support and back-office jobs to India. Conseco's decision to outsource the jobs to EXL and to buy the company was approved by the board under an agreement with Mr. Wendt that does not allow him to be paid or recover his investment in EXL until Conseco recovers its investment in cost savings, the company said.
p1635
aVTime was, being the chief executive meant one thing: you were the boss, the first among unequals, the person who stopped the buck; you were the ''capo di capi,'' in the words of Geoff Unwin, global chief executive of Cap Gemini Ernst & Young. Now, many large companies have several chief executives -- one for each division, perhaps, or maybe one for each continent.
p1636
aVThough nightly newscasts show cars floating down flood-prone streets here, residents are hoping for more rain -- at least 20 percent more than normal for this time of year, to be precise. That is how much the operators of Brazil's electricity grid say needs to fall to ensure that hydroelectric plants will continue to run at full capacity, averting the need for energy rationing, like the recent rolling blackouts in California, in at least part of Brazil later in the year.
p1637
aVGE SILICONES, Waterford, N.Y., a unit of General Electric, said that one of its businesses, American Silicones Inc., had purchased the assets of Performance Processing Co., Orange, Calif., a division of the West American Rubber Co., for an undisclosed amount. Performance Processing is a compounder of silicone elastomers.
p1638
aVIn a bid to become the sole manufacturer of aircraft carriers and submarines for the Navy, the General Dynamics Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to buy Newport News Shipbuilding Inc. for $2.1 billion in cash. The deal -- which is subject to approval by shareholders, the Pentagon and the Justice Department -- would not only give General Dynamics control over the manufacture and maintenance of all nuclear-powered military ships, analysts said, but it would also solidify its position in the construction of Navy destroyers, support ships and commercial oil tankers.
p1639
aVSome regions of the country are short of electric power, and the price of natural gas, the most popular fuel for new power plants, has doubled. Windmills look promising but still produce only a tiny amount of power; solar power is even less significant. Nuclear reactors are now so desirable that when old ones go on sale, bidding wars have broken out. And the Bush administration's energy plan, scheduled for release soon, is expected to include strong support for new reactor construction.
p1640
aVAmerican General, the Texas life insurer, took an initial step last night toward accepting the $23 billion acquistion offer made by American International Group last week. Acceptance of the A.I.G. offer would break up American General's month-old deal with Prudential of Britain. After a meeting in New York that lasted several hours, American General's board said that A.I.G.'s offer looked like a ''superior proposal'' and directed Robert M. Devlin, American General's chief executive, and advisers to begin discussions with the new bidder.
p1641
aVRatings on $25 billion of California bonds were cut two notches, to A+ from AA, by the Standard & Poor's Corporation today because of the state's mounting energy costs. The move, seven months after S.& P. raised California's bond rating to AA, shows the effects of a statewide energy crisis. The state has spent $5.15 billion buying power, 60 percent of this year's budget surplus, on behalf of its two largest utilities, the Pacific Gas and Electric unit of the PG&E Corporation and Southern California Edison unit of Edison International.
p1642
asS'198808'
p1643
(lp1644
VLEAD: The General Electric Company announced yesterday that it had agreed to sell its solid state division to the Harris Corporation.
p1645
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said that it would supply jet engines for 15 Boeing planes ordered by Japan Air Lines in a deal that will bring G.E. $400 million. General Electric said Japan Air Lines had exercised options for 15 Boeing 747-400 aircraft to be powered by G.E.'s CF6-80C2 engines. The airline ordered five G.E.-powered aircraft last January.
p1646
aVLEAD: * General Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn., will form a Japanese-based joint venture in plastics with two Japanese partners: Mitsui Petrochemical Industries and Nagase & Company.
p1647
aVLEAD: The Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation reached into the ranks of a rival submarine builder today and named as its new president an executive vice president of Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company. James E. Turner, 54 years old, will succeed Fritz G. Tovar on Sept.
p1648
aVLEAD: After an absence of 24 years, one of the world's largest electronics companies, the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company, said today that it would re-enter the market for sophisticated computers.
p1649
aVLEAD: Wall Street knows Jack Nash and Leon Levy for the decades they spent running Oppenheimer & Company. Leveraged buyout specialists know them from Odyssey Partners, the investment boutique they opened when they left the brokerage business in 1982.
p1650
aVLEAD: The A. B. Dick Company said it had bought the privately held IGX Corporation for about $150 million. A B Dick, the Chicago-based subsidiary of the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain, makes office equipment, including offset duplicating machines and mimeograph and microfiche products. IGX, based in Waltham, Mass., was formed in the 1986 leveraged buyout of the Itek Graphix Corporation.
p1651
aVLEAD: Gould Inc. said that it had agreed to sell its semiconductor division to the California Micro Devices Corporation for about $70 million. Gould also said it planned to reduce its headquarters staff by 30 percent.
p1652
aVLEAD: Demand for electricity at Midwest utilities set sharply higher records in the last few days. The increases were the largest since the early 1970's.
p1653
aVLEAD: This fall, when Daimler-Benz A.G., the maker of Mercedes automobiles, takes control of Messerschmitt-Bolkow-Blohm G.m.b.H., West Germany's largest -but ailing - aerospace company, it will complete one of Europe's most significant corporate expansions.
p1654
asS'196511'
p1655
(lp1656
sS'196512'
p1657
(lp1658
sS'198804'
p1659
(lp1660
VLEAD: The General Electric Company has been awarded $1.68 billion in military contracts, including $945.1 million for a new submarine combat system, the Pentagon said. The corporate giant, which ranked as the nation's third-largest military contractor in the 1987 fiscal year, received eight military contracts as the first half of the 1988 fiscal year came to a close.
p1661
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company and the Roper Corporation said they had reached a definitive merger agreement that would allow G.E. to move ahead with its proposed $507.6 million acquisition of Roper. G.E. also extended the deadline of its tender offer by seven hours, until midnight Monday. G.E. has offered $54 a share for
p1662
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company priced a $500 million offering of 8 1/4 percent remarketed reset notes yesterday at 99.794, to yield 8.33 percent, or 45 basis points over yields on Treasury securities of comparable maturity.
p1663
aVLEAD: The Westinghouse Electric Corporation announced yesterday that it had sold a 45 percent stake in its $2.1 billion power-distribution business to Asea Brown Boveri A.G., giving the European electrical giant a solid foothold in the American market.
p1664
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Sales 7,980,000,000 8,320,000,000 Net inc 725,000,000 624,000,000 Share earns .80 .68 Year-ago earnings were restated at year-end 1987 to adopt new accounting rules pertaining to income taxes.
p1665
aVLEAD: To the Editor:
p1666
aVLEAD: An investor group began a proxy fight today for four seats on the board of the CNW Corporation and is also seeking to oust James R. Wolfe, the chairman and chief executive officer of the railroad and manufacturing concern.
p1667
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company and the Whirlpool Corporation agreed last night that G.E. could proceed unopposed with its tender offer for the Roper Corporation. The deal between the two giant appliance makers ends a bitter takeover battle for Roper, a manufacturer of stoves and other appliances.
p1668
aVLEAD: The Wickes Companies, the furniture and home-improvement retailer, said it would sell its lumber business to the unit's managers for $320 million, a plan that was derailed earlier this year. Wickes Lumber, based in Vernon Hills, Ill., is one of the nation's largest home-improvement retailers, with 225 outlets nationwide and sales of about $1.1 billion in 1987.
p1669
aVLEAD: * American Stores Co., Salt Lake City, said it was willing to negotiate the price of its $1.74 billion takeover offer for Lucky Stores Inc. if it was provided with confidential financial data that the supermarket chain has provided other parties.
p1670
asS'198805'
p1671
(lp1672
VLEAD: The Westinghouse Electric Company and the Rockwell International Corporation won Pentagon military contracts to build a railroad car and computer software to mobilize the MX nuclear missile. A contract for $167 million went to Westinghouse to design and build a railroad launching car for the 10-warhead intercontinental missile by mid-1992, the Air Force announced.
p1673
aVLEAD: Symon & Hilliard has popped up with three new $1 million accounts. The General Electric Company, a client for eight years, has assigned it the GE Automotive business, which serves the auto industry. GE Automotive previously had no agency.
p1674
aVLEAD: The Defense Department, awarding one of the largest contracts yet under the Strategic Defense Initiative, today chose an industry team led by the General Electric Company to play a leading role in the development and initial deployment of defenses against ballistic missiles.
p1675
aVLEAD: Cooper Industries, a diversified manufacturer of electric and electronic products and consumer tools, has agreed to buy the RTE Corporation of Brookfield, Wis., for $45 a share, or about $371 million, the two companies said today.
p1676
aVLEAD: The Pentagon selected four contractor teams today to develop a new type of high-speed, gallium arsenide computer chip.
p1677
aVLEAD: The International Lease Finance Corporation is in advanced negotiations with three aircraft makers for an order of up to 120 jets totaling more than $4 billion. The company said it was talking with the Boeing Company, the McDonnell Douglas Corporation and Airbus Industrie, as well as three engine makers.
p1678
aVLEAD: The Union Carbide Corporation yesterday announced a sharp dividend cut and plans to issue about 15 million new shares of stock to help finance its previously announced $700 million capital investment program.
p1679
aVLEAD: A Supreme Court ruling on Monday will encourage some big, traditional merchants to put pressure on manufacturers of popular consumer products to stop supplying discounters, discount store executives and consumer advocates said yesterday.
p1680
aVLEAD: As expected, the International Lease Finance Corporation today awarded the Boeing Company three-quarters of a $5 billion airliner order, the largest order ever for commercial jetliners. The European consortium Airbus Industrie won the remainder.
p1681
aVLEAD: COMMON stockholders have generally received higher returns from electric and telephone utilities over the last 16 years than from unregulated industrial corporations, a study by the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners has found.
p1682
asS'198806'
p1683
(lp1684
VLEAD: Moving far deeper into the plastics business, the General Electric Company said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the Borg-Warner Corporation's chemical business for $2.3 billion in cash.
p1685
aVLEAD: The Penske Corporation and the General Electric Capital Corporation said today that they had agreed to combine their truck leasing subsidiaries into a joint venture with assets of $1.5 billion and annual revenues of about $750 million.
p1686
aVLEAD: Directors of the Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company, owner of 11.6 percent of the idle nuclear plant in Seabrook, N.H., today halted monthly upkeep payments and called on other Seabrook owners to buy its interest in the plant.
p1687
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company took a deeper step into the plastics business last week, when it agreed to buy the Borg-Warner Corporation's chemical business for $2.3 billion in cash.
p1688
aVLEAD: A computer developed for high-resolution satellite photography is now producing detailed X-ray movies of the heart. The movies are being used by cardiologists to help them perform angioplasty, an alternative to coronary bypass surgery.
p1689
aVLEAD: The New England Electric System said yesterday that if the Seabrook nuclear plant did not operate it would take a write-off of $289 million on its investment, under a settlement negotiated with officials in Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The cost to shareholders would be $196 million after taxes, the company said.
p1690
aVLEAD: American Airlines said it would add 39 daily flights to 18 cities at its Nashville hub begining Aug. 31.
p1691
aVLEAD: The Supreme Court decision that state regulators may not challenge the prudence of investments by utilities that have been approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission may resolve several pending cases and could have an important effect on how future power plants are built, experts said yesterday.
p1692
aVLEAD: The Supreme Court today handed publicly owned utilities an important victory over state regulators and rate payers in disputes over who must pay the multibillion-dollar costs of plants that have had huge cost overruns.
p1693
aVLEAD: * Amfac Inc., San Francisco, which is involved in food, retail and hotel businesses, said its board had approved the previously announced sale of its Monterey Mushrooms division for about $30 million.
p1694
asS'198807'
p1695
(lp1696
VLEAD: The General Electric Company reported yesterday that its earnings in the second quarter rose 16 percent, lifted by the strong performance of its plastics, broadcasting and financial services businesses.
p1697
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1988 1987 Sales 9,250,000,000 9,560,000,000 Net inc 835,000,000 720,000,000 Share earns .93 .79 6mo sales 17,220,000,000 17,875,000,000 Net inc 1,560,000,000 1,344,000,000 Share earns 1.73 1.47
p1698
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Canada Inc (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1988 1987 Sales 397,383,000 428,177,000 Net inc 16,390,000 11,230,000 Share earns .33 .23 6mo sales 721,588,000 764,048,000 Net inc 28,009,000 22,259,000 Share earns .57 .45
p1699
aVLEAD: New World Entertainment Ltd., a television and movie producer that has tried to salvage a $254 million financing plan that is crucial to its business prospects, said a revised plan was getting a better reception from its bondholders.
p1700
aVLEAD: The American Telephone and Telegraph Company said yesterday that it would begin offering electronic-data-interchange services by the middle of next year.
p1701
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Dynamics Corp (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1988 1987 Sales 2,300,000,000 2,400,000,000 Net inc bc66,700,000 c125,100,000 Share earns 1.58 2.92 6mo sales 4,700,000,000 4,700,000,000 Net inc 172,400,000 230,500,000 Share earns 4.10 5.37
p1702
aVLEAD: ABI American Business Phones Inc., Irvine, Calif., said the company had received an extension until July 29 on the expiration date of the unsolicited $11-a-share merger proposal from a company director, Jean R. Stiegemeier.
p1703
aVLEAD: Blue Diamond Coal Co., Knoxville, Tenn., will build a $20 million plant in southeastern Kentucky. Construction is expected to begin in July 1989.
p1704
aVLEAD: Seven oil companies yesterday reported sharply higher earnings in the second quarter, reflecting strong profits in oil refining and marketing operations, as well as higher returns from chemical operations.
p1705
aVLEAD: * Bayly Corp., Denver, a maker of utility and leisure wear, said the privately held Nasco Holdings Inc., Nashville, had acquired substantially all the Bayly common stock owned by OTF Equities Inc., raising its stake in Bayly to about 49 percent of the shares outstanding.
p1706
asS'198801'
p1707
(lp1708
VLEAD: Mitel Inc., the United States subsidiary of the Mitel Corporation of Canada, said it had agreed to acquire the General Electric Company's RCA Telephone Systems Business. RCA Telephone Systems Business sells private branch exchange systems to small and medium-sized businesses.
p1709
aVLEAD: The Martin Marietta Corporation, announcing what is by far the largest contract yet for the nascent commercial space-launching business, said today that it had agreed to launch 15 communications satellites for the General Electric Company's Astro-Space division.
p1710
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company reported yesterday that its earnings climbed 18.9 percent in the fourth quarter of 1987, buoyed by stronger performances from nearly all of its core businesses.
p1711
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company has emerged as the leading candidate to buy Montgomery Ward or lead a leveraged buyout of the revitalized, 315-store chain, investment bankers said yesterday.
p1712
aVLEAD: The Navy has awarded a $644 million contract to the General Dynamics Corporation to build the 15th Trident missile submarine. The submarine will be built by General Dynamics' Electric Boat division in Groton, Conn., and is scheduled to be completed in July 1994, the Navy said. The submarines will each carry 24 of the Navy's updated Trident 2 missiles, or D-5, which is undergoing flight tests.
p1713
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*GENERAL ELECTRIC CO (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Sales 12,030,000,000 12,270,000,000 Net inc 868,000,000 730,000,000 Share earns .96 .80 Yr sales 39,310,000,000 35,210,000,000 Net inc 2,915,000,000 2,494,000,000 Share earns 3.20 2.73
p1714
aVLEAD: BRITISH-owned Ammirati & Puris has won the GE/RCA consumer electronics business. Its $20 million in billings make it the biggest account in the agency's 14-year history.
p1715
aVLEAD: The Emmis Broadcasting Corporation and Quantum Media Inc. are among several companies interested in acquiring the six stations of NBC Radio, according to industry executives familiar with the negotiations.
p1716
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*CINCINNATI GAS & ELECTRIC CO (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Revenue 344,828,000 332,758,000 Net loss b50,989,000 c29,929,000 Share earns - .66 Yr rev 1,357,381,000 1,403,478,000 Net inc b110,207,000 150,324,000 Share earns 2.42 3.38
p1717
aVLEAD: Nothing irritates investment bankers more than losing a shot at the huge fees they can earn for arranging major corporate deals. And when the investment banking firm's own parent is the one that snatches the deal away, tempers can flare.
p1718
asS'198802'
p1719
(lp1720
VLEAD: The Plessey Company and the General Electric Company P.L.C., two of Britain's biggest electronics concerns, said they had agreed to form a telecommunications group. GEC Plessey Telecommunications will dominate the industry in Britain and will supply products to government and commercial customers globally, they said.
p1721
aVLEAD: Several months ago, the ups and downs of the National Broadcasting Company's six radio stations finally prompted the General Electric Company, NBC's parent, to put the stations on the block. But it has only recently become clear just why G.E. decided to seek buyers.
p1722
aVLEAD: IN an increasingly competitive battle to supply the world's airlines with new planes, the McDonnell Douglas Corporation and the General Electric Company are gambling on developing a new aircraft powered by a fuel-saving engine of an unusual design.
p1723
aVLEAD: A neatly lettered sign sits behind Dick Swennumson's desk at the LDI Manufacturing Company on the outskirts of this gritty old railroad town. ''In the final analysis,'' it proclaims with deceptive simplicity, ''success is measured in profit, not volume.''
p1724
aVLEAD: The McDonnell Douglas Corporation said today that it intended to begin production by July on a new family of airplanes equipped with an advanced engine that is fuel efficient and quieter.
p1725
aVLEAD: After an internecine struggle, General Electric Capital has brought Kidder, Peabody & Company, the investment banking firm, back into the negotiations to buy Montgomery Ward & Company, according to Wall Street sources with knowledge of the talks.
p1726
aVLEAD: * Adler & Shaykin announced that it had completed its acquisition of Wherehouse Entertainment Inc. for $14 a share, or about $190 million.
p1727
aVLEAD: * American Tobacco Co., a unit of American Brands Inc., said it had agreed to sell its non-cigarette smoking-tobacco brands, related assets and a Virginia factory to Dorsett STB Inc., of Stamford, Conn., for an undisclosed price.
p1728
aVLEAD: TAKEOVER proposals always raise questions about price and terms, and often about regulatory approval, but an announcement that the New England Electric System had opened discussions with the bankrupt Public Service Company of New Hampshire has more than the usual share of uncertainties, experts in the field say.
p1729
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*COMPUTER CONSOLES INC (AMEX) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Revenue 39,202,000 41,279,000 Net inc b8,990,000 494,000 Share earns .59 .04 Yr rev 148,394,000 129,557,000 Net inc b11,320,000 c4,383,000 Share earns .86 -
p1730
asS'198803'
p1731
(lp1732
VLEAD: The Whirlpool Corporation said it had asked the Roper Corporation to recommend that its shareholders accept Whirlpool's $50-a-share tender offer for the company, rather than the $45-a-share offer made by the General Electric Company. Neither G.E. nor Roper would comment on Whirlpool's request. Roper's stock price closed unchanged at $55 a share today, indicating that traders expected further bidding.
p1733
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company, the nation's largest producer of electrical equipment, said in its 1987 annual report released this week that it earned $398 million, or 44 cents a share, in the fourth quarter of 1987, compared with $730 million, or 80 cents a share, a year earlier. Earnings for the quarter had not previously been disclosed.
p1734
aVLEAD: The Whirlpool Corporation has continued to oppose a meeting between the Roper Corporation, the appliance manufacturer that has accepted its acquisition offer of $37.50 a share, and the General Electric Company, which has since offered a counterbid of $45 a share. According to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing last week, Roper asked to meet with G.E., which said any exchange of information could occur only after
p1735
aVLEAD: The Whirlpool Corporation indicated that it would try to complete its acquisition of the Roper Corporation despite the existence of a higher bid by the General Electric Company. The company issued a statement saying that it ''remains firmly committed to effecting the agreed upon transaction'' with Roper.
p1736
aVLEAD: The Plessey Company and the General Electric Company P.L.C., two of Britain's biggest electronics concerns, said they had agreed to form a telecommunications group. GEC Plessey Telecommunications will dominate the industry in Britain and will supply products to government and commercial customers globally, they said.
p1737
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said its scientists had put a superconducting film on a silicon chip that worked at temperatures warmer than liquid nitrogen, the first such achievement. The matching of a superconductor and silicon is considered important because silicon dominates the microelectronics field, G.E.
p1738
aVLEAD: SCIENTISTS at the General Electric Company have come a step closer to marrying the new high-temperature superconductors to silicon-based integrated circuits by depositing a superconducting thin film on a silicon wafer. Superconductivity is the ability of a substance to carry electricity without resistance.
p1739
aVLEAD: Debt
p1740
aVLEAD: The Whirlpool Corporation yesterday increased its offer for the Roper Corporation to $50 a share, topping a $45-a-share bid from the General Electric Company.
p1741
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company offered yesterday to buy the Roper Corporation for $45 a share, or about $405 million, even though Roper had announced last week that it had agreed to support a bid of $37.50 a share, or $350 million, by the Whirlpool Corporation.
p1742
asS'200902'
p1743
(lp1744
VQUESTIONS OVER CITIGROUPWhile Wall Street watches to see whether Citigroup receives a third government bailout, many are asking whether the company's leader, Vikram S. Pandit, can hold on to his job. INSURERS AWAIT HELP Insurance companies expected to receive help from the federal government, and some laid what they believed to be the groundwork to benefit from its programs. But so far in the industry, the companies say, only the American International Group appears to be on the government's radar. [B1.]
p1745
aVTo rally support for his administration's economic recovery bill recently, President Obama invited about a dozen chief executives, seven of them from technology and energy companies, to the Oval Office. Some of their industries' top lobbyists, meanwhile, gathered in another office where Jason Furman, a top White House economic adviser, delivered a private briefing for groups expected to benefit most from the stimulus bill.
p1746
asS'200905'
p1747
(lp1748
sS'200904'
p1749
(lp1750
VGEITHNER'S COMPLEX ROLETimothy F. Geithner forged unusually close relationships with executives of Wall Street's giant financial institutions while president of the New York Federal Reserve. Now, as Treasury secretary, he finds himself a locus of discontent as he seeks to rebuild the nation's fractured financial system with more taxpayer assistance and a regulatory overhaul. UNION GRANTS CONCESSIONS The United Automobile Workers union reached agreement with Chrysler that would modify the union's 2007 contract and reduce the amount of money Chrysler must pay into a new health care fund for retirees. [B1.]
p1751
asS'200612'
p1752
(lp1753
VThe General Electric Company raised its quarterly dividend to 28 cents a share, from 25 cents, in a move aimed at bolstering its lackluster share price. The increase, which is payable on Jan. 25, 2007, raises G.E.'s dividend to $1.12, from $1. CLAUDIA H. DEUTSCH
p1754
aVThe head of NBC Universal's sales and marketing unit is leaving the company, the third high-level defection in the last few weeks. Keith Turner, chief of NBC's sales unit for eight years is leaving ''to pursue career opportunities outside the company,'' NBC Universal's chairman, Bob Wright, said in a memorandum sent to his staff yesterday. An announcement of Mr. Turner's successor is expected soon. Randy Falco, the No. 3 executive in the NBC Universal Television Group, left last month. David Zaslav, head of the company's cable unit, also left. NBC Universal is a division of General Electric.
p1755
aVPROFITING FROM ID THEFT -- Fear of identity theft has helped give rise to a nearly billion-dollar business in credit monitoring services sold by the major credit bureaus, direct marketers and banks. Some say the services are oversold. [Page A1.] SUPPORT FOR EMISSIONS CONTROLS -- James E. Rogers, chief executive of Duke Energy, a coal-burning utility in the Midwest and the Southeast, has emerged as an unexpected advocate of federal regulation that would for the first time impose a cost for emitting carbon dioxide. The stance by Mr. Rogers, above, is far from universal in the power industry, but it has surprising support, particularly from those who, like him, also produce electricity from carbon-free nuclear reactors. [C1.] A QUESTION OF OBJECTIVITY -- Newly disclosed documents relating to a public utility rate case brought by customers of Portland General Electric open a rare window into the internal workings of the corporate credit rating business, raising questions about the independence and integrity of rating services whose reports are relied upon by millions of investors in choosing stocks and bonds. [C1.] RULES TRIP UP ARMS MAKERS -- Arms makers who export to the United States are in a squeeze because of a complex set of rules that govern who can work on military projects for the United States government. [C1.] CHINA PRESSED ON PIRACY -- In a rebuke to China on the eve of a high-level visit by American officials, the Bush administration formally accused Chinese leaders of failing to meet commitments to open the nation's economy and crack down on piracy of foreign goods. [C1.] MEDICARE PAY, WITH INCENTIVES -- Doctors who had been fearing a pay cut under Medicare instead got a small bonus from Congress, with strings attached. To get the money, doctors will have to report how often they provide quality care, as defined by the government. [A27.] A BAN ON BILLBOARDS -- Come the new year, So Paulo, a city of 11 million, plans to prohibit outdoor advertising like billboards. [A4.] WATER BILLS UNCOLLECTABLE -- For years, New York City has failed to collect on millions of dollars in overdue water bills because its records are so riddled with factual errors and outdated information that pursuing deadbeats and delinquents has become virtually impossible. [A1.] FUND OFFERS RIVAL BOARD SLATE -- A hedge fund run by Richard C. Breeden, a former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said that it would nominate a slate of directors to oppose incumbents at its largest holding, the restaurant chain Applebee's International. [C4.] E.P.A. REVISES MILEAGE MATH -- The Environmental Protection Agency is changing the formula for calculating miles-per-gallon numbers on the window stickers of new cars, to take account of higher speeds, more aggressive driving, more air-conditioning use and other factors. [C4.] DP WORLD SELLS U.S. HOLDINGS -- Dubai's giant port company, DP World, sold off its United States holdings to the American International Group, bringing to an end a contentious deal that left a bitter taste for Middle East investors. [C4.] RETIREMENT OF AN AD MAGNATE -- An era in advertising will end Dec. 31 when Edward H. Meyer -- known as the Rupert Murdoch or Sumner Redstone of Madison Avenue -- plans to do something that neither media mogul has done: retire. Advertising: Stuart Elliott. [C6.] SHAKE-UP AT CITIGROUP -- Citigroup investors got the management shakeup they had been waiting for, as Robert Druskin, the head of its corporate and investment bank, was named chief operating officer, filling a role that has been vacant since Robert B. Willumstad left in July 2005. Market Place. [C1.] SHARES ADVANCE ON DEALS -- Wall Street extended its advance as investors digested new takeover developments and placed bets ahead of the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates. [C10.] ONLINE ADVERTISING SPOTLIGHT Stuart Elliott, a Times columnist, reports on advertising trends in a podcast every Tuesday. You can subscribe at nytimes.com/podcasts. Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. TEXAS INSTRUMENTS, the maker of semiconductors for mobile phones, cut its forecast for fourth-quarter sales and profit because of lower revenue from handsets. (BLOOMBERG NEWS) JEFFREY K. SKILLING, the former Enron chief executive sentenced to 24 years in prison for his role in the fraud that destroyed the company, won a last-minute delay of his sentence, which was to begin today. (BLOOMBERG NEWS) TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, maker of the Grand Theft Auto video games, said that it improperly dated stock options for as long as nine years. Also, the board of Sunrise Senior Living, operator of homes for the elderly, appointed a committee to review its stock options practices and stock sales by directors and executives. (BLOOMBERG NEWS) THE FORMER CHIEF FINANCIAL officer of U.S. Foodservice, Michael J. Resnick, was sentenced to three years' probation after pleading guilty to manipulating entries in U.S. Foodservice's books to help the food distribution unit meet quarterly profit targets. The company is a unit of the Dutch retailer, Ahold. (REUTERS) PILOTS AT COMAIR, a subsidiary of Delta Air Lines, overwhelmingly gave their union leaders authorization to call a strike if they deem it necessary in the continuing dispute over contract concessions. (AP)
p1756
asS'201206'
p1757
(lp1758
sS'199410'
p1759
(lp1760
VThe General Electric Company, a day after announcing a deal to sell Kidder, Peabody & Company, its unprofitable and scandal-ridden brokerage unit, said yesterday that third-quarter earnings rose 13 percent on strong sales growth in most of its businesses. G.E.'s net income rose to $1.37 billion, or 80 cents a share, from $1.21 billion, or 71 cents a share, in the corresponding period a year earlier. The profit, a third-quarter record, matched Wall Street estimates. Sales rose almost 9 percent, to $16.15 billion.
p1761
aVThe chairman of the General Signal Corporation, Edmund M. Carpenter, said yesterday he had no plans to raise his company's bid of $1.35 billion in stock for the Reliance Electric Company, even though the Rockwell International Corporation last week surpassed that offer for the industrial equipment maker. Mr. Carpenter called Rockwell's $1.5 billion all-cash offer for Reliance a "hostile bust-up kind of raid" that could not win regulatory approval. Reliance, of Cleveland, said it was working with General Signal, whose bid values each Reliance share at about $26, as its lawyers and advisers study Rockwell's offer, which values each share at $30.
p1762
aVThe Rockwell International Corporation announced today a hostile $1.5 billion bid for the Reliance Electric Company, topping a $1.4 billion deal that the General Signal Corporation struck with Reliance in late August. Both Reliance and General Signal were taken aback by Rockwell's bid. "It came as a complete surprise," said Stephen Van Oss, a Reliance spokesman, who added that the matter was discussed at a regularly scheduled board meeting today. He said the company would have no formal response until Rockwell began the tender offer on Friday.
p1763
aVAiming to upset the Reliance Electric Company's planned merger with the General Signal Corporation, the Rockwell International Corporation began its hostile tender offer for Reliance yesterday. Rockwell, based in Seal Beach, Calif., is offering $30 a share for all class A common stock and convertible shares. The offer will expire Nov. 18 unless extended. General Signal, based in Stamford, Conn., has offered $25 a share in a stock deal. Traders said there were rumors that General Signal would raise its offer for Cleveland-based Reliance.
p1764
aVThe General Electric Company of Britain began a bidding contest today with British Aerospace P.L.C. for VSEL P.L.C., the nation's leading submarine maker. General Electric, unrelated to the American company of the same name and known here as G.E.C., offered $:531.7 million in cash, or about $869.4 million. That tops a deal valued at $:490 million, or about $798 million, that British Aerospace and VSEL agreed on this month. The British Aerospace offer is largely in stock.
p1765
aVA New York state judge rejected a request yesterday by seven former Kidder, Peabody employees to freeze $50 million of the brokerage firm's assets before Kidder is sold to Paine Webber Group Inc. The former employees had wanted the assets set aside to cover potential awards in arbitration disputes. These include claims of sex, race and age discrimination.
p1766
aVA hearing is scheduled Monday in a dispute between the General Electric Company and an employee who contends that some of its jet engines could have dangerous flaws. The hearing is on how many documents from the case will be made public. Ian Johnson, an engineer at GE Aircraft Engines, has said in a suit that the company suppressed test results showing that about 7,000 military and commercial jet engines have possibly dangerous electrical flaws.
p1767
aVThe General Electric Company took a big step yesterday toward quitting Wall Street. The G.E. officials who now run the firm's troubled Kidder, Peabody & Company brokerage subsidiary announced a sweeping plan that would transform Kidder from a main participant in the bond markets to a much smaller one.
p1768
aVTime Warner Inc. has abandoned its plan to acquire a minority stake in NBC from the General Electric Company, the chairman of Time Warner, Gerald M. Levin, told analysts on Thursday at a conference in New York. "We are not going to be making any major investments unless it is to broaden our cable footprint," Mr. Levin said. He described the company's efforts to acquire a 49 percent stake in NBC as "on the back burner."
p1769
aVSOMETIME in the next few days, the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain is expected to make a decision that could have profound ramifications for the British military contracting industry. Lord Weinstock, who has headed G.E.C. for 31 years and built its GEC Marconi division into the nation's second-largest military supplier, is likely to decide whether to start a hostile bid for VSEL P.L.C., a naval shipyard and Britain's leading submarine builder. If he goes ahead with a bid -- and the betting among analysts here is that he will -- Lord Weinstock will be taking on not only VSEL, but the country's biggest arms maker, British Aerospace P.L.C. Ultimately, some industry executives and analysts said, the wrangling over VSEL could lead G.E.C. to make a bid for British Aerospace itself.
p1770
asS'199411'
p1771
(lp1772
VConseco, the insurance company that outbid General Electric for the right to buy the Kemper Corporation in June, scaled back its $3.25 billion offer yesterday and asked Kemper to accept $2.96 billion -- about the same as the G.E. offer. Under the new proposal, Conseco would offer for each share of Kemper a $60 package of $56 cash and slightly more than one-tenth of a share of Conseco stock worth $4. Last summer, Conseco offered a $67 package consisting of $56 cash and $11 of Conseco stock. Conseco would issue 4.3 million shares of its stock under the new proposal, less than half the 9.5 million of the old proposal.
p1773
aVAfter a month of resistance, the Reliance Electric Company agreed today to be acquired by its hostile suitor, the Rockwell International Corporation, rather than pursue a friendly merger with the General Signal Corporation. Rockwell will pay $1.6 billion in cash, or $31 a share, to Reliance's shareholders in a deal that is sweeter than the $1.5 billion, or $30 a share, that the company offered in late October to break up a merger with General Signal. To terminate that deal, Reliance will pay General Signal a fee of $50 million, as well as $5.2 million to cover expenses.
p1774
aVThe board of the Reliance Electric Company refused yesterday to either recommend or reject a $1.5 billion tender offer from the Rockwell International Corporation, leaving the decision to shareholders. Reliance's board determined "that it is unable to take a position with respect to the offer and is making no recommendation," the company said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. On Oct. 20, Rockwell made a hostile offer to acquire Reliance Electric, which is based in Cleveland, for $30 a share in cash. Reliance had already agreed to merge with the General Signal Corporation for $27 a share in stock. Despite its refusal to take sides officially, Reliance said in the filing, "the board believes its continued support of the proposed Reliance-General Signal merger remains in the best interests of the company and its stockholders."
p1775
aVThe Reliance Electric Company said yesterday it would open talks with its unwanted suitor, the Rockwell International Corporation, after winning more time to consider the proposal. Reliance, a Cleveland maker of industrial and telecommunications equipment, has agreed to a $1.4 billion stock swap merger with the General Signal Corporation of Stamford, Conn. Reliance said that if it broke that deal, it would have to pay General Signal a $50 million termination fee and $5.15 million for expenses. Rockwell, a military supplier based in Seal Beach, Calif., had sought a decision by today on its unsolicited $1.5 billion cash tender offer of $30 a share for Reliance. The deadline was extended to noon on Monday, and representatives of the companies plan to meet before then.
p1776
aVThe Rockwell International Corporation said yesterday that it had arranged two revolving credit agreements to borrow up to $2.5 billion to help finance its bid for the Reliance Electric Company. Rockwell said the credit was for its $1.5 billion cash tender offer for Reliance and for general corporate needs. Rockwell, based in Seal Beach, Calif., has offered to buy Reliance for $30 a share, seeking to scuttle Reliance's plan to merge with the General Signal Corporation.
p1777
aVBritish Aerospace P.L.C. struck back today in one of the biggest takeover fights yet in Britain's military contracting industry, increasing its offer for the submarine maker VSEL P.L.C. in an effort to top a bid by the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain. British Aerospace's new offer gave VSEL's shareholders a choice of exchanging each of their shares for either $:14 cash ($22.12) or 3.3 British Aerospace shares, currently worth $:15.08 ($23.83).
p1778
aVConrail Inc. will build 45 General Motors diesel-electric locomotives at its Juniata Locomotive Shop in Altoona, Pa. Conrail said these would be the first such locomotives ever to be built at the Altoona shop.
p1779
aVKidder, Peabody & Company, in a memorandum to employees, has told them what compensation they should get if they lose their jobs when the securities firm is sold to Paine Webber Group Inc. Employees who are not hired by Paine Webber will get paid two weeks of severance for each year of employment at Kidder, with a minimum payment of four weeks and a maximum of 52 weeks, the 13-page memo said.
p1780
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its G.E. Aircraft Engines unit had been awarded a $200 million, 10-year engine maintenance contract by Continental Airlines for the overhaul and repair of the airline's new G.E. engines. PHYSICIAN CORP. OF AMERICA, Miami, a managed health care company, agreed to buy Health Plus Inc., a health maintenance organization in Puerto Rico, for about $20 million.
p1781
aVA former manager at the General Electric Company, convicted of conspiring to skim $11 million from United States military aid to Israel, has been sentenced to seven years in prison. Herbert B. Steindler was convicted of conspiring to divert the money between 1984 and 1990, using G.E. contracts with the United States to supply jet engines to Israel.
p1782
asS'199412'
p1783
(lp1784
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had named Denis J. Nayden president and chief operating officer of its GE Capital subsidiary. Mr. Nayden will report to Gary C. Wendt, who remains chairman and chief executive of GE Capital as well as chairman, president and chief executive of the company's parent, GE Capital Services. Mr. Wendt said Mr. Nayden would take over some administrative duties while he focused more on strategic opportunities.
p1785
aVShares of VSEL P.L.C. tumbled almost 13 percent here today after the British Government announced that its antitrust agency would investigate rival bids for the company. The move means there will be a cease-fire in the takeover battle between British Aerospace P.L.C. and the General Electric Company of Britain, or G.E.C., until the agency, the Monopolies and Mergers Commission, delivers its report on the bids in March.
p1786
aVWirekraft Industries Inc. said yesterday that it had acquired Electro Componentes de Mexico, the Mexican wire harness unit of General Electric's appliance division for an undisclosed price. The acquisition by Wirekraft, which is based in Rolling Prairie, Ind., will create a company with annual sales of about $300 million, making it the industry leader. It also gives Wirekraft an exclusive agreement to supply wire harnesses for all G.E. appliances. Wirekraft is owned by Hicks, Muse, Furst & Tate Inc., a leveraged buyout firm in Dallas. Harnesses are bundles of wires that connect appliances' motors with their controls.
p1787
aVIt was not a surprise party, but Wall Street celebrated anyway when the General Electric Company announced yesterday that it had increased its quarterly stock dividend by 14 percent and would buy back up to $5 billion worth of its own shares. General Electric's stock jumped $1.25 to close at $50.25, as 7.8 million shares traded, including an early block of 3 million shares.
p1788
aVTo prepare itself for more competition, Pacific Gas and Electric, the nation's largest investor-owned utility, said yesterday that it had agreed with consumer groups and state agencies to cut its rates by about $2.1 billion during the next five years. Rates would be reduced by 32 percent on power produced at its huge Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant. The announcement was unusual because the utility had a 1988 contract under which it could have collected increasing rates.
p1789
aVThe Rockwell International Corporation said yesterday that it had gained control of 89 percent of the voting stock in the Reliance Electric Company through its $1.6 billion tender offer, which expired on Tuesday. Reliance, which accepted the military contractor's cash bid last month, had previously agreed to a $1.4 billion merger with the General Signal Corporation. According to Rockwell, Reliance shareholders tendered class A and class B shares representing 63 percent of Reliance's common stock and 89 percent of its voting stock. Stock not already tendered to Rockwell will be converted into rights to receive $31 a share in cash -- the same amount as in the expired offer.
p1790
aVThree more Japanese electronics companies said today that they had linked with General Magic Inc. of Mountain View, Calif., a key player in multimedia software development. The Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Sanyo Electric Company and the Oki Electric Industry Company separately said they had joined an alliance headed by General Magic. They also said they would acquire stakes in the company, joining several other electronics manufacturers as part-owners of General Magic, which was originally spun off from Apple Computer Inc.
p1791
aVIn a stunning victory for the General Electric Company, a Federal judge threw out a criminal case yesterday in which the company was accused of conspiring to fix the world price of industrial diamonds. United States District Judge George C. Smith in Columbus, Ohio, took the highly unusual step of finding G.E. not guilty of the sole charge against it based only on evidence presented by the prosecution. He said there was not enough evidence to merit sending the case to the jury.
p1792
aVGeneral Motors and a battery technology company will start commercial-scale production of nickel metal-hydride batteries for electric cars next year, the companies announced yesterday. Nickel metal-hydrides store about twice as much electricity per pound as lead-acid batteries, and can deliver the energy quickly. A Geo Metro converted to electricity with nickel metal-hydrides won an electric car race in Phoenix early this year by traveling more than 200 miles at highway speeds without recharging.
p1793
aVDespite the dismissal of a price-fixing case against the General Electric Company, the Justice Department will not pull back from bringing complex antitrust cases, Assistant Attorney General Anne K. Bingaman said yesterday. "I believe the case shows our determination to prosecute the most complex and difficult international criminal cases in the most vigorous way possible," Mrs. Bingaman, the head of the Justice Department antitrust division, said in a telephone interview. "This case is over, but we will continue to do that."
p1794
asS'196208'
p1795
(lp1796
sS'196209'
p1797
(lp1798
sS'196204'
p1799
(lp1800
sS'196205'
p1801
(lp1802
sS'196206'
p1803
(lp1804
sS'196207'
p1805
(lp1806
sS'196201'
p1807
(lp1808
sS'196202'
p1809
(lp1810
sS'196203'
p1811
(lp1812
sS'199908'
p1813
(lp1814
VThe Watkins-Johnson Company, a maker of wireless communications equipment based in Palo Alto, Calif., said yesterday that it had a definite agreement to sell its telecommunications group to a unit of the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain for $57.9 million. The group, which designs and makes equipment for government intelligence and surveillance and military communications, will become part of G.E.C.'s Marconi North America. Because the telecommunications group has several classified Government contracts and Marconi has a foreign parent, the sale is subject to United States Government approval. The deal is a step in Watkins-Johnson's drive to sell itself.
p1815
aVThe Montgomery Ward Holding Corporation emerged from bankruptcy court protection yesterday after being acquired by GE Capital Inc., a unit of the General Electric Company, for more than $650 million. Montgomery Ward, the Chicago-based retailer, has closed more than 100 money-losing stores, shortened its name to Wards and begun renovating stores and upgrading its product lines. Under a reorganization plan approved by a Delaware bankruptcy court, GE Capital, which already owned 53 percent of Wards, is acquiring the remainder and is giving up more than $1 billion in claims against Wards. Unsecured creditors are getting about 28 cents on the dollar for their claims.
p1816
aVGE Medical Systems has agreed to buy OEC Medical Systems Inc., which makes imaging equipment used in surgery, in a stock swap worth $480 million. GE Medical, a leader in medical diagnostic equipment and services, is a unit of the General Electric Company. Shareholders of OEC would receive $36 a share in G.E. stock. The number of GE shares that each OEC holder would be eligible to receive would be determined by the average trading price of G.E. stock for a period before the deal's closing. OEC's stock rose 56.25 cents yesterday, to $34.1875. GE Medical, based in Milwaukee, specializes in medical diagnostic equipment like magnetic resonance, ultrasound, and conventional and digital X-ray gear. (Reuters)
p1817
aVThe Royal Dutch/Shell Group, Europe's biggest oil company, said it had joined the General Electric Company, the Bechtel Group Inc. and the Turkmenistan Government in a project to build a $2.5 billion natural gas pipeline to supply Turkey. The addition of Shell strengthens the project, which is competing with a rival plan from ENI S.p.A. of Italy and Gazprom of Russia.
p1818
aVTaiwan's largest airline, China Airlines, signed contracts to buy $800 million worth of engines from the General Electric Company and CFM International to power planes it ordered from the Boeing Company and Airbus Industrie. The airline said last week that it would buy as many as 24 Boeings and 12 Airbuses in the next four years. CFM is a venture of General Electric and Snecma of France.
p1819
aVDefying an industry trend, Air France said it would outfit 15 new Airbus Industrie A-318 single-aisle planes that it had on order from Airbus with engines by CFM International, a joint venture of the General Electric Company in the United States and Snecma S.A. of France. Airbus had said it would offer only Pratt & Whitney engines on the A-318, and its competitor, the Boeing Company, has said it would offer only G.E. turbines on its 777-200X and 777-300X. Air France argued successfully that it could cut costs by outfitting its new planes with the same engines used on its other single-aisle Airbus planes. John Tagliabue (NYT)
p1820
aVCARDINAL HEALTH INC., Dublin, Ohio, the No. 2 U.S. drug wholesaler, signed two contracts under which U S Oncology Inc. is expected to buy $2.5 billion of drugs, medical supplies and services over five years. EAGLE PACIFIC INDUSTRIES INC., Minneapolis, is acquiring the American polyvinyl chloride operations of Mitsubishi Chemical Corp. of Japan for $80 million.
p1821
aVIncreased orders and lower costs contributed to a 15 percent gain in first-half profits at Rolls-Royce P.L.C., one of the world's largest makers of airplane engines. But the British company said a price war with its competitors -- the General Electric Company and Pratt & Whitney, a unit of the United Technologies Corporation -- has pressured profit margins at its civil aircraft engine division. Rolls-Royce also said it had won a $1 billion order from Fastship for 25 Trent gas-turbine engines to power four container ships and for a 20-year service contract. Andrew Ross Sorkin (NYT)
p1822
aVFor years, Timothy A. Koogle built high-performance cars and raced them. ''I just love speed,'' he says. ''And I love well-built, highly engineered machines.''
p1823
aVAxel C. Pfeil's office here has only a simple four-sided conference table and a few wall hangings, betraying little hint of purpose or power. But Mr. Pfeil has a lot of both, and he is using them to shake things up. As chairman of DB Investor, an arm of Deutsche Bank A.G., the 45-year-old corporate strategist is transforming the bank's large but passive stockholdings into a tool for industrial revamping.
p1824
asS'199909'
p1825
(lp1826
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it planned to cut 1,400 jobs at a refrigerator plant in Bloomington, Ind., or 44 percent of the plant's employees, and move some of the work to Mexico. G.E., one of Bloomington's largest employers, will also spend as much as $100 million to modernize remaining production lines at the plant, which makes side-by-side refrigerators. G.E. wants to shift production of high-end refrigerators to a joint venture in Mexico and keep mid-level models in Bloomington.
p1827
aVThe General Electric Company today became the second United States company to exceed $400 billion in market value. G.E.'s market value has risen more than $300 billion since its chairman, John F. Welch Jr., took over in April 1981. That achievement is second only to the Microsoft Corporation, whose market value reached $500 billion on July 16. G.E. has returned about 4,500 percent including dividends, or an average of 23 percent a year, since Mr. Welch took over, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has returned 17 percent a year.
p1828
aVThe General Electric Company, the world's No. 1 maker of gas turbines for power generation, said today that its Italian unit had agreed to build a power plant for Algeria's state-owned oil company for $107 million. The GE Nuovo Pignone unit, based in Florence, makes compressors and gas and steam turbines for the oil and gas industry worldwide. The new plant for Sonatrach, Algeria's oil and gas research and distribution company, will serve the Ghadames oilfield in southeastern Algeria.
p1829
aVKvaerner S.A., Europe's largest shipbuilder, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell part of its natural gas power plant business to the General Electric Company. Kvaerner is selling businesses that build natural gas turbines and design and maintain natural gas power plants. They have annual sales of about $260 million and employ about 670 people in Norway, Scotland, and elsewhere, the company said. Kvaerner said the financial details of the transaction would not be determined until the sale is completed. G.E. confirmed that its Power Systems division was in talks with Kvaerner as part of G.E.'s plan to expand its power business.
p1830
aVSix years ago, GE Capital's Japanese presence consisted pretty much of Taketo Yamakawa, a one-man show in a small office, scrambling to come up with opportunities in a stifled economy. GE Capital, the biggest and most profitable unit of General Electric, one of America's biggest and most profitable corporations, had just bought a Japanese credit card company that it saw as its gateway to Asia -- and had put Mr. Yamakawa in charge. ''I was struggling, trying to identify businesses and companies that GE could do,'' Mr. Yamakawa recalled.
p1831
aVThe Boeing Company's decision to award the General Electric Company exclusive rights to develop a new engine to power longer-range versions of its 777 jetliner will not face opposition from European Union antitrust regulators. Boeing, the world's biggest plane maker, has drawn criticism from customers like British Airways and American Airlines, which say their maintenance and training costs will rise if they have to switch to G.E.'s engines for longer-range versions of the 777. Boeing maintains that expected sales of the new 777 models -- 500 -- are not enough to justify the cost of having several suppliers.
p1832
aVIn the wake of Viacom's multimillion-dollar betrothal to CBS, the media spotlight has swung around to NBC, the last network unwed to a movie studio and left to stand alone on the crowded, vertically integrated television dance floor. But as one executive close to NBC and familiar with its long-term strategy put it last week: ''Don't cry for NBC. NBC is not some wallflower that has been left at the altar. NBC is in a whole different church.''
p1833
aVThe General Motors Corporation announced today that it had developed a fuel cell that can be chilled to 4 degrees below zero and still start, a key step for using fuel cells in cars. Fuel cells combine hydrogen and oxygen to form electric current and water, with high efficiency and no pollution. But if the water freezes and expands, it could break seals or membranes or other crucial parts, engineers said. ''We've overcome that, and that's a big deal,'' said Andrew H. Card Jr., head of government relations for the company.
p1834
aVMotorola Inc., long a dominant player in the semiconductor and cellular telephone markets, may be carving out a new niche for itself in home entertainment. By negotiating to acquire the General Instrument Corporation, the leading maker of cable set-top boxes, Motorola is trying to be a leader in merging voice, data and video applications and funneling them directly into homes through one broad-band cable device, according to people close to the negotiations.
p1835
aVCAL-MAINE FOODS INC., Jackson, Miss., a big egg producer, will acquire a competitor, Smith Farms Inc., Flatonia, Tex. Terms were not disclosed.
p1836
asS'199902'
p1837
(lp1838
VThe General Electric Company, the second-largest United States company by market value, expects to meet first-quarter and 1999 earnings estimates, say analysts who met yesterday with the chairman and chief executive, John F. Welch Jr. Mr. Welch said General Electric's business was good in the United States and Europe, and Asia was ''bottoming out,'' analysts said. Mr. Welch also reiterated that businesses representing 70 percent of General Electric's earnings will raise profits more than 15 percent this year. General Electric, based in Fairfield, Conn., is expected to earn 65 cents a share this quarter and $3.19 for the year, the average estimates of analysts polled by the First Call Corporation. Its shares fell $2, to $101.
p1839
aVMontgomery Ward & Company announced steps toward a rescue plan yesterday that will include the sale of its Signature Group subsidiary to a major creditor, GE Capital Services Inc., a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, and said that it expected to emerge from bankruptcy protection in mid-1999. The company's statement said that GE Capital would recommend an extension of its current $1 billion loan through the end of the year and that Montgomery Ward would file a reorganization plan in the next few weeks. Proceeds from the sale of the Signature Group, a direct-marketing operation that was not part of the company's general bankruptcy filing, will be placed in a settlement fund to help cover the claims of other creditors. Montgomery Ward, based in Chicago, operates 252 retail stores.
p1840
aVThe Montgomery Ward Holding Corporation, the nation's seventh-largest department store chain, won a judge's approval to close an additional 39 Ward department stores and 17 Auto Express car-service shops as part of its bankruptcy reorganization effort, lawyers involved in the case said yesterday. United States Bankruptcy Judge Peter Walsh of Wilmington, Del., approved the closings, which will cost about 4,000 workers their jobs. Earlier this week, Montgomery Ward said it had reached an agreement with creditors to sell its profitable Signature Group direct-marketing arm to a unit of the General Electric Company for an undisclosed sum.
p1841
aVThe Manufacturers Life Insurance Company of Canada said it would pay 80 billion yen, or $703.8 million (United States), for the business of the Daihyaku Life Insurance Company of Japan, becoming the second foreign insurer to buy into the world's largest life insurance market. Daihyaku will transfer most of its sales and support staff of 6,800 to a joint venture with Manulife, Canada's largest mutual life insurer. Manulife will own 75 percent of the venture, and Daihyaku will own the rest. Deregulation and Japan's weakening economy are providing opportunities for foreign companies to enter the Japanese insurance market, which, with annual premiums of $500 billion, is about twice the size of its counterpart in the United States. GE Capital Services, a unit of the General Electric Company, is already active there.
p1842
aVIn a seemingly off-the-cuff remark that set off immediate media attention, Mel Karmazin, the president and chief executive of the CBS Corporation, said yesterday that he would like to buy NBC from the General Electric Company and would be willing to overpay ''to get a deal done.'' Mr. Karmazin, speaking at the American Association of Advertising Agencies conference in New Orleans, repeated an interest that he has articulated before. At a conference last year, he told Robert C. Wright, the NBC president, that if CBS could own another network, he would want NBC.
p1843
aVThe CBS Corporation said yesterday that it had shifted to an operating profit in the fourth quarter as its radio stations and the return to the television network of National Football League broadcasts led to increased advertising revenue. The company had a loss in net income. The company, owner of this season's highest-rated television network, is considering whether to make some of its Internet assets a separate, publicly traded concern.
p1844
aVThe General Dynamics Corporation, the nation's largest military shipbuilder, stunned the defense industry yesterday by making an unsolicited $1.4 billion offer for the rival Newport News Shipbuilding Inc., in the face of a changing Government policy that has discouraged such consolidations. News of the offer began to leak out late yesterday and was made official by the two companies later in the day. The General Dyanmics bid had already come to Newport News on Feb. 10 in a letter. General Dynamics is offering $38.50 for every Newport News share, a premium of 35.4 percent over its closing price yesterday. It would also assume $600 million in Newport News debt.
p1845
aVFrom his office in a suburban business park here, John V. Sponyoe, president of Lockheed Martin Global Telecommunications, can gaze over to a nearby building that houses his quest: the Comsat Corporation, the quasi-Government satellite company that the Lockheed Martin Corporation wants to buy for $2.7 billion. On a straight line, the Comsat building is just a few football fields away. Without leaving his desk, Mr. Sponyoe (pronounced SPAWN-yo) can get a clear view of the big COMSAT sign that stares back at him every time he looks up. But for Mr. Sponyoe and for Lockheed, Comsat is so near and yet so far away.
p1846
aVCompensation continues to swell for top corporate management even as wages for the work force rise only marginally, a wage gap that some people consider a problem for the economy and society. The most recent of Business Week's annual studies found that at the 365 biggest companies in the country, the ratio of the chief executive's pay to that of a factory worker grew to 326 to 1 in 1997. The ratio was 44 to 1 in 1965. High time then, according to an advocacy group in Boston called United for a Fair Economy, to bring the issue to the board room. This year, the group's Responsible Wealth project has recruited shareholders to file resolutions at eight companies to examine the wage gaps within their labor forces.
p1847
aVThe United Technologies Corporation, the maker of Pratt & Whitney aircraft engines, is in talks to buy the Sundstrand Corporation, an aerospace and industrial power systems company, for about $4 billion, people close to the negotiations said yesterday. Buying Sundstrand would help United Technologies compete against the General Electric Company and Rolls Royce P.L.C., the other two largest makers of aircraft engines. It will also enable Pratt & Whitney to offer more products and services. Sundstrand, which specializes in small-engine power, could give Pratt & Whitney an advantage in the fast-growing market for smaller planes, aerospace analysts said.
p1848
asS'197812'
p1849
(lp1850
sS'199901'
p1851
(lp1852
VThe General Electric Company, which makes everything from light bulbs to locomotives, said today that its fourth-quarter profit rose 14 percent as the company sold more industrial service contracts. Net income climbed to $2.67 billion, or 80 cents a diluted share, compared with $2.35 billion, or 70 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier. The results matched analysts' expectations. Revenue rose 7 percent, to $28.6 billion from $26.7 billion.
p1853
aVThe General Electric Company won a judge's final approval of a settlement valued at as much as $147 million today, ending lawsuits accusing the company of illegally collecting debts from bankrupt credit card customers. The settlement calls for G.E. to pay as much as $120 million to about 100,000 customers of its finance arm, the GE Capital Corporation, over the company's failure to properly file debt-repayment agreements in bankruptcy court.
p1854
aVThe General Electric Company, the top supplier of power-generation equipment and services, said today that it had bought the closely held Ultrasonic Field Services Corporation to expand the service business of its Power Systems division. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Ultrasonic, based in Los Angeles, helps inspect machinery and turbines at oil, steel, aircraft and utility companies using ultrasonic technology. The company's equipment allows a manufacturer to evaluate a piece of equipment without the delays and costs of dismantling it.
p1855
aVBritain's leading military contractors British Aerospace P.L.C. and the General Electric Company P.L.C. -- acknowledged today that they were in ''advanced discussions'' on a deal for General Electric's Marconi Electronic Systems that could be worth as much as $13 billion. The brief announcement, confirming newspaper reports here, pushed British Aerospace stock down by 25.5 pence, or 5 percent, to 493.5, reflecting analysts' fears that the company would pay too much for Marconi. Shares of General Electric, which is not related to General Electric of the United States, rose 8 pence, to 577.5, on a day when London share prices rose 3 percent.
p1856
aVPenncorp Financial Group Inc. said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its career sales division and the Professional Insurance Company unit, which is part of its Pacific Accident and Life Insurance Company, for a total of $222.5 million. The Universal American Financial Corporation agreed to acquire the career sales division for $175 million in cash and notes, Penncorp said. Universal, based in Rye Brook, N.Y., is an insurance holding company. Penncorp, based in New York, also said that GE Financial Assurance Holdings Inc. had agreed to purchase Professional Insurance, a provider of work-site insurance, for $47.5 million. GE Financial Assurance is a unit of GE Capital, which is a subsidiary of the General Electric Company of Fairfield, Conn.
p1857
aVBritish Aerospace P.L.C. announced a $9.5 billion stock deal for the Marconi Electronics Systems unit of the General Electric Company P.L.C. today, creating a British colossus that will be one of the world's biggest military contractors. Those plans may end months of speculation about the potential creation of a pan-European military company to challenge the American giants.
p1858
aVDaimlerChrysler Aerospace A.G. is talking to France's Lagardere S.C.A. about an alliance following a deadlock in the German company's plan to merge with British Aerospace P.L.C., people close to the talks said today. Manfred Bischoff, head of DaimlerChrysler Aerospace, Germany's biggest military and aerospace company, known as DASA, will travel to Paris this week to meet with Jean-Luc Lagardere, managing director of Lagardere and the most powerful executive in the French military industry, the people said. DASA and Lagardere declined to comment.
p1859
aVThe Chancellor Media Corporation, soon to be the No. 1 owner of radio stations in the United States, said today that it might sell or spin off all or part of its businesses to raise its share value to that of its biggest rivals. Company officials say they are frustrated by Chancellor's stock price, now about 16.7 times 1998 broadcast cash flow, or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and corporate overhead. That compares with 24.9 for the Infinity Broadcasting Corporation and 27.2 for Clear Channel Communications Inc.
p1860
aVRobert E. Kirby, a former chief executive of the Westinghouse Electric Corporation who masterminded a turnaround of the company in the 1970's, died last Thursday at Naples Community Hospital in Naples, Fla. He was 80. Mr. Kirby, who retired from the company in 1983, suffered several strokes, a Westinghouse spokesman said. Since 1993, Mr. Kirby had also suffered from Guillain-Barre syndrome, the nerve disorder.
p1861
aVIn one of the largest acquisitions by a foreign company so far in Japan, GE Capital Services said on Saturday that it was buying the leasing business of a company that collapsed with the Long-Term Credit Bank last fall. In a deal that will meld Western management with Japanese business practices, GE Capital, based in Stamford, Conn., will acquire the multibillion-dollar assets of the Japan Leasing Corporation, but essentially no bad debts.
p1862
asS'199906'
p1863
(lp1864
VLatin America's leading aerospace manufacturer, Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A., won orders for passenger jets potentially worth as much as $6.2 billion, fueling the Brazilian company's turnaround from a state-controlled behemoth. Embraer, as the company is known, won the orders mainly from European carriers like Crossair of Switzerland and Skyways of Sweden. In addition, Embraer said it would join with the General Electric Company and Honeywell Inc. of the United States to develop a family of 70-seat and 90-seat regional jets, which would be larger than its existing aircraft. The orders will result in a 15 percent increase in Embraer's work force, adding about 1,000 employees. The orders were announced at the Paris Air Show by Mauricio Botelho, above, chief executive of Embraer. Carlos Leoni R. Siqueira, chairman of the Embraer board, said the company would eventually have to sell more shares to help finance its expansion. On the news of the orders, Embraer's shares surged as much as 55 percent on the Sao Paulo stock exchange. Simon Romero
p1865
aVComputer researchers today reported a malicious computer program that is spreading rapidly through the Internet by E-mail and destroying documents created by widely used Microsoft software programs. Several large corporations, including Boeing, AT&T and General Electric, said their computers had been infected and moved to limit the damage, in some cases by shutting down their E-mail systems. Employees of Microsoft, Intel and the anti-virus software maker Symantec said they had also been hit.
p1866
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its NBC television network would invest an additional $25 million in the on-line direct marketing company Xoom.com Inc., potentially increasing NBC's stake in the NBC Internet venture to a majority. ALLAIRE CORP., Cambridge, Mass., a developer of software for the Web, agreed to buy the closely held Live Software Inc. of Cupertino, Calif., for $24.2 million in stock.
p1867
aVALLEGIANCE TELECOM INC., Dallas, a provider of telecommunications services, agreed to buy Penncorp Financial Group Inc.'s Internet services provider, Kivex Inc., of Bethesda, Md., for $34.5 million in cash. SNAP.COM, an Internet portal owned by General Electric Co.'s NBC unit, and CNET Inc. have agreed to acquire an equity stake in GlobalBrain.net, a New Zealand-based provider of Internet search technology, as part of a licensing deal. Financial terms were not disclosed.
p1868
aVEarly one morning about 10 years ago, Jack Welch, chief executive of the General Electric Company, waited for an elevator in the hallway outside his apartment in the Waldorf Towers in Manhattan. Mr. Welch was feeling at the top of his game, bursting with confidence. Then the elevator doors opened. Deflated, he stood face to face with Walter Shipley, then head of the Chemical Banking Corporation, who at 6 feet 8 inches loomed a foot above him.
p1869
aVTWO words sum up the management philosophy of the Enron Corporation, according to its president, Jeffrey K. Skilling: loose, and tight. ''We are loose on everything related to creativity,'' said Mr. Skilling, who came here in 1990 to help transform Enron from a regulated natural-gas pipeline company into the energy industry's most freewheeling cowboy.
p1870
aVOfficials at the Chronicle Publishing Company said today that they were ''exploring the sale of all or some of the company,'' which includes The San Francisco Chronicle, one of the last family-owned newspapers in the country. In addition to the 134-year-old newspaper, the company owns KRON-TV in San Francisco, an affiliate of the NBC television network, and other media holdings.
p1871
aVDennis D. Dammerman, the longtime General Electric finance chief who recently became chief executive of the relentlessly profitable GE Capital Services unit, has a no-nonsense, tough-guy reputation. But on Thursday in a talk at the Japan Society in Manhattan, he took pains to speak warmly about Japan, its economic reforms and its companies, in which GE Capital has invested about $14 billion lately.
p1872
aVNBC, the No. 2 television network, said yesterday that it had reached an eight-year agreement with the AT&T Corporation to carry its broadcast and cable programs, digital services and the Olympics. AT&T Broadband and Internet Services, the company's cable arm -- formerly known as Tele-Communications Inc. -- will carry NBC's CNBC and MSNBC cable channels. AT&T will also have the right to retransmit NBC programs and carry the digital signals of NBC's 13 owned and operated television stations through 2009. NBC, a unit of the General Electric Company, did not disclose financial terms.
p1873
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week is confined to today's regular weekly auction of three- and six-month bills. By the close of the New York cash market on Friday, traders said, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 4.65 percent and a six-month bill was 4.89 percent.
p1874
asS'199907'
p1875
(lp1876
VThe General Electric Company may shut a refrigerator plant in Louisville, Ky., and cut 1,500 jobs, while adding production of a new refrigerator line in Mexico as part of its joint venture with Grupo P.I. Mabe S.A. General Electric, the No. 1 supplier of large appliances for newly built homes in the United States, notified the Louisville workers of the possible closing on Thursday. A company spokesman, Terry Dunn, said General Electric also planned to notify workers in Bloomington, Ind., that it may shut a refrigerator plant there that employs 3,100 people. These moves are prompted by regulations scheduled to take effect in June 2001 that will require new refrigerators to use 30 percent less energy and therefore render the existing models produced in both plants obsolete, Mr. Dunn said. The Louisville notice triggers a 45-day bargaining period.
p1877
aVThe General Electric Company, benefiting from its continued push into high-margin service businesses as well as from improved efficiency, reported yesterday that its second-quarter earnings rose 15 percent, slightly beating analysts' expectations. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., posted earnings of $2.82 billion, or 85 cents a diluted share, which compared with $2.45 billion, or 74 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier. The company enjoyed strong top-line growth in each of its 11 businesses, lifting revenue 9.3 percent, to $27.4 billion from $25.1 billion.
p1878
aVNBC and GE Equity have doubled their stake in Valuevision International Inc. to nearly 40 percent by exercising warrants to buy about $175 million worth of stock in the company, a direct marketer. The two companies, divisions of the General Electric Company, already owned a 19.9 percent stake in Valuevision. The purchase was announced late on Wednesday. Valuevision announced earlier this week that it had increased its television reach by 50 percent. Founded in 1991, Valuevision for years floundered as the nation's third-largest home shopping network, behind QVC and the Home Shopping Network. But in the last year, Valuevision has expanded from late-night television sales into other avenues of retailing, particularly electronic commerce.
p1879
aVThe General Electric Company's three-year-old Web page has just had a face lift to prepare for total reconstructive surgery in the fall. The immediate impact, starting tomorrow, will be fewer clicks to get from www.GE.com to, say, a list of stores that sell G.E. appliances. But wait a few months, the company promises, and you will be able just to type in ''I am a homeowner who needs a refrigerator,'' and the software will take it from there.
p1880
aVThe NEC Corporation will team with the General Electric Company in a joint venture to sell medical equipment in Japan. G.E. will hold a 75 percent stake in the new company and NEC 25 percent. The venture will market monitors, cardiovascular equipment and other medical products. NEC will transfer the marketing operations of its medical equipment unit to the venture. It will aim for sales of about 15 billion yen ($122 million) in its first year.
p1881
aVThe Boeing Company said yesterday that it had chosen the General Electric Company to build the world's most powerful jet engine for a new ultra-long-range version of its wide-body 777 jetliner. The exclusive deal, which had been hotly contested, is a blow to Pratt & Whitney, a unit of the United Technologies Corporation, and Rolls-Royce P.L.C., both of which supply engines for the 777 along with G.E.
p1882
aVThe Enron Corporation, the energy marketing company, reported today that it had a 53 percent increase in second-quarter net income and said its directors had declared a 2-for-1 stock split. Enron said the gain in net income, to $222 million from $145 million in the second quarter of 1998, came on a 47 percent increase in revenue, to $9.67 billion from $6.56 billion a year earlier.
p1883
aVAt a meeting of the AT&T Corporation's board on Wednesday, the two sides of the company's executive incubator were hard at work. The nation's biggest communications company takes executive development seriously, and this was the directors' chance to learn about some of the company's possible future leaders. A series of senior executives made presentations about up-and-comers in their departments, assessing the young managers' chances to one day join the company's highest ranks.
p1884
aVThe General Electric Company, the world's largest maker of diagnostic-imaging equipment, said today that the Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corporation had agreed to a five-year, $1.5 billion contract to use G.E. imaging machines, including X-ray and ultrasound equipment. The agreement, effective early next year, replaces a four-year-old contract between G.E. and Columbia/HCA, the largest United States hospital operator.
p1885
aVWhen China.com, the Hong Kong-based Internet company, went public two weeks ago and saw its market capitalization zoom to nearly $1 billion, eyes lit up at Mail.com in New York. Mail.com's main business is providing E-mail services, but it also happens to own the rights to a roster of easy-to-remember geographically based Internet domain names, like Asia.com, USA.com, Europe.com and India.com. So the company hired Salomon Smith Barney, the New York investment bank, to help it find partners to develop them into information-based Web sites.
p1886
asS'199904'
p1887
(lp1888
VThe General Electric Company said today that its first-quarter earnings rose 14 percent as it took more profit from sales hurt by low prices for some of its products. Net income for G.E., the second-biggest United States company by market value, behind the Microsoft Corporation, rose to $2.16 billion, or 65 cents a diluted share, compared with $1.89 billion, or 57 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier. The results matched the average estimate of analysts polled by the First Call Corporation, which tracks company earnings.
p1889
aVThe General Electric Capital Corporation and the Portuguese Investment Bank signed a $43 million agreement yesterday to buy a 45 percent stake of a Romanian state-owned bank. General Electric Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company, will take a 35 percent stake and the Portuguese Investment Bank will take 10 percent of Bancpost, a small state bank that unlike some other Romanian banks, has not been plagued by bad loans. The two companies will also invest $50 million over five years in improving the bank's technology, developing new products and training workers. After the deal, Romania's privatization agency, the State Ownership Fund, will be left with a 25 percent stake in the bank, with the remaining 30 percent owned by several Romanian investment funds.
p1890
aVThe General Motors Corporation and the Toyota Motor Corporation said today that they had reached a five-year agreement to jointly develop cars and trucks that can run off fuel cells and other environmentally friendly alternative-fuel technology. G.M., the world's largest auto maker, and Toyota, the third largest, have previously worked together, including a California venture to produce small cars and to market G.M.'s Cavalier cars through Toyota's sales network in Japan. They had been in talks on the advanced technology venture since last year.
p1891
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain, accelerating the European rush into the data networking business, said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire Fore Systems Inc. for $4.5 billion in cash. Fore, which is based in Warrendale, Pa., is a leading developer of an advanced technology that many big communications carriers and multinational corporations are beginning to use to carry voice, data and sometimes video traffic on a single network.
p1892
aVThe General Electric Company's finance arm will acquire all of the Montgomery Ward Holding Company, the seventh-largest United States department store company, as part of the retailer's bankruptcy reorganization plan, court papers show. The finance division, GE Capital Inc., is paying $650 million to take over the 43 percent of Montgomery Ward it does not already own and Ward's Signature Group direct marketing arm. The acquisition will take place under the retail chain's Chapter 11 reorganization plan filed today in United States Bankruptcy Court here.
p1893
aVBritish Aerospace P.L.C., the British military giant, acknowledged today that it was exploring a deal with French and Italian companies to create a European missile industry to challenge Raytheon of the United States, the global leader in missile manufacturing. The news emerged one day after British Aerospace signed a formal agreement Tuesday to acquire the British General Electric Company's Marconi Electronics defense and missile business. The $12.7 billion takeover was first announced last January and will now be examined by regulators. It brings together British Aerospace's military hardware, such as the Tornado warplanes in action over Yugoslavia, with Marconi's military and civilian electronics and missile guidance systems. Britain's General Electric is not linked to the United States company of the same name.
p1894
aVCitigroup, displaying the kind of raw earnings power promised by the merger that created the financial services giant last year, said first-quarter profits jumped 9 percent, surpassing analysts' estimates and earnings posted by such well-known titans as the General Electric Company and the General Motors Corporation. Citigroup, buoyed by strong results in both its consumer business and the corporate business that caused it so many headaches last year, earned $2.36 billion, or $1.01 a diluted share, compared with $2.16 billion, or 90 cents a share, in the first quarter of last year. (Last year's figures were adjusted as if the merger, which closed last fall, had already occurred.)
p1895
aVFirst-quarter earnings reports are pouring in, and they are pleasing. Citigroup beat Wall Street estimates by 16 percent. I.B.M. had a robust quarter. Boeing pleasantly surprised. International Paper's earnings fell less than expected while its executives pointed to rising paper prices and returning demand in Asia. Even Exxon, which experienced a sharp drop in earnings because of plummeting oil prices in January and February, beat analyst estimates by a penny. Similarly, Coca-Cola's revenues and profits did not fall as much as had been feared, giving its stock a lift yesterday.
p1896
aVThree agencies have been awarded new assignments for which billings have not been determined. MSNBC in Secaucus, N.J., the cable television and on-line news operation that is a joint venture of the NBC unit of the General Electric Company and the MSN network unit of the Microsoft Corporation, awarded a branding assignment to Mullen Advertising in Wenham, Mass. The assignment came following a review in which the other participants were BBDO in New York, part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of Omnicom, and Quantum Leap Communications in Chicago, part of Leap Group.
p1897
aVWeill's Daughter to Lead Start-Up Finance Company Jessica M. Bibliowicz, who stunned Wall Street two years ago when she quit the company of her father, the financier Sanford I. Weill, who now heads Citigroup, has announced plans to once more follow in her father's footsteps -- but at her own firm.
p1898
asS'198412'
p1899
(lp1900
VThe Norfolk Southern Corporation said it would buy 100 high-efficiency locomotives next year for $129 million. Norfolk Southern said it would purchase 50 locomotives from the General Electric Company and 50 from the General Motors Corporation's Electro-Motive division for its operating subsidiaries, the Norfolk & Western Railway and the Southern Railway.
p1901
aVThe Lockheed Corporation received Air Force contracts totaling $230.4 million for C-5B aircraft equipment and for training equipment, the Defense Department said. In addition, the General Electric Company got a $216.5 million order from the Navy for 1,549 gas turbine engines and the General Dynamics Corporation received contracts totaling $204.3 million for Navy missiles, Army tank production materials and Air Force aircraft equipment, the department said.
p1902
aVThe General Electric Information Services Company and Apple Computer Inc. have reached an agreement under which the General Electric unit would resell Apple's products.
p1903
aVThe General Electric Company received military contracts totaling $976.2 million, the Defense Department said.
p1904
aVLATE in October, the Western Union Corporation rented a Manhattan hotel ballroom and filled it with potential customers, reporters, and beaming public relations men. The spread was impressive - oversized croissants, miniature Danish pastries, Brazilian coffee, and ther choice fare. And the accompanying sound-and-light show, dramatizing Western Union's undertakings in communications in general, and in electronic mail in particular, was dazzling. On the surface, it seemed a bash fiven by a company celebrating success. In fact, Western Union has had little to celebrate these days. It has been losing money at a dangerous rate. And analysts now agree that the October party was a desperate attempt to stir up user interest in Easylink, the two-year-old electronic mail service to which Western Union has pegged its future. They say that unless Easylink pans out soon, the company's $15.5 million third-quarter loss could widen dramatically. 'It's do or die,' said Steven G. Chrust, director of researcxh at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, a Wall Street firm. 'For Western Union, succeeding with Easy link is an absolute must.
p1905
aVThe Navy awarded contracts of $250 million to the Raytheon Company and $207.4 million to the General Dynamics Corporation, both for Sparrow missile guidance and control equipment, the Defense Department said. The Lockheed Corporation won a $101 million contract from the Air Force for C-130 aircraft modernization kits, the department said. The Air Force also awarded $66 million to the General Electric Company for backscatter radar systems and $43.3 million to United Technologies for work on F100 engines.
p1906
aVCFM International, a joint venture of the General Electric Company and Snecma of France, received a $318.7 million Air Force contract for 149 engines for the KC-135 tanker aircraft, the Defense Department said.
p1907
aVThe Lockheed-Georgia Company, a unit of the Lockheed Corporation, received a $1.3 billion Air Force contract to build eight C-5B aircraft, the Defense Department said.
p1908
aVThe Montana Public Service Commission today granted the Montana Power Company a $21.4 million interim electric rate increase. The increase included about $8.5 million for a portion of the company's investment in the controversial Colstrip 3 power plant.
p1909
aV* American Can Co., Greenwich, Conn., said it had completed the previously announced sale of the stock of its ACC Chemical subsidiary for $76 million to a subsidiary of Texaco Inc. * American Educators Financial Corp., Birmingham, Ala., a life insurance holding company, said in a S.E.C. filing that it holds the equivalent of 44,000 common shares, or 9.5 percent of the total outstanding, of American Underwriters Group Inc. * Consumers Glass Co., Toronto, said it had agreed in principle to acquire Bradley-Fenn Enterprises Inc. Terms were not disclosed. * Consolidated Oil and Gas Inc. , Denver, said in a S.E.C. filing that it holds 5.3 percent of the common shares of Premier Resources Ltd. for investment purposes. * Denny's Inc., La Mirada, Calif., a restaurant and doughnut shop franchiser, said it had signed definitive loan agreements relating to the financing of its acquisition by a private investor group.
p1910
asS'199704'
p1911
(lp1912
VThe General Electric Company said today that earnings rose 10.5 percent in the first quarter, lifted by double-digit profit growth at six divisions, including aircraft engines, power systems and GE Capital Services. Analysts said the company's push to increase servicing of the jet engines, power-generating turbines and other equipment it sells was paying off.
p1913
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had bought the Lockheed Martin Corporation's medical imaging business for an undisclosed price to expand its ability to store and transmit X-ray and other images electronically. The business, Medical Imaging Systems, makes equipment that stores and sends pictures from X-rays, magnetic resonance and computed tomography. G.E.'s medical systems business has annual revenue of about $4 billion and more than 15,000 employees. Shares of G.E. rose $2.875 yesterday, to $102.875; Lockheed Martin rose 87.5 cents, to $83.125.
p1914
aVStaff members of the Oregon Public Utility Commission rejected the proposed $3.2 billion merger between the Enron Corporation, a Houston-based natural gas company, and the Portland General Electric Corporation, yesterday, saying the companies had failed to show how the merger would benefit customers. The commission's staff had asked Enron to guarantee $141 million in rate cuts over four years for Oregon customers. Enron's latest offer of $61 million in savings fell far short of that.
p1915
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., agreed to buy the Tridom satellite communications unit from AT&T for an undisclosed sum. NUCO2 INC., Stuart, Fla., agreed to buy the retail carbon-dioxide fountain beverage business from the BOC Group P.L.C., Surrey, England. Terms were not disclosed.
p1916
aVFrance said today that it had rejected the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain as a prime bidder for the state's 58 percent stake in Thomson-CSF, saying that allowing the British company to control the maker of military electronics would be contrary to ''essential interests of national security.'' The move leaves only the bid by the Lagardere Groupe and a joint bid by Alcatel Alsthom S.A. and the Dassault Aviation Group.
p1917
aVThe Dow Chemical Company sued the General Electric Company today, accusing it of ''systematically and aggressively'' hiring Dow employees privy to trade secrets, the latest in a series of moves by American companies to prevent important officials from going to work for competitors. In the lawsuit filed in state court in Pontiac, a Detroit suburb, Dow accused General Electric of hiring 14 engineers and sales executives from Dow's plastics division over the last two years and putting them to work at similar tasks. Chief Judge Edward Sosnick of the Michigan Circuit Court for Oakland County immediately granted a temporary restraining order barring General Electric from using any trade secrets that it might have obtained from the former Dow employees.
p1918
aVScarcely a week after it filed a lawsuit accusing the General Electric Company of ''systematically and aggressively'' hiring employees privy to trade secrets, the Dow Chemical Company said yesterday that the two companies had reached an ''amicable resolution'' of the matter. Details of the settlement were not disclosed, but both Dow and General Electric said no financial consideration was involved.
p1919
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain has bid for the French Government's 58 percent stake in Thomson S.A.'s defense and electronics unit, Thomson-CSF, a French newspaper reported yesterday.
p1920
aVHERE is an oversized desk calendar, used by many of his fellow employees, detailing transactions that are now described as fraudulent. And there is a taped telephone call in which a boss proposed to ''window dress'' the company's balance sheet. And there is an auditors' report that raised no alarm. In a case that has produced a mountain of evidence, these are only fragments. Still, they are enough to give hope to Joseph Jett, a pariah on Wall Street.
p1921
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its shareholders approved a 2-for-1 stock split at the company's annual meeting.
p1922
asS'199705'
p1923
(lp1924
VIt has been five months since General Motors introduced the country's first mass-produced electric vehicle in Southern California and Arizona, and demand is just about what the company said it would be: lackluster at best. The world's biggest auto maker has found just 176 takers for its New Age $34,000 two-seater, known as the EV1. Hoping to stir up consumer interest, it cut monthly lease payments by $100, or 25 percent, last Friday for the zippy little coupe, to a range of $399 to $549. But for that, a car shopper could get a sporty Honda Prelude.
p1925
aVIn an effort to bolster flagging lease rates of the EV1, a limited-range electric car introduced in Southern California and Arizona last December, the General Motors Corporation yesterday lowered the effective cost 25 percent and agreed to partly finance quick construction of 50 public charging stations. ''We face a chicken-or-egg dilemma,'' J. Joseph Kennedy, a sales vice president for Saturn, the G.M. unit that is marketing the EV1, told owners in a letter they received Thursday. ''To expand our infrastructure quickly, we have to get more cars on the road, faster, but to do that, we have to have more infrastructure in place.''
p1926
aVA tentative agreement was reached early today in the strike by 8,500 workers against a General Motors Corporation subsidiary that makes electric wiring for 20 auto makers worldwide, a union leader said. The walkout began early Tuesday after the International Union of Electronic Workers and Delphi Packard Electric Systems failed to reach a contract agreement. Talks broke off over job security and the union's contention that the company had shifted thousands of jobs to Mexico, said Mike Kowach, Local 717 vice president.
p1927
aVMany American retailers suffer from one or two of the problems that plague the Montgomery Ward Holding Corporation. Few suffer them all. Montgomery Ward stores are largely in the country's more moth-eaten malls and are full of consumer electronics, which have performed poorly for more than a year. The low-priced apparel and housewares offered by the chain face stiff and abundant competition. Its newspaper advertisements are confusing, and its balance sheet is teetering under a heavy load of debt. Its chief executive, Roger Goddu, has said he is not sure who the Montgomery Ward customer is.
p1928
aVThis is a tale of how the dominant can fade, and how technology, unlike most other industries, can see huge companies shrink and smaller ones become behemoths. On a summer day nearly a decade ago, the shares of the International Business Machines Corporation, then the dominant maker of computers and by far the largest company in the country, hit a record high of $175.875. It was the only company in the land with a market value of more than $100 billion.
p1929
aVBritish Airways P.L.C. said yesterday that it would not spin off its aircraft maintenance division until at least 2000, shelving a plan it had hoped would cut costs. Several outside investors -- the General Electric Company reportedly among them -- had expressed interest in a stake in the business, which has annual sales of more than $650 million.
p1930
aVRobert H. Krieble, a co-founder and former chief executive of the Loctite Corporation and a former vice chairman of the Heritage Foundation, the conservative policy research institute, died on May 8 at his home in Old Lyme, Conn. He was 80. Mr. Krieble, a chemist, founded Loctite with his father, Vernon K. Krieble, also a chemist, in 1953. The company was originally called American Sealants, but was renamed in 1956 for loctite, a sealant developed by Robert Krieble that bonds metal to metal.
p1931
aVA panel of the National Association of Securities Dealers has ordered Kidder, Peabody & Company to release an additional $1 million to Joseph Jett from his account to cover Mr. Jett's legal fees and expenses, according to the N.A.S.D. order. ''It's another step in the process,'' said Michael Robinson, a N.A.S.D. spokesman. ''The case is not over.'' In December, the same panel ordered Kidder to release an initial $1 million.
p1932
aVHourly employees at an important parts-making complex of the General Motors Corporation in Warren, Ohio, returned to the job today after the auto maker and a union reached a tentative settlement ending a day-old strike. The agreement, which the union said met its demands for job guarantees, occurred about 12:30 A.M. today, after a 12-hour negotiating session. The strike by 8,200 members of the International Union of Electrical Workers at G.M.'s Delphi Packard Electric Systems unit began just after midnight Tuesday.
p1933
aVShort-sellers are betting that the General Electric Company, the first American corporation ever to be valued at $200 billion, is overvalued. The New York Stock Exchange said yesterday that 16.3 million shares of G.E. had been borrowed and sold short by May 12. That was up from 11.8 million a month earlier, after adjusting for a 2-for-1 split.
p1934
asS'199706'
p1935
(lp1936
VThe General Electric Company and its labor unions reached tentative agreement Sunday night on new three-year contracts, a few hours before the old ones expired. The pacts cover 23,000 workers represented by the International Union of Electronic Workers, 4,800 from the United Electrical Workers and thousands more from smaller local unions who negotiated through the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s Coordinated Bargaining Committee.
p1937
aVThe GE Capital Corporation, the financial arm of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it would buy the Leucadia National Corporation's Colonial Penn automobile insurance unit for $950 million. Colonial Penn, which has $515 million in annual premiums, insures low-risk drivers who are, on average, 50 years old. It uses direct marketing to sell to them. For Leucadia, an investment company with businesses ranging from manufacturing to banking, the agreement is another step in its effort to divest itself of its insurance holdings. The company said in April that it would sell the Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company and the Providential Life Insurance Company to Conseco Inc. for $460 million. The $1.41 billion Leucadia that will reap on the combined sales is more than 10 times the $130 million it paid the Florida Power and Light Company for the insurance businesses in 1991.
p1938
aVThe GE Capital Corporation agreed yesterday to buy TLS P.L.C. in a cash offer valuing the car rental company at about $:68.2 million. GE Capital, part of the General Electric Company, said it would offer 135 pence in cash per TLS share. The bid represented a premium of 39 percent over TLS's share price on June 3, the day before the company announced it had been approached with an offer. GE Capital said TLS would complement Smith Self Drive, the vehicle rental unit it bought last year.
p1939
aVThe BankAmerica Corporation, continuing a revamping that began last month, said yesterday that it was selling its consumer finance unit, Security Pacific Financial Services, to the Travelers Group for $1.6 billion. The sale was announced the same day that BankAmerica confirmed that it was paying $540 million to buy Robertson, Stephens & Company, a San Francisco investment bank.
p1940
aVWhen corporate America needs help coping with the uncertainties of change, it often turns to Andersen Worldwide. The savvy of the information technology specialists of Andersen Consulting and the prowess of the accounting experts at Arthur Andersen have made the Andersen name ubiquitous. But after the embarrassing news this week that the partners in Andersen Worldwide had failed for a second time to elect a new chief executive, the firm faced an inescapable conclusion: It is pulling against itself in a tug-of-war without a winner, hampered by a fraying governance structure.
p1941
aVElectrolux A.B., the Swedish maker of Frigidaire appliances, said yesterday that it would lay off about 10 percent of its work force, or about 12,000 workers, and would close 24 factories and 50 warehouses in two years. The cuts will mostly be in Europe, where Electrolux is the largest appliance maker, and in North America, but not in the United States. Electrolux will spend $321 million on the cost-cutting, which comes as global manufacturers are increasingly consolidating operations in Europe. Such companies face tough marketing conditions in the region as well as pressures to become more efficient as Europe moves toward greater economic unity.
p1942
aVTHE Justice Department has given a consortium of eight companies and Columbia University a green light to combine 27 patents into a single portfolio and license the inventions under the direction of one administrator. A spokesman for the Justice Department said the decision on Thursday appeared to be the first time its antitrust division had approved such a patent clearinghouse. ''It's the first statement we have made on patent pooling,'' the spokesman, Bill Brooks, explained. ''This is definitely a first in recent history, and likely a first on patent pooling.''
p1943
aVThe Philips Lighting Company is casting it as environmental enlightenment. But it smacks a lot of enviro-politics. The issue involves burned-out fluorescent light bulbs, which since 1990 have been designated as hazardous waste because they contain mercury that can contaminate ground water. Now, though, the Environmental Protection Agency is considering whether to take fluorescent bulbs off its most-hazardous list so they can be sent to regular landfills.
p1944
aVThe Jittery Stock Market Rises, but Not for the Week The Dow Jones industrial average started strong, but ended the day up only 33.47 points. That volatile pattern occurred much of the week as investors feared that the 20.3 percent climb in the Dow since mid-April might be coming to an end.
p1945
aVThe line between editorial and advertising content in the news media, which seems to become blurrier every 60 minutes, is being fuzzed further by the coming appearance of a correspondent for the Cable News Network in an advertisement for Visa credit cards. The CNN correspondent, Jonathan Karl, will be featured in a Visa print ad that is part of a series known as the ''Generation X wallets campaign.'' In addition to displaying his Visa card, the ad names three retail shops at which Mr. Karl charged purchases.
p1946
asS'199707'
p1947
(lp1948
VDespite financial trouble at one of its big investment holdings and a lost patent infringement case, the General Electric Company announced earnings yesterday that exceeded analysts' expectations for the second quarter. G.E.'s net income was up 13.1 percent, to $2.16 billion, or 66 cents a share, from $1.91 billion, or 58 cents a share, a year earlier. That beat the average estimate of 65 cents a share from analysts surveyed by I.B.E.S. International. G.E.'s shares rose $1.0625, to $69.50, yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
p1949
aVIntelligent Electronics Inc. said yesterday that it had sold most of its direct computer sales business to the General Electric Company for $136 million. Intelligent Electronics said the deal also included some related contracts and assets sold by XLConnect Solutions Inc., an 80 percent owned subsidiary of Intelligent Electronics. Intelligent Electronics, based in Exton, Pa., a reseller of computer equipment, will keep its direct computer sales operations in Cincinnati, Cleveland, Pittsburgh and Indianapolis. General Electric, based in Fairfield, Conn., had 1996 revenues of $79.2 billion. Intelligent Electronics had revenues of $3.4 billion for the year ended on Feb. 1.
p1950
aVLast month, Textron Inc. said it was selling Speidel, the old-line watch maker. There was nothing wrong with Speidel -- indeed, its earnings had been growing at a steady 5 percent annual clip. It was simply the only consumer-product company left in the Textron stable. ''We want to focus on our core manufacturing and finance businesses,'' James F. Hardymon, Textron's chairman, said. If Royal Little had been alive to hear that, he would have been horrified. After all, Little, the Textron founder who died in 1989, was the granddaddy of the conglomerate movement, that ill-starred push to turn companies into grab bags of unrelated businesses. But while Little's wildly diversified Textron -- a hodgepodge of consumer, military contracting, insurance, textiles and myriad other businesses -- was the epitome of the old-line conglomerate, Mr. Hardymon's pared-down company is the very model of the type that works today.
p1951
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation reported an unexpected profit for the second quarter today, with higher advertising and cash flow at its radio stations overcoming a loss from its struggling CBS television network. Profit before gains or charges decreased to $1 million, or zero cents a share, from $25 million, or 6 cents a share, a year ago. In the period a year earlier, a charge of $114 million, or 26 cents a share, for environmental costs resulted in a net loss of $89 million, or 20 cents a share.
p1952
aVIs Raymond V. Damadian's story just another David-and-Goliath tale? Not really. For the analogy to work, David's arsenal would have had to include far more than a single well-aimed stone. For more than a decade, Dr. Damadian's tiny Fonar Corporation, which makes magnetic resonance imaging machines, has slung patent infringement lawsuits against Hitachi, Johnson & Johnson, Philips Electronics, Siemens and the mega-Goliath of them all, General Electric. Why? Because Dr. Damadian's name is on the patent that forms the scientific basis for modern M.R.I. machines, but far more of the machines carry those familiar corporate brands.
p1953
aVThe General Electric Company of Britain disclosed its strategy yesterday, saying it would focus on military contracting and signaling a possible spinoff of its rail and power joint venture. George Simpson, the company's new managing director, announced a shift away from the old culture of joint ventures. He said G.E.C.-Marconi, the military electronics division, would become the new ''heart of the group.''
p1954
aVThe General Electric Company and its labor unions reached tentative agreement Sunday night on new three-year contracts, a few hours before the old ones expired. The pacts cover 23,000 workers represented by the International Union of Electronic Workers, 4,800 from the United Electrical Workers and thousands more from smaller local unions who negotiated through the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s Coordinated Bargaining Committee.
p1955
aVOwens Corning has agreed to acquire Amerimark Building Products Inc. for $310 million. Owens Corning, based in Toledo, Ohio, makes Fiberglas and building materials. It had 1996 sales of $3.8 billion. Amerimark, based in Raleigh, N.C., is 90 percent owned by GE Capital, the finance arm of the General Electric Company. It makes aluminum and vinyl building materials for residential construction. Its 1997 sales are expected to reach $450 million. Owens Corning's acquisitions in the last three years accounted for $450 million of its 1996 sales. Its stock slipped 37.50 cents, to $41.125.
p1956
aVHAYES WHEELS INTERNATIONAL INC., Romulus, Mich., a maker of steel and aluminum wheels, agreed to buy two truck-parts businesses from Robert Bosch Corp., a unit of Robert Bosch G.m.b.H. of Stuttgart, Germany. Financial terms were not disclosed. LIBERTY TECHNOLOGIES INC., Conshohocken, Pa., will sell its business that tests industrial plants and equipment to General Electric Co. for $13.6 million in cash and an unspecified amount of assumed liabilities.
p1957
aVThe GE Capital Corporation, the financial arm of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it would buy the Leucadia National Corporation's Colonial Penn automobile insurance unit for $950 million. Colonial Penn, which has $515 million in annual premiums, insures low-risk drivers who are, on average, 50 years old. It uses direct marketing to sell to them. For Leucadia, an investment company with businesses ranging from manufacturing to banking, the agreement is another step in its effort to divest itself of its insurance holdings. The company said in April that it would sell the Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company and the Providential Life Insurance Company to Conseco Inc. for $460 million. The $1.41 billion Leucadia that will reap on the combined sales is more than 10 times the $130 million it paid the Florida Power and Light Company for the insurance businesses in 1991.
p1958
asS'197810'
p1959
(lp1960
sS'199702'
p1961
(lp1962
VWhen the American dollar was soaring a dozen years ago, many American manufacturers warned that their businesses would be severely injured by an influx of cheap Japanese tractors, cars and other imports. The dollar has been soaring again this winter, but this time, the number of American companies expressing alarm has been surprisingly small. In recent days, officials at the Boeing Company, the General Electric Company and the Intel Corporation have dismissed worries about the dollar. Even Caterpillar, which led the complaints in the mid-1980's, has said almost nothing lately about the dollar's surge, although its chairman, Donald V. Fites, indicated some concern last summer.
p1963
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., one of the most successful and highly compensated chief executives in corporate America, is about to be asked to defend how much he is paid to run the General Electric Company. A shareholder resolution seeking to eliminate a form of deferred compensation for Mr. Welch, G.E.'s chairman and chief executive, will be in the proxy statement that G.E. is expected to mail to shareholders in the next few days.
p1964
aVThe Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved the Enron Corporation's $3.2 billion purchase of the Portland General Corporation yesterday, using for the first time a procedure intended to speed up the glacial pace of adjudicating utility mergers. It is also the first approval of a merger between a natural gas company and an electrical utility, a step that -- coupled with the new procedure -- could intensify an interest in such mergers that began last year.
p1965
aVGREAT minds think alike. Perhaps that explains why Intel, General Electric, Philip Morris, Cisco Systems and Microsoft pop up over and over again in mutual fund portfolios. Then again, perhaps it's simply a matter of ''like'' minds.
p1966
aVThe Raytheon Company said yesterday that it was considering the sale of its appliance operations, a move many investors expected in the wake of the company's pending purchases of $12.5 billion in military-contracting businesses. Raytheon's appliance unit makes Amana stoves and ovens and Speed Queen washers. It had $1.5 billion in revenue in 1996 and employs about 8,000 workers worldwide.
p1967
aVThe ABC television network said yesterday that it had begun a review on the majority of its account, which has been handled by the Grey Entertainment unit of Grey Advertising in New York since 1975. Billings were put at $30 million to $40 million.
p1968
aVSeeking to strengthen itself in the face of new competition, the P.G.&E. Corporation the nation's largest utility, announced yesterday that it would acquire most of the Valero Energy Corporation for $722.5 million in stock. P.G.&E. will acquire the Valero Natural Gas unit of Valero Energy, but Valero will spin off its other major subsidiary, the Valero Refining and Marketing Company, before the deal.
p1969
aVTime Warner Reports Profit And Seeks to Cut Debt Load Time Warner reported a 79 percent rise in profit, and said it was determined to improve cash flow in an effort to pay off its $18 billion in debt. The company posted net income of $59 million, or a loss of 3 cents a share after the payment of preferred dividends for the quarter ending Dec. 31, compared with a profit of $33 million, or 1 cent a share, a year earlier. Perhaps the news that heartened Wall Street most was the appointment of several prominent new board members. $(Page D6.$)
p1970
aVNew-media companies have had few friends lately. Much of the optimism of a year or so ago that information and entertainment sites on the World Wide Web could quickly lure big audiences and piles of money has evaporated. Particularly since October, when Wired Ventures Ltd., a champion of Internet culture in its magazine and on its on-line service, was forced to shelve its plans for an initial public offering, the business prospects for Internet companies have seemed bleak. This year, analysts predict, will bring a death knell for many Web sites.
p1971
aVIT'S time again to ask 20 questions about advertising, marketing and the media. *If the General Motors Corporation is so eager to change the image of Cadillacs as automobiles for the elderly, why is that brand's current television campaign centered on a song, ''Makin' Whoopee,'' that was written for Eddie Cantor in 1928?
p1972
asS'199703'
p1973
(lp1974
VThe staff of the Oregon Public Utility Commission will recommend that the planned purchase of the Portland General Corporation by the Enron Corporation be blocked, Portland General said today. The utility said that it had been told about the recommendation by a senior staff member. The staff's final report is due April 11, and members of the commission will then vote on whether to approve the transaction. Enron, a Houston-based energy company, said in July that it would buy Portland General, offering $2.13 billion in Enron stock and agreeing to assume $1.1 billion of the utility's debt. The staff found that Enron's offer of $61 million in cost savings and rate reductions did not offer sufficient benefits to meet the statutory burden needed to approve the transaction, Portland General said. The acquisition must also be approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
p1975
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., the chairman and chief executive of the General Electric Company, was paid $6.3 million in salary and bonus last year, an 18.4 percent increase over his 1995 cash compensation of $5.32 million, a company proxy statement disclosed yesterday. Mr. Welch's total compensation last year, including 320,000 stock options, was $30.01 million, a one-third increase from the $22.5 million he earned in 1995, according to calculations by Graef S. Crystal, an executive compensation expert and critic of outsized paychecks for chief executives of publicly traded companies.
p1976
aVThe General Electric Company. P.L.C. and partners that include Rolls-Royce P.L.C. won a contract yesterday worth almost $:2 billion ($3.2 billion) to build three British nuclear missile submarines, ending 15 months of talks over price. The Ministry of Defense said in December 1995 that it would award the contract to the Marconi military electronics unit of the British G.E., picking it over the VSEL shipyard as prime contractor. The ministry had held up formal signing of the contract until the price was agreed.
p1977
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., one of the most successful and highly compensated chief executives in corporate America, is about to be asked to defend how much he is paid to run the General Electric Company. A shareholder resolution seeking to eliminate a form of deferred compensation for Mr. Welch, G.E.'s chairman and chief executive, will be in the proxy statement that G.E. is expected to mail to shareholders in the next few days.
p1978
aVSeeking to widen its reach in the equipment servicing business, the General Electric Company said yesterday that it had agreed to buy Greenwich Air Services Inc. and UNC Inc. for $875 million in cash and stock, a move that analysts said would effectively double G.E.'s share of the $28 billion market for servicing jet engines. Under the terms of the transaction, General Electric would pay $530 million, or $31 a share, for Greenwich Air, which is based in Miami. General Electric also obtains the rights to complete Greenwich Air's acquisition, announced last month, of UNC for $345 million, or $15 a share.
p1979
aVThe Quaker Oats Company's $1.4 billion debacle with Snapple only proves that the well-trod merger road has been paved with unrealized synergies and executive hubris, experts in mergers and acquisitions say. The oatmeal king is in good company when it comes to hailing an acquisition as a quick and brilliant way to increase earnings, only to see it collapse amid red ink and clashing corporate cultures. It has happened to corporate giants and high-technology start-ups alike, including I.B.M., Xerox, General Motors, Sony, General Electric and Novell.
p1980
aVEA ENGINEERING, SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY INC., Hunt Valley, Md., an environmental consulting company, will lay off about 124 employees as part of a plan to reduce annual costs by more than $9 million. STEWART ENTERPRISES INC., Metairie, La., which owns funeral homes and cemeteries, acquired Sentinel Cremation Societies Inc. for an undisclosed price.
p1981
aVThe search for cheap, renewable sources of en ergy although slowed by the pressures of electricity generation -- advanced significantly today as the Enron Corporation announced the world's largest project to generate power from wind. Enron's wind-power subsidiary agreed to build 150 propellered wind turbines to supply the MidAmerican Energy Company, Iowa's largest electric utility, with a peak of 112.5 megawatts of electricity, enough for about 50,000 homes. Standing on masts about 15 stories tall, the turbines' 25-ton fiberglass and epoxy rotors will have about the same wing span as a Boeing 747.
p1982
aVTHE American worker is still disappearing. He is continuing to lose his spot to the American worker-owner, the person who, through 401(k) and other retirement plans, holds both a company job and company stock. But while a bull market and dreams of worker capitalism lead some people to put a happy face on this change, behind the smile are growing fears: of companies burdened by lawsuits and of workers facing grave risks to their retirement. These worries are strong enough to have inspired Congressional bills and company revisions of 401(k)'s and other defined-contribution plans. But, from the numbers, you would not suspect such deep misgivings: About 17 percent of all assets in 401(k) plans were invested in company stock in 1993, the most recent year for which Labor Department data are available, according to Douglas L. Kruse and Joseph R. Blasi, professors of management and labor relations at Rutgers University.
p1983
aVDow Jones & Company announced yesterday that it would replace 4 of the 30 stocks in the closely watched Dow Jones industrial average -- the first change in the index in nearly six years. The company said the moves -- to be effective Monday -- reflected the growing role of technology, health care and financial services in the economy, but the changes clearly represented an effort, as well, to get rid of some losers in the index.
p1984
asS'198410'
p1985
(lp1986
VThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, the nation's second-largest producer of electrical equipment, after the General Electric Company, reported yesterday that earnings increased 13.1 percent in the third quarter ended Sept. 30. For the third period, net income was $130.6 million, or 75 cents a share, compared with earnings of $115.5 million, or 65 cents a share, for the quarter a year ago.
p1987
aNaVWhen the General Electric Company, for decades the largest producer of small appliances, announced last year that it was selling that business to the Black & Decker Manufacturing Company, the news stunned the housewares industry. Setting aside differences in scale, it was as if General Motors had suddenly abandoned car making. The sale of the small appliance business produced tumult not only among the retail accounts of the company that has been making irons since 1905, but also among G.E.'s staff. But it was therapeutic, according to Paul W. Van Orden, executive vice president of G.E.'s consumer products division. ''It told everyone that we want to be No. 1 or No. 2 only in large-scale businesses,'' he said.
p1988
aNaVAs Westinghouse sees it, the market for nuclear reactors is not dead - it's merely living in exile. The company is investing heavily on the theory that the market will prosper abroad and will eventually come home. The theory runs counter to recent experience in this country, where electric customers, utility regulators and even electric companies are questioning whether more nuclear plants will ever be built. About $15 billion has been spent in the United States on plants canceled or abandoned since the late 1970's, and the costs of the surviving construction projects are threatening to raise electric rates by more than 50 percent in some areas. A few utilities are near bankruptcy.
p1989
aVThe Export-Import Bank said today that it was providing a 10-year, $13 million loan at 12 percent interest to help the All Nippon Airways Company buy $20.1 million of jet engines from the General Electric Company.
p1990
aVIn an effort to introduce more competition into Pentagon procurement, the Navy has proposed that the General Electric Company be required to share with its chief rival, Pratt & Whitney, the technology for an aircraft engine that the Navy expects to buy for the next 20 years, according to an internal memorandum. The proposal, made by Navy Secretary John F. Lehman Jr., is part of a continuing Defense Department effort to save money by moving away from single suppliers. A spokesman for General Electric said in a telephone interview from Lynn, Mass., today that his company had been informed of the Navy proposal but had not yet agreed to it. It is not clear, the spokesman added, whether the Navy could legally force his company to share the technology for the F-404 engine. Until now G.E. has faced no competition in the sale of the F-404 to the Navy.
p1991
aV* Black & Decker Canada Inc. , Ontario, a subsidiary of Black & Decker Manufacturing Co., said it would close its Barrie plant, a housewares manufacturing unit recently purchased from Canadian General Electric Co. * Boeing Commercial Airplane Co. said Varig, the Brazilian airline, would purchase two 747-300 jetliners for delivery in December 1985. No price was announced.
p1992
aVAmerican Financial Corp., Cincinnati, said it had sold its 687,275 common shares of American Bankers Insurance Group, Miami. * Avon Products said that it expects third-quarter earnings to be about 10 percent higher than the $24.9 million earned last year and that sales would be about 5 percent higher than last year's $677.8 million.
p1993
aVMore Trouble in Chicago. First Chicago, the nation's No. 8 bank, said it would report a loss of as much as $74 million in the third quarter because of bad loans to the domestic energy and agribusiness industries and overseas shipping and construction companies. However, the bank and Federal regulators, as well as analysts, were quick to point out that First Chicago's troubles were not as grave as those of Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust, whose near-collapse shocked the industry earlier this year. And First Chicago's chairman, Barry F. Sullivan, predicted that the bank would be profitable again in the fourth quarter. First Chicago's problems are being attributed in part to tighter oversight by the Comptroller of the Currency, which is forcing the bank to take a higher loan loss provision on the questionable loans. The banks are also scrutinizing more closely the loans they put on their books, in the wake of Continental's crisis. Some in the banking community believe that First Chicago's actions could lead to write-downs at other money-center banks.
p1994
asS'199708'
p1995
(lp1996
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had paid $5.1 million to Advanced NMR Systems Inc. for two magnetic-resonance imaging businesses and a 20 percent stake in the company. G.E. has been working with Advanced NMR, which is based in Wilmington, Mass., to develop the systems, which take high-resolution pictures that are used to diagnose cancer and other diseases.
p1997
aVThe General Electric Company said today that it had named Eugene F. Murphy as a vice chairman, corporate executive officer and a director, amid executive reshuffling. Mr. Murphy, 61, will join John F. Welch Jr., the chairman and chief executive, and Paolo Fresco and John D. Opie, vice chairmen, in the executive office.
p1998
aVGEC Alsthom said yesterday that it wanted to join with Framatome Connectors France S.A., a state-controlled nuclear-energy company, to bid for the energy operations of the Westinghouse Electric Corporation. GEC Alsthom, an equal joint venture of Alcatel Alsthom S.A. of France and General Electric P.L.C. of Britain, made the statement after the French daily newspaper Liberation said GEC Alsthom and Framatome planned to bid up to $300 million for Westinghouse's power-generation activities and assume nuclear-related legal liabilities and $500 million of debt. Westinghouse, based in Pittsburgh, plans to spin off most of its industrial units this year to focus on broadcasting. It owns CBS Inc. and runs a number of radio and television stations.
p1999
aVThe General Electric Company's Capital Services unit said yesterday that it had agreed to sell six million Paine Webber Group Inc. shares back to the brokerage firm for $219 million. The agreement would cut G.E.'s stake in Paine Webber to 23 percent from 31 percent. The purchase price of the Paine Webber stock will be $36.50 a share, below the closing price yesterday of $38.6875, down $2.0625.
p2000
aVThe Montgomery Ward Holding Corporation said yesterday that it planned to close 44 Lechmere, Home Image and Electric Avenue and More stores and cut 3,900 jobs in the first significant step of its plan to emerge from bankruptcy. The announcement came shortly after a bankruptcy judge in Wilmington, Del., approved a $1 billion financing plan from the majority shareholder, the General Electric Company, designed to fuel the retailer's recovery. The moves will let the company focus on its 356 Montgomery Ward stores in a bid to return to profitability. After years of declining sales and earnings, the Chicago-based company filed for Chapter 11 protection on July 7.
p2001
aVTrans Leasing International Inc. entered an agreement yesterday to sell substantially all of its assets to the GE Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company. Proceeds to stockholders were expected to be about $10 a share, after debt repayment, taxes and expenses, Trans Leasing said. The proceeds, expected to total about $40 million, will be distributed in the form of a liquidating dividend. Shares of Trans Leasing, a medical and scientific equipment leasing company, closed unchanged at $7.25 before the deal was announced.
p2002
aVDRAFT DIRECT WORLDWIDE, a prominent direct marketing agency, is diversifying into the general advertising arena by agreeing to acquire Adler Boschetto Peebles & Partners in New York, which specializes in accounts in fields such as financial services, entertainment, fashion and publishing. The deal, expected to be completed by the end of the month, calls for Adler Boschetto to operate as an autonomous unit of Draft Direct. The terms were not disclosed. But by a rule of thumb that many agencies have recently been acquired for three-quarters times revenue, the Interpublic Group of Companies, owner of Draft Direct, will pay $11 million to $12 million based on Adler Boschetto's revenue of $14.7 million last year.
p2003
aVThere is big money in nuclear energy. While most nuclear-power plants in America may be economic albatrosses, the little-known Government-owned enterprise that supplies the bulk of their uranium fuel is highly profitable. So profitable that Washington has already incorporated into the budget the billions it expects to bank when the United States Enrichment Corporation, which has operated with considerable autonomy since 1993, is sold to private investors early next year. It will be the largest divestiture of a Federal production operation ever attempted. But the road from here to there is tortuous.
p2004
aVTODAY, J. P. Morgan & Company can be seen all over the world, orchestrating mega-mergers, peddling stock, engaging in all the other varieties of wheeling and dealing performed by Wall Street's investment banks. That's quite a switch for what was once a nap-in-the-leather-armchair commercial bank in an evaporating market for corporate loans. In its successful donning of Wall Street's suspenders, Morgan can be seen as a role model for the other big commercial banks that have more recently bought brokerage firms -- BankAmerica or Swiss Bank -- or for other banks, like Chase Manhattan, that are hiring veteran traders and deal makers to build investment banks from scratch.
p2005
aVThe History Channel, the 24-hour television channel owned by A & E Television Networks in New York, named Moss/Dragotiin New York to handle its account, which was previously handled on a project basis. Though the billings were not disclosed, Competitive Media Reporting in New York, a unit of VNU N.V. of the Netherlands that tracks advertising spending, said that the network spent $6.7 million in 1996. Michael Mohamad, vice president for marketing at A & E, said the Moss/Dragoti division of the BDDP North America unit of BDDP Worldwide was awarded the account after a three-month review that also included the Communications Branding Group in New York, a divison of the DDB Needham New York unit of Omnicom Group, and North Castle Partners in Stamford, Conn.
p2006
asS'199312'
p2007
(lp2008
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would raise its dividend and split its stock. The company said it was increasing the quarterly dividend to 72 cents a share, from 63 cents previously, payable on Jan. 25 to stockholders of record on Dec. 31. The board of G.E. recommended the split for approval at the annual meeting next April 27, and the company said it expected a record date of April 28 for the new shares. Shares of General Electric rose $1.625, to $105.125, on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
p2009
aVThe Exxon Corporation has sold its credit card operation to the GE Capital Corporation. Anthony B. Zehnder, a spokesman for GE Capital, confirmed the sale but declined to disclose the purchase price or the amount of receivables that his company had bought. After the sale, the Exxon credit card will continue to exist, but it will be serviced by GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company. Exxon said that the sale would affect 400 employees.
p2010
aVThe General Electric Company's G.E. Lighting unit has agreed to form a joint venture with the largest lighting manufacturer in China, the Shanghai Jaibao Industry and Commerce Company. The companies said yesterday that the venture -- to make and sell a full line of products in China's $550 million lighting market -- was the first of several initiatives between G.E. and the Government of Shanghai. Under the agreement, G.E. Lighting will have a 65 percent stake in the business and Jiabao 35 percent. The financial terms were not disclosed. The venture combines Jiabao's plants for manufacturing incandescent, fluorescent, high intensity discharge and halogen lamps with capital, technology and manufacturing equipment provided by G.E. Lighting, the largest lighting company in North America.
p2011
aVThe Ameritech Corporation announced an agreement today to invest $472 million in the information services unit of the General Electric Company. It was the latest investment by a regional Bell operating company outside its core telephone business. Ameritech, based here, plans to buy a four-year note in GE Information Services, a fast-growing unit that had sales of $600 million last year.
p2012
aVIn another sign of the resurgence of the nation's railroad industry, CSX Transportation said yesterday that it had ordered 300 locomotives from the Transportation Systems division of the General Electric Company. The sale, the terms of which were not disclosed, adds to a long list this year of orders from railroads upgrading their equipment and investing in new technology.
p2013
aVThe Saginaw division of the General Motors Corporation has sold its mechanical and electric air pump business to Coltec Industries of New York. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Coltec's automotive division will supply G.M. with emission pumps beginning in the second quarter of 1994.
p2014
aVIn a plan that would sidestep a requirement for electric cars in the Northeast, the Big Three American auto makers proposed a compromise on pollution standards yesterday. General Motors, Ford Motor and Chrysler offered to produce gasoline-powered cars that would be cleaner than the ones the Federal Government plans to require. But such vehicles would not be as clean as those that meet California's stricter emission standards, which New York and Massachusetts have adopted and other states are considering.
p2015
aVGE Industrial and Power Systems said yesterday that it had received a contract to supply $600 million in power generation equipment to a $2.5 billion electric power plant in India. Another unit of the General Electric Company, the GE Capital Corporation, is a partner in a joint venture to build and operate the plant. The other partners are the Enron Corporation and Bechtel Enterprises Inc. The project is the first large-scale private electric generating plant built by foreign investors to be approved by the Indian Government. (Bloomberg Business News)
p2016
aVA leading manufacturer of military hardware and a nuclear-bomb laboratory both entered the rush yesterday to apply weapons know-how to building cleaner-running cars. The Grumman Corporation of Bethpage, L.I., said it had teamed up with the Long Island Lighting Company to build a hybrid natural gas/ electric delivery van, of the type used by Federal Express and UPS. Grumman's last hybrid was a remote-controlled battlefield reconnaissance vehicle it built for the Army.
p2017
aVThe Morrison Knudsen Corporation, one of the country's largest construction companies, will enter the locomotive manufacturing business next month when it rolls out an engine powered by liquefied natural gas. The locomotive, at a relatively small 1,200 horsepower, is a prototype of a switch engine.
p2018
asS'199311'
p2019
(lp2020
VGulf Air, the flag carrier of four Persian Gulf states, has agreed to buy six Boeing 777 jets and signed an option to buy another six of the long-range airliners. Neither the Boeing Company nor Gulf Air, controlled by Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Oman and Qatar, would put a value on the sale, but the 12-jet deal is probably worth between $1.4 billion and $1.7 billion based on previous sales. As part of the deal, Gulf Air ordered $350 million in engines from the General Electric Company for the 12 Boeing jets, G.E. said.
p2021
aVThe Chicago and North Western Transportation Company said today that it had agreed to buy 65 locomotives from the General Electric Company's GE Transportation Systems unit for about $95.3 million. Thirty-five locomotives are expected to be shipped by the end of the year and 30 more in January, the railroad company said.
p2022
aVSwearing he won't become another Carl Icahn, Theodore J. Forstmann will step in officially today as the chairman of Gulfstream Aerospace to salvage his leveraged buyout of the maker of the world's most luxurious corporate jets. Mr. Icahn's 1988 buyout of T.W.A. foundered so badly that he had to take over as the chairman, then later sell out to creditors and employees. Mr. Forstmann said Mr. Icahn had sold too many junk bonds and was mired in a generic business, "pushing a metal tube through the air like everyone else."
p2023
aVI.B.M. said yesterday that it was exploring the sale of all or part of its Federal Systems Company. Federal Systems, based in Bethesda, Md., provides both conventional data processing and specialized computing for aerospace applications -- primarily to the Defense Department and other Federal agencies, including the Federal Aviation Administration.
p2024
aVThe Boeing Company said today that it had received an order from Southwest Airlines for 63 of its 737-X family of jetliners, the next generation of its best-selling Boeing 737. The order, for delivery in 1997 through 2001, means the Seattle-based Boeing can now proceed with the introduction of the new aircraft. No price has been established for the 737-X, but the average $40 million price of current 737's would make the Southwest order worth about $2.5 billion. While the order will not have any near-term impact on earnings, it indicates that Boeing will remain competitive with Airbus Industrie in the crucial market for smaller jetliners, analysts said.
p2025
aVThe MCI Communications Corporation said today that it had joined four wireless communications suppliers and a leading research laboratory in the development of what are known as "personal communications services" using new kinds of wireless phone devices. The companies said they plan to establish specifications for systems in the United States that would be compatible with the so-called global system for mobile communications platform. This wireless communications standard, or G.S.M., was developed in Europe and is expected to be in use by more than 60 communications carriers around the world.
p2026
aVThe Nynex Corporation, continuing with its plan to leave the information services business, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell several units of AGS Computers Inc. for undisclosed terms. Nynex, the Bell operating company serving the Northeast, said the sale of the AGS units, and the earlier sales of its London-based BIS Group and Systems Strategies Inc., would result in a $250 million to $275 million charge against fourth-quarter earnings.
p2027
aVThe California, New York State and General Motors pension funds have quietly agreed to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in a venture meant to cash in on corporate turnarounds. Their partnership demonstrates that big investors, having overthrown several of the most prominent corporate chiefs this year, intend to expand their role in managing the companies as well. The venture, sponsored by Dillon, Read & Company, the investment bank, plans to win pledges from several foundering companies to make cutbacks and changes, then buy at least 10 percent of their stock and install one of the venture's partners on each of their boards.
p2028
aVThe New England Power Company burns a lot of coal at its waterfront power plant here: 2,400 tons a day, day in, day out, year round. Because about 10 percent of coal is unburnable sand and shale -- what one executive calls "prehistoric dirt" -- the result is about 300,000 tons of coal ash a year that must somehow be removed. That is a quarter of a ton of ash a year for each residential electricity customer.
p2029
aVDebt * California Pollution Control Financing Authority is selling $200 million of tax-exempt pollution control revenue bonds for the Pacific Gas and Electric Company, through Goldman, Sachs & Co. The 5.85 percent bonds are priced at about 99.299 to yield 5.90 percent, and for some investors these securities may be subject to the Federal alternative minimum tax. Underwriters expect the issue to be rated A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and A by the Standard & Poor's Corp. * Casino America Inc., Boca Raton, Fla., is selling $105 million of 11.5 percent first mortgage notes due in 2001 at a price of 100 through Salomon Brothers. Nonredeemable for four years, the notes are rated B-1 by Moody's and B by S.& P. The financing includes warrants to purchase 3 percent of the company.
p2030
asS'199310'
p2031
(lp2032
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that 11 of its remaining 12 business units had improved earnings for the third quarter, with 7 reporting double-digit increases. Only the aircraft engines unit reported a decline in profit, which the company said was expected. As a result, the company reported an earnings increase of 8.6 percent for the period, despite the sale last November of its aerospace business, which earned $114 million for the third quarter last year. The business was sold to the Martin Marietta Corporation as part of a consolidation of defense-related operations.
p2033
aVThe shareholders of the GPA Group, the world's biggest aircraft leasing company, have backed a rescue by the General Electric Company. At a special meeting at GPA's headquarters in Shannon, Ireland, on Monday, the shareholders voted for the $1.35 billion deal by a huge margin. A spokesman for GPA said the transaction should close in a few weeks. Without the action by G.E., GPA would have gone into bankruptcy. Under the deal, GPA will sell 44 aircraft to the GE Capital Corporation, the financial services wing of G.E., at 85 percent of book value. G.E. has an option to take a controlling stake in GPA, but it will not be liable for GPA's debts of more than $5 billion.
p2034
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain has offered to buy Ferranti International, a debt-stricken military contractor, for $:150.1 million ($225 million). The acquisition would include Ferranti's $:140 million of bank debt and a nominal offer of one penny a share for its outstanding stock. Ferranti recommended shareholders accept the offer because the alternative would be bankruptcy. Ferranti was hard hit by cutbacks in Western military budgets after the end of the cold war. It was also the victim of fraud when it acquired International Signal and Control Group in 1987. The fraud was not discovered until 1989. G.E.C. is not related to the General Electric Company of the United States.
p2035
aVGeneral Motors and the air pollution chiefs of 12 Northeastern states are engaged in a double-or-nothing gamble over what emission standards will be applied to cars in the region at the turn of the century. The car company is rolling the dice in the courts and lobbying in legislatures for weaker rules, as state officials consider running to the Clinton Administration to lay down the law to enforce the strictest standard available. But for the first time in a long battle between Detroit and the state capitals, the two sides are approaching negotiations.
p2036
aVWant to be the first on your block to try out an electric car? Or, put differently, want to try out an electric car that cost as much as your house did, without having to pay for it? Then watch for an insert in your next utility bill.
p2037
aVThe Martin Marietta Corporation, which last year bought the General Electric Company's aerospace electronics division, said yesterday that it would close 12 production sites and eliminate 11,000 jobs nationwide this year to consolidate the two businesses. The move, which had been expected for months, is the latest sign that the pain and layoffs of a shrinking weapons industry are far from finished. The announcement came the same day large layoffs were announced in the airline and hazardous-waste disposal industries. [ Page D3. ]
p2038
aVThe Raytheon Company said today that it had joined a group of companies in the production of the X2000 high-speed tilt train for use by Amtrak. Raytheon said it, the General Electric Company and the General Dynamics Corporation would join the ABB Asea Brown Boveri A. G. unit ABB Traction in a venture to produce 26 trains to be used on routes between Boston and Washington in early 1997. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
p2039
aVThe Nview Corporation signed a letter of intent yesterday to acquire the projection display products operation of the Martin Marietta Corporation for an undisclosed amount. The operation, which makes a video and computer data projectors for large screens, was a unit of G.E. Aerospace, which Martin Marietta acquired from the General Electric Company in April. Nview, based in Newport News, Va., is a manufacturer of liquid crystal display products that project electronic images from computer and video sources.
p2040
aVUnited Airlines is considering moving the jet engine repair work at its operations in the San Francisco area as a way to cut costs. "That is one of the options we are looking at," a United Airlines spokesman, Anthony T. Molinaro, said. Of 19,000 United employees in the San Francisco area, 11,000 work at maintenance operations at San Francisco International Airport and Oakland International Airport. United is evaluating shifting responsibility for jet engine maintenance to the General Electric Company, Pratt & Whitney, Ryder System Inc. and other companies, The San Francisco Chronicle reported yesterday.
p2041
aVCongressional aides said today that they would present evidence on Wednesday that the Pratt & Whitney division of the United Technologies Corporation knowingly participated in a kickback scheme to sell jet engines and computer software to Israel. An investigation by the General Accounting Office has found that from 1986 to 1991 officials of Pratt & Whitney and the Israeli Ministry of Defense "facilitated" the diversion of $12.5 million of United States military funds through an overpricing scheme, the aides said.
p2042
asS'200606'
p2043
(lp2044
VCONSUMERS were willing to open their wallets last month, but seem reluctant to do so in the near future. Energy companies, meanwhile, are eager to spend money and are likely to spend a lot more soon. These developments have something in common: energy prices. Gasoline near $3 a gallon and the prospect of high summer air-conditioning bills are spooking many consumers but are exciting energy executives looking to use their cash hoards to buy out rivals. Seeking to calm the financial markets, which were rattled by these changes and persistent signs of inflation, President Bush nominated a new Treasury secretary with ample credibility on Wall Street and Capital Hill. A NEW CAPTAIN -- With the dollar falling and the trade deficit rising, and with tax cuts bumping up against a sizable federal budget deficit, President Bush named Henry M. Paulson Jr., a Wall Street banker, to succeed John W. Snow as Treasury secretary.
p2045
asS'200607'
p2046
(lp2047
VGeneral Electric said it had agreed to sell its electrical products distributor, GE Supply, to a French electrical supplies distributor, Rexel, for $725 million. The deal is expected to close in the third quarter, and is part of G.E.'s strategy to focus on higher-return business segments. G.E. plans to use proceeds from the sale to reinvest in core operations and pay for restructuring. G.E. Supply will continue to distribute G.E. products. GE Supply, based in Shelton, Conn., had about 2,500 employees and $2.4 billion in revenue in 2005. Rexel plans to operate GE Supply as a stand-alone company reporting to a newly created holding company.
p2048
aVThe Swiss Reinsurance Company, the largest reinsurer in the world, will cut as many as 2,000 jobs, or 17 percent of its work force, after the purchase of the reinsurance unit of General Electric. Swiss Re, which is based in Zurich, said the reductions would affect employees in Zurich; London; Munich; Armonk, N.Y.; and Kansas City, Mo. In January, the company said the purchase of GE Insurance Solutions, based in Kansas City, would result in the loss of as many as 1,700 jobs. Swiss Re surpassed Munich Re as the largest reinsurer last month after completing the $7.4 billion purchase of the G.E. unit.
p2049
aVHonda Motor reported a sharply higher quarterly profit on Wednesday, raised by the popularity of fuel-efficient vehicles like its Civic and Fit compact cars. Honda, Japan's third-largest carmaker after Toyota and Nissan, posted a net profit of 143.4 billion yen, or $1.2 billion, in the quarter that ended June 30, up 29.6 percent from the year-earlier quarter.
p2050
aVRULES ON PAY DISCLOSURE The Securities and Exchange Commission adopted a sweeping set of rules that should make it easier to see how much top executives are paid and prevent the manipulation of stock option grants. [Page C1.] HEINZ CONFLICT In less than three weeks, shareholders of Heinz will vote on whether to back the company's current 12-member board and its management or install a five-member slate nominated by Nelson Peltz, left, an activist investor. The chief of Heinz, William R. Johnson, says of Mr. Peltz, ''He doesn't understand our business.'' [C1.] INFLUENTIAL FARMERS The collapse of world trade talks this week has proven again that a tiny number of farmers in the United States and elsewhere possess the clout to resist lower agricultural tariffs and subsidies. News Analysis. [C1.] TWO VIEWS OF G.M. General Motors, which reported an adjusted profit of $1.1 billion in the second quarter, says its results prove that its turnaround is off and running. Analysts counter that it still has not tackled its fundamental problem: sliding market share. [C1.] 'LIVING WAGE' ORDINANCE After months of fevered lobbying and bitter debate, the Chicago City Council passed an ordinance requiring stores like Wal-Mart and Home Depot to pay a minimum wage of $10 an hour by 2010. [A1.] BIRD FLU VACCINE A new vaccine against bird flu developed by GlaxoSmithKline is more effective than any previous version and works at a far smaller dose, the company reported. [A1.] STRANGE BEDFELLOWS Oliver Stone is getting help in marketing his newest movie from an unlikely ally: the publicity firm that helped devise the Swift boat campaign attacking John Kerry's Vietnam record in the 2004 presidential race. [A1.] DRILLING IN THE GULF The Senate moved closer to passing a bill that would expand energy production in the Gulf of Mexico. [A20.] ENLISTING EMPLOYERS Federal immigration authorities unveiled a program that is designed to induce employers to stop hiring illegal immigrants and to report those they find on their payrolls. [A22.] SHADES OF GRAY Reports from the 12 Federal Reserve districts show an economic picture that varies from region to region, but one trend is becoming increasingly clear: growth is slowing across the country. [C3.] JUDGE REJECTS STATEMENTS The federal judge overseeing a big tax shelter trial ruled that two former partners at the accounting firm KPMG had been coerced into talking to prosecutors before their indictment and that their statements could not be used as evidence. [C3.] MICROSOFT AIMS FOR HEALTH CARE Microsoft plans to offer software tailored for the health care industry, a change from its strategy of encouraging others to create industry-specific products using its operating system and programming tools. [C3.] TWO HYUNDAIS Hyundai Motor and Hyundai Heavy Industries, which have diverged over their relationship with labor unions, both reached wage deals with their workers. But the tentative Hyundai Motor agreement, calling for a 5.1 percent pay increase, came only after a partial strike had crippled its assembly lines for a month. [C4.] STRENGTH AT HONDA Honda Motor, Japan's third-largest carmaker after Toyota and Nissan, reported sharply higher quarterly profit, lifted by the popularity of fuel-efficient vehicles like its Civic and Fit. Honda's results contrasted with those of General Motors and Ford, and it did significantly better than Nissan, which a day earlier reported lower sales volume because of a dearth of new models to attract customers. [C4] HAPPIER DAYS A relatively sunny mood prevailed at a conference of interactive marketers this week in Chicago, in contrast to the many troubles traditional advertisers face. Advertising. [C11.] ONLINE ONLINE: DEALBOOK A report on mergers and acquisitions, up-to-the-minute news on Wall Street and a look at the behind-the-scenes maneuvering is at nytimes.com/dealbook. THOSE ECLECTIC ELECTRICS Over the years some electric cars have managed to captivate more than a few daring consumers. A slide show is at nytimes.com/automobiles. REALITY TV, THE UNWELCOME GUEST After filming on Fire Island, the cast and crew of a new ABC reality series took the hint: residents didn't want them there. Seeing a town portrayed as all bars and hookups makes residents real angry. A report is at nytimes.com/style. Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. THE KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION, which makes Kleenex tissues, said its second-quarter profit fell more than 10 percent as higher costs for energy and raw materials offset a 4 percent sales increase. The company said it earned $378 million in the quarter in contrast to $422 million a year earlier. (AP) WELLPOINT, THE HEALTH INSURER, said its second-quarter profit grew 34 percent, in part because of increased revenue from premiums and administrative fees. Net income for the period grew to $751.2 million, in contrast to $559.4 million in the period a year ago. (AP) PULTE HOMES, THE HOME BUILDER, said that its second-quarter profit fell 20 percent as higher average prices failed to offset a nearly 30 percent drop in new home orders. Net income slid to $243 million from $303.7 million in the period a year earlier. Sales grew to $3.36 billion from $3.25 billion a year ago. (AP)
p2051
asS'200604'
p2052
(lp2053
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that its earnings increased 9 percent in the first quarter and that revenue rose 10 percent as the company benefited from stronger sales of aircraft engines and health equipment. But the report, which met Wall Street's expectations to the penny, did not excite investors who were hoping the company would raise its earnings forecast for the rest of the year or beat their expectations. Shares closed down 57 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $33.89.
p2054
aVA chart last Sunday illustrating the relationship of chief executives' pay to company performance in 2005 referred incompletely to financial results at General Electric. The company did report flat earnings from continuing operations and a 46 percent decline in overall earnings, but only in the fourth quarter. For the full year, earnings from continuing operations rose 12 percent, while overall earnings declined 3 percent.
p2055
aVThe pictures of a dozen outside directors in General Electric's 2005 annual report seem out of sync, as if some of the heads were photographed and then pasted onto the bodies. They were, confirmed a company spokesman, Russell Wilkerson, who said that some photographs had been taken individually and others in small groups. They were then assembled, he said, for a panoramic shot of the powerhouse board, which includes Rochelle B. Lazarus, the chairwoman and chief executive of Ogilvy Mather Worldwide, and Ralph S. Larsen, the former chief executive of Johnson & Johnson. Directors had a 94 percent attendance rate for the 12 board meetings last year, Mr. Wilkerson said, but scheduling conflicts and the hours it takes to set up equipment and lighting made capturing all the directors at one time difficult.
p2056
aVCarlos Ghosn, who now runs both the French automaker Renault and its Japanese affiliate, Nissan Motor, urged his fellow auto executives yesterday to wean themselves from costly incentives, which he said had become ''an insidious, confusing carousel'' on which the companies could not stop spinning. Mr. Ghosn's plea, made at the New York International Auto Show, came with both General Motors and Ford Motor mired in problems that have led to billions of dollars in losses and their lowest market share in North America in decades.
p2057
aVThe Lexus brand has outsold Mercedes and BMW in the United States for the last five years, but it has long lacked the flagship sedan that could rival them in price, performance and prestige. Until now.
p2058
aVGOOD and getting better, or weak and getting worse. Both views on the economy had their believers amid mixed signals on energy prices, consumer attitudes, the job market and interest rates this week. STEPPING ON THE GAS -- Just in time for the summer driving season, gasoline prices began to rise across the country, topping $3 a gallon at some stations in New York, Los Angeles and some other major metropolitan areas. The increase was driven by political instability in major oil-producing countries, notably Iran, which is confronting the West over its uranium-enrichment program, and Nigeria, where government opponents have taken to attacking petroleum production plants. Together, these events pushed oil prices above $69 a barrel on world markets.
p2059
aVThe Chinese automaker that has joint ventures with General Motors and Volkswagen announced details Monday of plans to sell its own cars in China later this year and to export cars to Europe next year. The plans highlight how Chinese companies, no longer satisfied with using cheap labor to manufacture car designs from the United States, Germany and Japan, are determined to turn into international competitors in their own right. To do that, they are relying on Western technology.
p2060
aVThe Mexican Congress voted late Thursday to strengthen antitrust laws, a measure advocates say will bolster the economy's flagging competitiveness by restricting a company's ability to dominate a crucial industry. The vote came just before midnight Thursday in the final hours of the legislative session. The Senate unanimously approved the bill, following the lead of the lower house, the Chamber of Deputies, which had done the same on Tuesday.
p2061
aVA WAL-MART BANK? -- The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation begins two days of hearings today on Wal-Mart's application to start its own bank. Dozens of groups have signed up to testify. IN HIS OWN WORDS -- Jeffrey K. Skilling, Enron's former chief executive, is expected to take the stand in Houston this week, possibly as early as today. Lawyers for Mr. Skilling and Kenneth L. Lay, Enron's founder, began calling witnesses last week. . MARKET PAUSE -- Financial markets in the United States and in many other countries will be closed on Friday in observance of Good Friday. ECONOMIC PULSE -- The biggest economic report of the week will be the trade deficit figure for February, which will be released on Wednesday. In other reports, import prices and retail sales for March are due on Thursday, while industrial production and capacity utilization for March are out on Friday. PROFIT WATCH -- Earnings season kicks off with Alcoa today; Genentech tomorrow; Circuit City on Wednesday; General Electric, The New York Times Company and Tribune on Thursday; and Knight Ridder on Friday.
p2062
aVYield on 10-Year Treasury Note Tops 5%, Signaling Increases for Consumer Debt Costs The yield on the Treasury's 10-year note, which serves as a touchstone for lending rates, rose above 5 percent for the first time in nearly four years, signaling that many borrowers will soon be paying more on mortgages and home equity loans. [Page A1.] Skilling Maintains Innocence Despite Mistakes at Enron Jeffrey K. Skilling admitted in testimony at the Enron fraud trial that he made mistakes, but continued to profess his innocence and blasted the government for charging him with conspiring to defraud Enron investors. [C1.] Repeat of an Auto Bailout Unlikely This Time Just over 25 years ago, Chrysler teetered on the brink of bankruptcy, hobbled by falling sales, heavy payroll costs and bloated debt, and the federal government helped with a bailout. Today General Motors and Ford are in similar positions. But a replay of the federal help is unlikely. [C1.] The Ford Motor Company said it planned to shut its truck plants in St. Paul, Minn., and Norfolk, Va., the latest closings as part of its restructuring program called the Way Forward. Both plants, which are among the oldest at Ford, will shut in 2008, the automaker said. Both opened in 1925 and together employ about 4,300 hourly and salaried workers. [C4.] Pension Accounting Plan Will Cut Corporate Worth A proposal by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to revise the way corporations account for pension obligations would wipe away 8 percent of the nation's corporate wealth, reflecting how poorly current accounting rules reflect a pension fund's need for cash versus a company's ability to provide it, according to a study by an actuarial firm. [C1.] A Chip Maker Turns His Focus to the Sun T.J. Rodgers, who founded Cypress Semiconductor to make high-speed computer memories and the newer specialized chips that go into iPods and high-end Mercedes Benzes, is working on a new kind of chip these days, the kind that soak up the sun's rays to produce electricity. [C1.] Bausch & Lomb to Stop Sales of Suspect Solution After reports of illness and under pressure from major retailers, Bausch & Lomb said it had asked retailers across the nation to temporarily remove its ReNu With MoistureLoc contact lens solution from store shelves. [C3.] TiVo Wins $73 Million in a Patent Lawsuit A federal jury awarded TiVo more than $73 million in damages in a patent infringement lawsuit against EchoStar Communications. [C3.] Retail Sales Better Than Expected in March Retail sales increased 0.6 percent in March, rebounding from a decline of 0.8 percent in February, the Commerce Department said. [C3.] Fidelity Closing Two More Popular Mutual Funds Fidelity Investments said it was closing two large, popular mutual funds to new investors, two weeks after closing its biggest fund, the $65 billion Contrafund. Some analysts interpreted the closings as pre-emptive steps to prevent sagging returns that can result when a fund gets too big. [C5.] Michael Jackson Overhauls His Finances The pop star Michael Jackson, who has been burdened with hundreds of millions of dollars of debt, said he had revamped his finances, an arrangement that would probably force him to sell part of his stake in a song catalog that includes hits by the Beatles. [C2.] General Electric Posts 9% Increase in Profit General Electric said its earnings increased 9 percent in the first quarter and that revenue rose 10 percent as the company benefited from stronger sales of aircraft engines and health equipment. Jeffrey K. Immelt, G.E.'s chief executive, said the company expected a strong year -- orders are up 33 percent overall and 67 percent for equipment. G.E. said it should also be able to sell the last of its slower-growing insurance businesses, GE Life, in the next 12 months. [C3.] Anticipation of Technology Profit Lifts Stocks Stocks rose as anticipation of better-than-expected earnings from technology companies tempered concern about higher interest rates and oil prices. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 7.68 points, to 11,137.65; the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 1 point, to 1,289.12; The Nasdaq composite index advanced 11.43 points, to 2,326.11. [C7.] U.S. Seeks Measures Against a Tax Dodge Promoter The Justice Department is seeking a court order to block a Michigan couple from promoting what the government says is the No. 1 tax scheme in the country and to force them to return more than $20,000 in tax refunds. The government also sued seven people it said used the couple's advice. [C3.]
p2063
asS'200605'
p2064
(lp2065
VGeneral Electric said that it was projecting $8 billion in revenue in India by 2010, up from a year-earlier forecast of $5 billion, while simultaneously setting a goal of $8 billion in assets in the country. Speaking to the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Mumbai, the G.E. chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, said the company intended to rapidly expand its industrial and financial presence in the country. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., has units and joint ventures in India spanning technology and back-office outsourcing, credit cards, consumer finance, hospitals, aviation and real estate. Mr. Immelt said G.E. would enter the banking sector when the regulatory guidelines changed. SARITHA RAI (NYT)
p2066
aVTHE WAYS OF WASHINGTON -- The rise and fall of the Republican $100 rebate as a way to address a spike in gasoline prices is a window into how Washington sometimes works in a slapdash way, featuring in this case Congressional aides who misread the political climate and lawmakers desperate to keep their jobs. [Page A1.] CONFLICTED IN CONGRESS -- Under pressure to deal with gasoline prices, President Bush and Republican leaders in Congress are struggling to marry a newfound zeal for energy conservation with their traditional loyalty to big cars and Big Oil. [C1.] NEW AOL SERVICE -- In a new twist on services that allow calls between regular phones and PC's, AOL is preparing to offer the 41 million users of its instant messaging system a free phone number that will allow people to call while they are online. [C1.] DRUG PATENT RULING -- In a closely watched lawsuit, a federal jury in Boston ruled that Eli Lilly & Company infringed a patent covering drugs that work through one of the body's basic biological pathways. Lilly was ordered to pay $65.2 million in back royalties to Ariad Pharmaceuticals, a biotechnology company. [C1.] TALKS ON ENERGY -- Four South American leaders met to defuse an energy crisis set off by Bolivia's decision to nationalize its energy reserves. But the leaders of Bolivia, Venezuela, Brazil and Argentina walked away with little more than an agreement to negotiate natural gas prices, and to keep talking. [A3.] GERMANY DRAWS INVESTORS -- German cities are lining up for a wave of foreign investment in their property. Lured by a German property market that is the most stagnant in any major European country, and a vast supply of well-kept public housing, American and other foreign companies have already snapped up dozens of projects. [C1.] DON'T BLINK -- Decades ago, General Electric and its advertising agency joined to create a half-hour weekly television series, ''General Electric Theater''; for most of its run, the host was an actor named Ronald Reagan. Today a G.E. campaign made for new media will introduce a series in a shorter format: ''G.E. One Second Theater.'' Stuart Elliott, Advertising. [C8.] LATE EASTER HELPS RETAILING -- American retailers reported their best monthly sales results in two years, buoyed by a later-than-usual Easter that nudged purchases of items like dresses and hams from March to April. Sales at Wal-Mart Stores, the nation's largest retailer and one that caters to low-income customers, rose 6.8 percent. [C3.] TAX CUT SAVINGS -- The tax cut bill that Senate and House leaders have generally agreed upon is expected to save middle-income taxpayers an average of $20 each, according to the Tax Policy Center, a research organization. The top tenth of 1 percent, whose average income is $5.3 million, would save an average of $82,415. [C11.] CHANGES AT DRUG MAKER -- Johnson & Johnson told employees it was dividing its pharmaceuticals group into three major disease or therapeutic clusters, sending a strong signal that it wants to revitalize the pharmaceutical side of the company. [C3.] ADVISER LEAVING G.M. -- Stephen J. Girsky, a former Wall Street analyst who became a full-time adviser to General Motors, is leaving after less than a year. [C8.] FLU VACCINE MONEY -- Five drug manufacturers will receive more than $1 billion to develop technology for faster mass production of vaccines in case of a pandemic. [C4.] JOBS REPORT -- A surge in hiring on Wall Street is driving the economy of New York City and the surrounding region, but the pace of growth still lags behind the national rate, the Department of Labor reported. [B2.] ASIAN CURRENCY AGREEMENT -- Finance ministers from China, Japan and South Korea announced tentative steps to coordinate their currencies in ways that could ultimately produce a common regional currency like the euro. [C4.] CANADA'S DOLLAR GAINS -- Canada's dollar closed at 90 cents to the United States dollar on Tuesday, and some are forecasting parity between the currencies. But the Canadian service and manufacturing companies that depend on exports priced in American dollars are being hurt. [C4.] ONLINE WIRELESS E-MAIL: Geoff Goodfellow came up with the idea of wireless e-mail long before BlackBerries became popular. An audio report can be found at nytimes.com/technology. VIDEO: HONEY I SHRUNK THE PC -- David Pogue reviews the Ultra Mobile PC, which aims to bridge the size gap between a palmtop and a laptop, at nytimes.com/video. MOST E-MAILED ARTICLES -- A New York Times reporter, James Barron, discusses the three most e-mailed articles on NYTimes.com at nytimes.com/podcasts. BUSINESS BRIEFING Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. TYCO said its quarterly profit more than quadrupled, helped by its engineered products unit, but it cut its full-year forecast, citing soaring copper prices. (REUTERS) EASTMAN KODAK lost $298 million in the first quarter -- its sixth consecutive quarterly loss -- and said it was considering selling its health-imaging business. (AP) CVS, the drug store chain, reported a 14 percent increase in its first-quarter profit on strong sales growth. (AP) THE NYSE GROUP, parent of the New York Stock Exchange, said that shareholders sold 25 million shares yesterday at $61.50 each for a total of $1.54 billion. (REUTERS)
p2067
aVHEALTH CLAIM CHECKUP The claims-processing company Athenahealth plans to present a rare warts-and-all look at how well -- or not -- the nation's seven biggest health insurers pay their bills. [Page C1.] VONAGE'S TOUGH RECEPTION In their first day of trading, shares in Vonage, the country's leading Internet phone provider, fell nearly 13 percent below the initial offering price. The sour reception suggested that investors had doubts whether the company could survive in a market where big cable providers are rushing to offer competing services. Market Place. [C1.] MARTHA STEWART CASE TO RESUME A year after her release from prison, her carefully executed makeover complete, Martha Stewart must again confront insider trading accusations. The three-year-old civil case against her is resuming. [C1.] TASERS UNDER SCRUTINY The safety of Tasers, the electric pistols widely used by police, is under new scrutiny after a study by a Wisconsin scientist showed that shocks from the guns cause the hearts of healthy pigs to stop beating. Previous studies showed that Taser shocks did not cause heart disturbances in pigs, whose hearts are similar to those of humans. [C3.] WYETH ADDS TO FEN-PHEN FUND Wyeth won final judicial approval to add $1.3 billion to a $3.75 billion settlement of lawsuits over the fen-phen diet drug combination. The extra money will help settle about 42,000 pending claims, the company said. Wyeth withdrew Pondimin and Redux, part of the fen-phen combination, in 1997 after researchers linked them to heart and lung problems in some users. [C3.] OFFICIAL'S PLANS Robert B. Zoellick, the former United States trade representative, intends to resign as deputy secretary of state after barely 15 months in the job, aides and associates said. He has told associates he would like to be Treasury secretary if John W. Snow resigns. [A14.] CBS-STERN SETTLEMENT CBS Radio has settled its breach-of-contract lawsuit with the talk-show host Howard Stern, the judge presiding over the case said, but lawyers on both sides said the agreement had not yet been signed. CBS sued Mr. Stern in February for promoting his move to Sirius Satellite Radio on his CBS morning show. [C4.] G.M. REPLACES WORKERS General Motors shares rose after the company began replacing union employees lost to buyouts and retirements with temporary workers. The company is using the temporary employees to avoid hiring at factories that are closing and to cover shortages caused by the departures. [C3.] A.C.L.U. PHONE INQUIRY The American Civil Liberties Union said it was asking utility commissions in 21 states to investigate whether the country's largest phone companies handed over their customer records to the National Security Agency without warrants. [A18.] OUR SPONSOR For the next 40 days a radio station in Boston will be, when it comes to advertising, all Snapple, all the time. Beginning tomorrow, the Snapple line of drinks sold by Cadbury Schweppes will be the sole sponsor of all programming and promotions on WFNX, a Boston FM station. Advertising, Stuart Elliott. [C4.] SUPPORT FOR NUCLEAR POWER Speaking in Pennsylvania, President Bush called for the construction of more nuclear power plants to help reduce the greenhouse gases believed to contribute to global warming. [A18.] A MATTER OF TASTE After more than 40 years, the fashion label St. John -- the choice of powerful women in business and politics -- decided it needed a face-lift. To the label's devotees, it was scandalous. [G1.] ECONOMIC SIGNS New-home sales rose last month, but failed to keep up the robust growth pace of March. The home sales numbers, along with a second government report that showed a steep decline in orders for durable goods, were seen as pointing to a softening economy. [C1.] STOCK MARKET RALLIES Stocks rallied for the first time this week after oil dropped below $70 a barrel and the government said new-home sales unexpectedly jumped in April. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 18.97 points, to 11,117.32. [C12.] MASTERCARD OFFERING MasterCard priced its long-awaited initial offering at $39 a share, slightly below expectation. Some 61.52 million shares will begin trading today. [C6.] MOBILE PHONE DEAL China Mobile Communications is poised to make one of the country's largest foreign purchases. The deal, worth about $5 billion, is for Millicom International Cellular, a Luxembourg-based mobile phone company. [C7.] ONLINE The Business of Green Businesses are going green for many reasons, not just to enhance their image. Some are seeking a competitive advantage. A special report is at nytimes.com/business. Online, Dealbook: A report on mergers and acquisitions, up-to-the-minute news on Wall Street and a look at the behind-the-scenes maneuvering is at nytimes.com/dealbook. Investor Tools Information on all United States stocks, and on bonds, mutual funds, commodities and foreign stocks, as well as analysis of industry sectors and stock indexes can be found at nytimes.com/business.
p2068
aVMISTAKE AT TASER -- Taser International, the maker of stun guns, said yesterday that it had overstated income in several quarters because of mistakes in the way it accounted for certain manufacturing expenses. Taser will restate results when it files a delayed first-quarter report with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the company said in a regulatory filing. The restatement is the second in a year and comes as Taser tries to recover from an S.E.C. investigation of its safety claims and four consecutive quarters of sales declines.
p2069
aVU.S. TO RENEW TIES WITH LIBYA -- The Bush administration announced that it would re-establish full diplomatic ties with Libya, which is led by Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi. While Libya is a major oil-producing state, a State Department official insisted: ''This decision is not undertaken because Libya has oil.'' [Page A1.] BAUSCH TO STOP PRODUCT'S SALE -- Bausch & Lomb said that it was halting sales of a soft-contact lens cleaner because tests showed that misuse could lead to an infection, and possibly blindness. [C1.] HOSTILE TAKEOVERS -- Mike Matthews, a sound-effects designer and onetime promoter of Jimi Hendrix, bought a Russian factory making vacuum tubes for guitar amplifiers. But he has encountered a problem increasingly common in Russia: someone is trying to steal his company. [C1.] BELLSOUTH DISPUTES REPORT -- BellSouth said that it had not shared customer calling records with the National Security Agency, denying a report last week that it was among three major telephone companies to have done so. [A18.] HEART DEVICE SAFETY -- Two major producers of heart devices, Medtronic and St. Jude Medical, responding to a report critical of the industry's oversight of product safety, said they planned to broaden how they conduct such reviews. [C3.] ENRON TRIAL -- During closing arguments at the Enron fraud trial in Houston, a prosecutor accused two former Enron chief executives of ''extraordinary arrogance'' and called them ''masters of the cover story'' who pushed the rules and crossed the line into illegality. [C1.] YUAN GAINS -- China allowed its currency to strengthen past the symbolic level of eight yuan to the dollar, rattling Asian markets. [C1.] WI-FI IN THE PARK -- New York officials set a July deadline for a city contractor to have a wireless network up and running in Central Park, in what would be a major expansion of free Internet access. [B3.] STOCKS RISE -- Stocks advanced as a plunge in oil and metals prices eased concern that accelerating inflation would drive the Federal Reserve to keep raising interest rates. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 47.78 points, or 0.4 percent, to 11,428.77. [C15.] CARBON MARKET -- The European carbon trading market, hailed as a way to curb global warming, has suffered nose dives, missteps and misreadings that have led to a clamor for major change. Market Place. [C1.] EBAY PATENT DISPUTE -- The Supreme Court sent the long-running patent dispute between eBay and MercExchange back to the lower federal courts. [C1.] RACING THE CLOCK -- After procrastinating for weeks, Medicare beneficiaries flocked to centers for the elderly around the country and made frantic telephone calls to insurers to beat the deadline for getting prescription drug coverage. [A19.] BOEING SETTLEMENT -- Boeing, the nation's No. 2 military contractor, has agreed to pay $615 million under a tentative deal with federal prosecutors that will allow it to avoid criminal charges. The agreement would end a three-year investigation into wrongdoing by Boeing employees. [C3.] ABC ADDS TO SCHEDULE -- ABC, which has some of television's biggest hits, and some misses, will announce a new prime-time schedule populated with a raft of new series. [E1.] LOOKING BEYOND TV -- Eager to improve its ratings and advertising sales, NBC is counting on digital media as much as television for a comeback in the 2006-7 season. Stuart Elliott, Advertising. [C10.] 'CODE' UNDER WRAPS -- In contemporary Hollywood, to release a movie without first having it undergo test screenings is fairly rare. For one like Sony's ''Da Vinci Code,'' it is close to unprecedented. But to preserve a climate of mystery and excitement around the movie, that has been the studio's course. [E1.] ONLINE VIDEO: THE ENRON TRIAL -- Paula Dwyer, deputy business editor; Kurt Eichenwald, investigative reporter; and Joe Nocera, business columnist, discuss the trial of Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling at nytimes.com/enron. THE WALK-THROUGH BLOG -- A look at residential real estate news, trends and tidbits can be found at nytimes.com/walkthrough. 2006 FALL TV SCHEDULE -- Virginia Heffernan, the Times TV critic, blogs from this week's TV upfronts, where the networks reveal their schedules, and the reporter Bill Carter offers a video analysis at nytimes.com/tv. Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. THYSSENKRUPP plans to close a Detroit plant that has built auto parts for 81 years, citing a lack of orders. (BLOOMBERG NEWS) BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC., which is controlled by the billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett, said it had amassed a $1.13 billion stake in ConocoPhillips and had made smaller investments in General Electric and United Parcel Service. (REUTERS) CREATIVE TECHNOLOGY LTD., a distant No. 2 to Apple Computer in the music player market, said yesterday that it had filed patent complaints against Apple in federal court and with a United States trade agency. Creative also said it had filed a lawsuit against Apple in the district court for the Northern District of California, alleging violation of the company's ''Zen'' patent. (REUTERS)
p2070
asS'200602'
p2071
(lp2072
VIt's hard to be in a business where you literally -- as well as figuratively -- are tilting at windmills. But that business may have just gotten its biggest tail wind yet. When President Bush called last month for more effort in alternative energies, a business that last year attracted only about $7 billion in investment nationwide, the 300 engineers and financiers at GE Energy Financial Services were already in the game. But that does not mean they were not happy that the White House acknowledged the sector.
p2073
aVGeneral Electric is selling its remaining stake in Genworth Financial, a life and mortgage insurer, for about $2.8 billion as it leaves the insurance industry to focus on faster-growing markets. About 71 million Genworth Class A shares, valued at $2.3 billion yesterday, will be sold to investors, General Electric said. G.E. will also sell 15 million Class B shares to Genworth at the same price.
p2074
aVThe 41 million Latinos in the United States make up a significant part of the American viewing audience, and media companies are beginning to notice. On Feb. 8, the No. 1 Spanish-language television network, Univision, announced that it was exploring a sale, drawing potential interest from companies, including Viacom and the News Corporation, in what analysts said could be a $13 billion deal. The amount is a far cry from the $2.7 billion paid by General Electric for the No. 2 Spanish-language network, Telemundo, in 2001. Since its purchase, Telemundo has gained on Univision, with 24 percent of the Hispanic viewing audience in January, up from 16 percent a year earlier, according to Nielsen Media Research. Telemundo has developed an original production unit to counter Univision's hold on distribution with ownership of 62 television markets. Recently, Don Browne, president of Telemundo, spoke about Univision's sale and the general media market's focus on a younger, minority viewing market. Following are excerpts: Q. Were you surprised by Univision's decision to explore a sale? A. Not at all. They had been exhibiting a lot of behavior that would indicate that maybe they were for sale, such as reducing their staff. It looked like a company that may be preparing itself for sale. I don't think it surprised anybody. I think it was an affirmation of what we expected. And I think it's a timing issue, probably, for them, and an optimum time to do it. For us, we're not so focused on what they're doing, we're focused on what we're doing. Q. Warner Brothers and CBS recently decided to focus their two broadcast networks, WB and UPN, on a younger, minority market. What does that mean for the general television landscape? A. I think it's interesting. I think the business is consolidating. I think it reinforces, again, that we are involved with a very dynamic audience that is growing and evolving and is attractive to everyone. Everyone is trying to figure out how to get the Spanish-language audience. But it's not so much the Spanish language, it's much more about culture: How do we bring relevance into our product to attract this audience? Q. But advertisers aren't yet paying a premium for this audience. A. But I think that's the beauty of our business. Advertisers are -- it's like a giant that's waking up. I think that advertisers are starting to realize the giant is the U.S. Hispanic population, which is growing dramatically. And I think as they begin to get a sense of the power of that consumer block, we're going to see an acceleration of that general market dollar coming very aggressively into the Spanish-language world. Q. Isn't part of the problem that advertisers have tended to see the audience as a lower-end market? A. I just think it's not necessarily lower end, but lack of awareness of how you market to them. Again, what happened four years ago, when G.E. and NBC bought Telemundo, I think it really sent a significant signal to the marketplace that this is a really important market. I think the fact that Univision is for sale and the buyers that are being mentioned are significant players, I think this is the type of news that will stimulate the general market advertiser to accelerate their dollars into our marketplace. Q. Univision hasn't followed your path in ramping up original production of the popular prime-time telenovellas. Yet, that company is expected to earn a higher price tag. What do you make of that? A. Jeff Immelt made this point the other day: I think the investment in Telemundo G.E. and NBC made four years ago was a brilliant investment. Because Univision is as good as they're going to be. They have nowhere to go, in the sense that they have their supplier, they have their traditional content that they do. Our audience is getting younger and more diverse and is growing faster than theirs. Ours is all upside. They're as good as they're going to be. We're just beginning to be as good as we're going to be. So if you're going to place a bet, you can bet where the business has been or you can bet on an organization that has a system and a program about where the business is going. And that's where we are. We're the future and I believe theirs is a traditional business model that is not appropriate to the future. An extended version of this interview is online at nytimes.com/business.
p2075
aVGeneral Motors is set to announce Tuesday that it has made, or plans to make, investments totaling $500 million to help modernize five of its Michigan factories. The automaker said it had scheduled a news conference for Tuesday afternoon at its manufacturing headquarters in Pontiac, north of Detroit. On Monday night, a company spokesman declined to discuss the nature of the announcement.
p2076
aVTHE advertising giant that popularized the soap opera, first on radio and then on television, is going online with a multimillion-dollar promotional campaign to stimulate interest in its two remaining shows. The advertiser is Procter & Gamble, whose sponsorship of daytime serials from ''Ma Perkins'' to ''The Edge of Night'' to ''Another World'' led to their being called soap operas. The sobriquet, from the 1930's, was derived from the soap powders and detergents Procter sold under brand names like Cheer, Dreft, Duz, Ivory Snow, Oxydol and Tide.
p2077
aVBIG companies were in big trouble with many of their shareholders this week, whether because they were too slow in cutting some things, like their payroll or their dividends, or too quick to count other things, like their sales. TIME'S A-WASTIN' -- Time Warner took a big step toward slimming down by agreeing to sell its book publishing unit a day before its most vocal shareholder, the corporate raider Carl C. Icahn, made public a plan by the investment bank Lazard to break the company into four pieces, sharply reduce expenses and buy back shares to raise its stock price.
p2078
aVWith industry hopes rising for a revival in orders for nuclear power reactors, the sale last month of Westinghouse's former nuclear division to Toshiba might stand out as a landmark. But not necessarily because the industry seems ready to take off. Toshiba surprised many in the industry by agreeing to pay a lofty $5.4 billion for a collection of nuclear power manufacturing facilities, with Westinghouse's being the centerpiece, assembled by British Nuclear Fuels.
p2079
aVDubai said yesterday that it planned to invest $15 billion to create a company that will lease planes, develop airports and make aircraft parts to tap into demand for air travel in the Middle East and Asia. Dubai, which owns Emirates, the largest Arab airline, may buy as many as 50 wide-body aircraft from Boeing and Airbus during the next four years, said Rashid al-Malik, project director for the planned company, which will be called Dubai Aerospace Enterprise.
p2080
aVStacey Snider, chairwoman of Universal Pictures, will leave the studio to take a new job running DreamWorks, now a division of Paramount Pictures, Paramount said on Sunday. Ms. Snider's exit, which had been rumored for weeks, leaves a major gap in the executive ranks at Universal, where she had guided the development and production of films since 1999. At DreamWorks, a much smaller operation, the executive will make four to six movies a year in partnership with the producer and director Steven Spielberg.
p2081
aVMaking a big bet on the future of nuclear power, Toshiba of Japan agreed on Monday to buy Westinghouse Electric, the atomic energy division of British Nuclear Fuels, for $5.4 billion. The purchase price is about three times the amount analysts estimated in July, because of competition for the unit. Toshiba outbid global giants like Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and General Electric.
p2082
asS'200603'
p2083
(lp2084
VGE Commercial Aviation Services said on Wednesday that it had placed a firm order for 30 of the Boeing Company's narrow-body 737 airplanes, with the option to buy 30 more. The deal for all 60 airplanes would be worth $4 billion at list prices, although aircraft buyers typically receive big discounts.
p2085
aVGeneral Electric said it agreed to acquire Zenon Environmental, a water treatment company in Canada, for about 760 million Canadian dollars ($646.4 million). General Electric said its water technologies unit would acquire Zenon, paying 24 Canadian dollars a share. Zenon makes supplies for water purification, wastewater treatment and water reuse for municipalities and industries. General Electric is based in Fairfield, Conn. Stock in Zenon, which is based in Oakville, Ontario, rose 8.28 Canadian dollars, or 53 percent, to 23.78 Canadian dollars a share.
p2086
aVGeneral Motors sold a 78 percent stake in its commercial mortgage business, one part of its vast financing division, to an investor group on Thursday, the latest move in the struggling automaker's efforts to raise cash. The deal includes $1.5 billion in cash and the repayment of about $7.3 billion in intercompany loans. The sale came a day after G.M. announced a landmark deal with the United Automobile Workers union that will offer buyouts to all 113,000 of its hourly workers in the United States.
p2087
aVIn 1992, with General Motors in the worst financial crisis in its storied history, its board ousted top management and brought in a fresh slate of executives with orders to burst through the automaker's turgid culture. The youngest was its 39-year-old chief financial officer, Rick Wagoner, a virtual unknown outside the company who was as shocked as everyone else when he was summoned back from G.M.'s operations in Brazil for a post that usually went to men a decade or two his senior. He helped fashion a turnaround plan that stemmed the bleeding and put G.M. back on the road to profitability.
p2088
aVEuropean and Asian companies are paying more attention to global warming than their American counterparts. And chemical companies are more focused on the issue than oil companies. Those are two conclusions from ''Corporate Governance and Climate Change: Making the Connection,'' a report that Ceres, a coalition of investors and environmentalists, expects will influence investment decisions.
p2089
aVVOLKSWAGEN and other carmakers used to prosper by sending outdated factory equipment to China to produce older models no longer salable in the West. But competition has become so fierce here that Honda is about to introduce its latest version of the Civic only several months after it went on sale in Europe, Japan and the United States. Toyota, meanwhile, is assembling its Prius gasoline-electric sedan only in Japan and China. When Ford Motor opened its first production line here in western China just three years ago, it used a layout copied from a Ford factory in the Philippines to produce 20,000 sedans a year based on a small car design taken from Ford operations in India.
p2090
aVMany electric utility companies across the nation are collecting billions of dollars from their customers for corporate income taxes, then keeping the money rather than sending it to the government. The practice is legal in most states. The companies say it is smart business.
p2091
aVLONG before Enron, a young Chicago financier began building and buying utility companies. He promoted electricity to housewives, peddled his stock to their husbands and amassed (thanks to his cunning grasp of finance) an energy empire spanning most of the country. It is long past time for wondering how such a fable might have ended. Has this country ever produced a financial magician who did not end his days fighting prosecution and public disgrace?
p2092
aVTHE advertising giant that popularized the soap opera, first on radio and then on television, is going online with a multimillion-dollar promotional campaign to stimulate interest in its two remaining shows. The advertiser is Procter & Gamble, whose sponsorship of daytime serials from ''Ma Perkins'' to ''The Edge of Night'' to ''Another World'' led to their being called soap operas. The sobriquet, from the 1930's, was derived from the soap powders and detergents Procter sold under brand names like Cheer, Dreft, Duz, Ivory Snow, Oxydol and Tide.
p2093
aVFor Janna Jensen, it was the dirty looks and nasty gestures from other drivers that finally persuaded her to give up the family's $55,000 Hummer H2. Her husband, Michael, meanwhile, was tired of the $300 monthly gasoline cost and the quality problems that began soon after they bought it. So the Jensens of Reno, Nev., dumped the sport utility vehicle this year for a more modest Honda Element, still an S.U.V. but one with better gasoline mileage and a lower profile than the H2. And they are not alone.
p2094
asS'200601'
p2095
(lp2096
VLike the LP's of old, recordable compact discs have surfaces that are easily scratched. Most people are not careful and toss discs on the table next to the computer or stereo while swapping them. The discs are often damaged when they are scraped across something hard or rough. But what if you had a disc whose surface never touched that tabletop? Todd Kuchman, founder and chief executive of Scratch-Less Disc Industries, came up with a low-tech fix. He added a series of bumps around the edge of the disc, keeping the surface slightly raised.
p2097
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its earnings from continuing operations in the last quarter of 2005 rose less than 1 percent from the fourth quarter of 2004, on a revenue increase of 3 percent. It was G.E.'s smallest quarterly profit in more than a year.
p2098
aVAs General Motors and Ford struggle to remake themselves and rejoin the car wars, one company is proving what a successful American carmaker can look like: Toyota. Unlike G.M. and Ford, bogged down by dozens of models competing for the same buyers, Toyota has a well-chosen lineup of both bread-and-butter cars and trucks that sell in big volumes as well as luxury models for which it can command a higher price.
p2099
aVAs General Motors tries to fix itself, Kirk Kerkorian's adviser, Jerome B. York, had one suggestion this week: imitate Nissan. The chief executive, Carlos Ghosn, has led Nissan through two successive turnaround plans, and is now in his third growth plan, making him the auto industry's version of a rock star. Last year, Nissan reached two of the goals Mr. Ghosn set: selling one million cars in the United States and increasing global sales by one million.
p2100
aVThe Ford Motor Company said Monday that it would close as many as 14 factories and cut up to 30,000 jobs over the next six years. It was the latest move in a fundamental restructuring of Detroit's traditional auto companies, hit hard by foreign competitors, who have taken more than 40 percent of the American market. The moves by Ford, the second-largest automaker in the United States, come two months after General Motors, the industry leader, said it would close all or part of a dozen factories and eliminate a similar number of jobs.
p2101
aVGeneral Motors expects billion-dollar losses at its struggling North American operations to begin to moderate this quarter, as its cost-cutting plan takes effect, G.M.'s chief executive, Rick Wagoner, said Friday. Speaking in a rare interview with a small group of journalists at G.M.'s headquarters here, Mr. Wagoner declined to predict when G.M. would return to profitability in North America.
p2102
aVLast year will go down as the one when cars made a comeback and sport utilities stumbled. It will also be remembered as the year when Detroit's auto companies held their lowest market share, although Chrysler broke from its Motor City rivals and posted the only sales increase among the Big Three.
p2103
aVTHE United States needs to develop alternative sources of energy like wind power, in part to mitigate the effects of global warming, says Thierry Vandal, president and chief executive of Hydro-Qubec, the electricity producer based in Montreal. Here are excerpts from a conversation: Q. Is global warming really happening? A. NASA came out with analysis of the year 2005 and concluded that it was the warmest year on record. That certainly seems to be telling us something. It's a potentially huge issue for all our societies. Q. Can you Canadians actually see the effects of the warming? A. Populations that reside in the far north, the Inuit, for example, tell us that on the basis of their traditions, they feel that something is going on. And in recent excursions, research ships up north have also detected dramatic evolution of some of the large glaciers. There is an abundance of facts that all point in the same direction. We certainly believe that as a provider of electricity we should be very, very concerned about this. That's why our focus is on renewable sources of energy. There's obviously a huge need for electricity -- it's the fuel of the information age. But we should be proactive in the way we address the supply of electricity. Q. Aside from the generation of power from water, you think that wind power is increasingly viable. Why? A. Technology. Clearly, this is a power source that is seeing some very interesting technological development. It's the development of power electronics and the materials that are used. And the scale of these facilities also has seen some development. All those factors combined make it a source of power that is not only renewable but also can be competitive in the power market. Q. Wind hasn't been seen as a very reliable source of power. Is that changing? A. Our largest wind farm 10 years ago was actually on the electricity grid about 20 percent of the hours of the year. In more recent wind farms that have been attached to the grid, the technology is allowing them to maintain a presence for more than 30 percent of the time. The electronics enhance our ability to control and optimize the production of energy on a more sustained basis. And composite materials mean that the blades are lighter and stronger and can therefore be used to produce at a larger scale. In a matter of 10 years, the scale of each turbine has been multiplied by a factor of 10. The efficiency of scale makes the whole sector more cost-competitive. Q. Does this technology come from General Electric? A. There are others, such as the Danish firm Vestas and a Spanish company named Gamesa. But certainly General Electric is showing strong leadership in this sector. Q. How big is the wind farm that you and G.E. are working on in northern Quebec? A. We have attached 500 megawatts to the grid, and we're going to be attaching 1,000 additional megawatts of wind power. That's under way. We're looking at buying an additional 2,000 megawatts. We'll soon be concluding the contracts. So that's 3,500 megawatts, which is enough to supply more than one million homes with energy for a year. Q. Will any of that power come to the United States? A. Yes, Hydro-Qubec has a presence in the New York market and in the Northeast in general. We are looking at growing that presence over the next five years on the basis of renewable energy. Q. Would a dip in the price of oil undermine the economics of what you're doing? A. No. Our focus on the development of wind and hydro started before the last spike in oil prices. Q. We're seeing resistance in Massachusetts to an offshore wind farm. Are you encountering any resistance in Quebec? A. There is clearly a need to focus this development in areas that are not sensitive from the point of view of recreational activities. The Quebec transmission grid is very extended because a lot of our hydro generation is quite far north. The ability to attach wind power, therefore, is easier than in more densely developed areas in the United States, where a lot of power is generated close to where it's consumed. If you're 100 meters away from a wind farm, noise is not a factor. Clearly, the industry is going to have to continue research on wind farms' interference with certain species of birds. But on balance, we believe wind farms can continue to be developed in a way that's sensitive to both humans and other species. Q. The American electricity grid can fail, as it did in August 2003. Has the grid been fixed? A. Extensive work is taking place. In the Energy Policy Act that was passed last year, Congress and the administration put a lot of focus on reliability. It's all pointing in the right direction. Q. So even though it's headed in the right direction, very little has actually been done? A. I wouldn't characterize it that way. We shouldn't minimize the importance of what's taking place at the industry level. There's a focus on new investment and also on having an industry that operates with higher grid reliability. We think 2005 was a year in which we moved forward in grid reliability. It doesn't mean that all the work is done.
p2104
aVTHE Dow Jones industrial average has been dancing above and below 11,000. Whether it is to linger on one side or the other may be decided this week when 5 of its 30 constituents report fourth-quarter earnings. Two technology heavyweights, Intel and I.B.M., are scheduled to announce their results on Tuesday, followed by J. P. Morgan Chase the next day. Another banking giant, Citigroup, is on the Friday calendar, along with the world's most highly valued company, General Electric.
p2105
aVOutlining the details of his first major initiative, Christopher Cox, the new head of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said that next week the agency would propose the most extensive overhaul since 1992 of the way companies disclose compensation to senior executives and directors. ''The marketplace for executive compensation has proceeded apace in the intervening decade and a half and the results have been an increasing amount of executive compensation that is escaping disclosure,'' Mr. Cox told a group of reporters over lunch at the agency's headquarters.
p2106
asS'200608'
p2107
(lp2108
VKATRINA INSURANCE RULING A federal judge in Mississippi sided with home insurance companies and ruled that they do not have to pay for the flooding that destroyed tens of thousands of homes in Hurricane Katrina. [C1.] STOCKS RISE ON PRICE DATA Wall Street rallied after a government report showing inflation softening at the wholesale level encouraged hopes among investors that the Federal Reserve may be able to avoid further interest rate increases. [C1.] THE SCIENCE OF BATTERIES In trying to improve the endurance of batteries, scientists cannot overcome some basic hurdles of chemistry and physics. The more energy that is stored in a smaller package, the more volatile and dangerous that package becomes. The volatility of some batteries became clear with Dell's recall of 4.1 million laptop batteries. Dell said the batteries, made by Sony, could catch fire. [C1.] BAE'S GROWTH PLANS BAE, the British military contractor, says it is neither British nor American, but a new breed of military contractor -- a trans-Atlantic supplier. The chief executive has even hinted he might move the company to the United States if he gets more Pentagon business, a goal that is central to his strategy for growth. [C1.] AIR DELAYS CONTINUE Passengers flying out of Heathrow Airport in London endured a sixth day of disruption as airlines weighed the possibility of seeking compensation from the airport operator and the British government, in an attempt to avoid passing costs on to customers. [C8.] AIRPORT OPERATOR CRITICIZED BAA, the British airport operator, faced continued criticism for its handling of new security procedures, with passengers and airline executives asking why the company did not hire temporary workers to meet the demand for security checks. [C8.] MEDICARE DRUG PREMIUMS Federal officials announced that the average premium for Medicare prescription drug coverage next year would be about $24 a month, which is the same as this year and 40 percent less than originally estimated for 2007. [A12.] TRADE WITH VENEZUELA Even as the talk from Caracas and Washington grows more hostile and the countries seem to be growing ever farther apart, trade between Venezuela and the United States has reached its highest level ever. [A3.] MONSANTO MAKES ACQUISITION Monsanto will acquire the Delta and Pine Land Company, the nation's leading supplier of cotton seeds, in a move that will add to Monsanto's commanding position in the business of biotechnology crops. [C4.] UNAPPROVED PLANT FOUND An unapproved type of genetically engineered grass has been found in the wild in what scientists say could be the first instance in America in which a biotechnology plant has established itself outside a farm. [A13.] JOCKEYING FOR NICKEL MINER The three-way scramble continued among companies trying to acquire Inco, the nickel miner based in Toronto. [C8.] WAL-MART EARNINGS FALL Wal-Mart Stores reported its first decline in quarterly income in 10 years, blaming the financial slip on troubles in foreign markets. [C3.] CHANGES AT PFIZER Less than three weeks after being named Pfizer's chief executive, Jeffrey B. Kindler moved to put his stamp on the drug maker with a wide-ranging executive reorganization. [C3.] EX-CHIEF DECLARED A FUGITIVE The hunt for Jacob Alexander, former chief executive of Comverse, was stepped up after the Federal Bureau of Investigation declared him a fugitive and said agents were seeking his arrest. Mr. Alexander was charged last week with conspiracy to commit securities fraud. [C3.] MAKING THE CASE FOR G.E. Late last month, an array of General Electric executives stood before about 100 analysts and attempted to prove that all of G.E.'s wildly disparate units march to the same tune. In a sense, G.E. was preaching to the choir, with most analysts covering G.E. rating its shares a buy. But investors are not heeding the advice. For more than a year, analysts have predicted that the stock would reach $40 or more. Instead, it has hovered around the mid-30's. [C5.] FOOD SITE WITH ATTITUDE Chow.com, a new food Web site, hopes to inject a hip sensibility into its smorgasbord of recipes, restaurant reviews, party hints, video tutorials and coverage of the marketing and culture of food. All this is aimed at a younger audience than the major food Web sites tend to attract. [F1.] GOOGLE'S WIRELESS PLANS Even as it rolls out a local wireless Internet service in the city where it is based, Google says it has no plans to position itself as a national provider of such services. [C7.] ONLINE ONLINE: DEALBOOK A report on mergers and acquisitions, up-to-the-minute news on Wall Street and a look at the behind-the-scenes maneuvering is at nytimes.com/dealbook. Business Briefing An article on these developments is at nytimes.com/business. STAPLES, THE OFFICE SUPPLIES RETAILER, said that its profit rose 19 percent in the second quarter, driven by market share gains in North America and strong back-to-school sales. Staples said its income rose to $161.2 million, from $135.2 million, a year earlier. Sales rose 12 percent, to $3.88 billion from $3.47 billion. (REUTERS)
p2109
asS'200609'
p2110
(lp2111
sS'200906'
p2112
(lp2113
sS'201212'
p2114
(lp2115
sS'198206'
p2116
(lp2117
VTHE people of General Electric, who since the fall of 1979 have been telling us that they ''bring good things to life,'' will next be using their advertising to supply information on how to buy and maintain their products. Richard Costello, manager of consumer marketing for G.E., said that this new tack was in response to consumers who told research company interviewers that their life was made difficult when they were faced with a myriad of product choices. Seeking out succinct product information to permit wise product selection is especially trying, giving the time constraints of modern living.
p2118
aV* Air Florida confirmed reports that it plans to ground 7 of its 29 jets and lay off hundreds of workers by Labor Day, and said that it also will reduce flights in the United States and Central America. * American Financial Corp., Cincinnati, reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission that, together with others, it held or had the right to acquire 8,235,295 shares of Penn Central Corp., or 26.5 percent of the stock outstanding, up from 24.2 percent. * Asea, a Swedish concern, said it had signed a $350 million contract to build two turn-key high-voltage direct current converter stations for the Intermountain Power Agency of Utah. * Burroughs Corp. of Detroit said it had been awarded a $144.4 million Air Force contract for lease and maintenance of automatic data processing systems.
p2119
aVOnce again, the General Electric Company is going it alone in lobbying Congress on taxes. It opposes the Administration and most of big business on tax leasing. It opposes the Administration's proposal to strengthen the corporate minimum tax, although it has not joined a coalition of 20 companies also opposed. In a move that set tongues wagging in Washington tax circles, G.E. recently retained a high-powered lobbyist and political fund-raiser, J.D. Williams. In all, as Congress searches for ways to raise revenue and shrink future budget deficits, G.E. is living up to its reputation as a special presence in the tax-lobbying arena. ''A lot of companies come and go in the tax fight but G.E. is one that stands out all the time,'' says one of Washington's best-known tax lobbyists, who asked not to be identified.
p2120
aV* Air Vectors Associates, an airplane service company at Stewart Airport in Newburgh, N.Y., filed for protection under Chapter 11 of Federal bankruptcy laws. * American Broadcasting Cos. announced it had signed an eight-year agreement with RCA Corp.'s RCA Americom Communications Inc. for use of RCA's satellite-transmitted audio digital distribution services. * American Motors Corp. said it extended the price cut on 1982 Jeep models for the rest of the model year.
p2121
aV* American General Corp. and NLT Corp. have both been added to Standard & Poor's Corp.'s creditwatch list. * Crystal Oil Co. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for 937,500 common shares being sold by certain shareholders.
p2122
aVWASHINGTON IT is the largest business lobbying group in business-minded America. Secure in its stately headquarters on Lafayette Park, directly opposite the White House, the United States Chamber of Commerce seems impregnable in its new-found power and influence. At a hint from the Chamber, its membership of 250,000 companies, up from 100,000 only a year and a half ago, can deluge Capitol Hill with thousands of letters and tie up the phones in legislators' offices for hours. A word from 1615 H Street on a Congressional race, and a candidate can reportedly wake up with $100,000 in his or her campaign chest. The influence of the Chamber, which has an annual budget of $60 million, goes well beyond Washington. Its weekly television show is broadcast to 90 percent of the country, and its magazine, Nation's Business, has seven million paid subscribers, more than any other business journal. And beginning next October, its new $6 million satellite television network, called the American Business Network, will start beaming five hours a day of pro-business programming to members around the country. But all is not serene in this high temple of capitalism. The Chamber's fast-growing activism - some say partisanship - and its die-hard support of supply-side economics - some say ideological rigidity - have begun to cause trouble among its friends in the business world.
p2123
aVIn the 1940's, the United States Government called on private industry to help build the atom bomb. In a flurry of patriotic zeal, Du Pont, Union Carbide, Monsanto and others built nuclear weapons plants, staffed them and supervised the building of atomic warheads. Many of these relationships between the Government and private defense contractors have endured since World War II because of the strong patriotic gesture they represented. In addition, while the fees paid by the Government to private companies to manage nuclearweapons work have always been low, there were certain commercial advantages to being in on the cutting edge of nuclear power technology. The environment has changed, however. Three Mile Island, spiraling costs and fresh public calls for a nuclear arms freeze have made the nation more tentative toward nuclear power and its promise as a provider of energy and defense. In this new and more critical period, the enthusiasm of companies for running nuclear weapons plants has diminished.
p2124
aVthe ''number-crunchers'' used for such tasks as nuclear weapons research, weather forecasting and oil exploration - the 25-year-old Control Data now shares that field with an offspring, Cray Research Inc., formed a decade ago by Seymour R. Cray, who helped found Control Data. Control Data stands midway in the cluster of makers of mainframe computers that trail behind the International Business Machines Corporation. It is also a force, but not the only force, in the substantial market for peripheral equipment - especially disk memory and printers sold to other computer companies. Control Data has more than 60 percent of that market. A sluggish first quarter has turned the company's attention to its immediate concerns, as recent announcements of plant closings and large-scale layoffs indicate. With other peripherals makers chipping at its lead, Control Data is paring inventories, repackaging products and -more fundamentally - looking to computer services to safeguard its future.
p2125
aVAEG-Telefunken workers rebuffed the ailing electrical company's plan for making AEG a holding company and selling shares to outside parties and instead urged the Government to take a direct shareholders' position. The workers objected in particular to plans for General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain to buy a 40 percent stake in a new subsidiary, AEG-Technik, that would embrace the profitable information technology, communications and turbines businesses.
p2126
aVThe General Electric Company announced a national toll-free information service to give consumers information on where to buy G.E. products and how to repair them. The service, on telephone number 800-626-2000, uses 70 operators and a computer and will cost $3.5 million in its first year, company officials said. It is the result of a G.E. survey in which consumers indicated they needed more information about the company's products.
p2127
asS'198207'
p2128
(lp2129
VThe General Electric Company, one of the first major companies to report results for the second quarter of 1982, said that net income in the period rose 6.7 percent despite a 4.7 percent decline in sales. Analysts termed the gain outstanding in view of the recessiondepressed results reported by many corporate giants in recent quarters. G.E., a diversified high-technology company and the nation's biggest producer of electrical products, said that net income in the latest three months rose to $465 million, or $2.05 a share, from $436 million, or $1.92 a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier. Sales dropped to $6.63 billion from $6.96 billion.
p2130
aV* Air Florida confirmed reports that it plans to ground 7 of its 29 jets and lay off hundreds of workers by Labor Day, and said that it also will reduce flights in the United States and Central America. * American Financial Corp., Cincinnati, reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission that, together with others, it held or had the right to acquire 8,235,295 shares of Penn Central Corp., or 26.5 percent of the stock outstanding, up from 24.2 percent. * Asea, a Swedish concern, said it had signed a $350 million contract to build two turn-key high-voltage direct current converter stations for the Intermountain Power Agency of Utah. * Burroughs Corp. of Detroit said it had been awarded a $144.4 million Air Force contract for lease and maintenance of automatic data processing systems.
p2131
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C. proposes to split its existing 25-pence ordinary shares into five new shares of 5 pence nominal value, a company statement said today. A circular giving full details of the proposed split will be issued Aug. 5.
p2132
aVThe Westinghouse Corporation announced yesterday that net income in the second quarter fell 1.3 percent, while revenues edged up 3.8 percent. Citing weak economic conditions, the nation's second-largest producer of electrical equipment after the General Electric Company said that earnings in the latest three months slipped to $110.4 million, or $1.28 a share, from $111.8 million, or $1.31 a share, in the corresponding quarter a year ago. Revenues increased to $2.47 billion, from $2.38 billion. For the first six months of this year, earnings of the Pittsburghbased concern rose 2 percent, to $234.8 million, or $2.72 a share, from $230.3 million, or $2.69 a share, in the first six months of 1981. Revenues increased 5.5 percent, to $4.81 billion, from $4.56 billion.
p2133
aV* American Cyanamid Co. announced it was withdrawing from certain pigments and rubber chemicals businesses, an action that will affect approximately 500 employees at its Bridgewater, N.J., plant. * Black & Decker Manufacturing Co. of Towson, Md., said the U.S. Court of Appeals had affirmed its ''Workmate'' workbench patents in a case brought against Sears, Roebuck & Co. * Canada Cement Lafarge Ltd., a Montreal company, said it planned to close the prestressed concrete division of its Francon operating unit.
p2134
aV* American Home Finance Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a shelf registration covering up to $100 million of G.N.M.A.-collateralized bonds, to be underwritten by Dain Bosworth Inc. * Champion International Corp. filed a $100 million offering of three-year extendable notes, to be made by an underwriting group headed by Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Salomon Brothers. * Export Development Corp.'s $150 million issue of 14 3/8 percent notes due in 1987 was priced at 99.80 to yield 14.428 percent by underwriters led by Salomon Brothers.
p2135
aVWorld Airways Inc., which had been a pioneer in offering discount fares, said yesterday that its creditors had agreed to defer about $14 million of debt and lease payments coming due between now and next June, thus staving off a shutdown. But the airline, which lost $13.3 million in its first quarter and $20.2 million last year, faces the possibility of another major financial burden in October. At that time, World has said that it will terminate a lease on two Boeing 747's that was due to expire in 1989.
p2136
aVThe United Technologies Corporation reported yesterday that an extraordinary gain of $40 mildion caused earnings in the second quarter to rise 18.6 percent as sales slipped 1.4 percent. The tax-free gain resulted from an exchange of 1.92 million shares of United Technologies common stock and cash for about $165 million of its debentures. Excluding the extraordinary gain, net income in the latest three months would have been 14.3 percent lower, to $105.3 million from $122.8 million. The Hartford, Conn., company said that net income in the latest three months advanced to $145.6 million, or $2.45 a share, including 77 cents from the extraordinary gain and based on 52.3 million shares outstanding. In the second quarter of 1981, net income amounted to $122.8 million, or $2.08 a share, based on 49.4 million shares outstanding. Sales in the second quarter fell, to $3.51 billion from $3.56 billion.
p2137
aVNorman J. Nichol has not wasted any time in setting goals for the A.B. Dick Company, a supplier of information processing systems, office duplicators and printing systems. Mr. Nichol, 38, took over as president and chief executive officer of the Chicago-based subsidiary of the General Electric Company of Britain a month ago. He succeeded Geoffrey R. Cross, who resigned in March to pursue personal business ventures. (British G.E. is not connected with the General Electric Company in the United States.)
p2138
aVAlsthom-Atlantique, a diversified French heavy engineering company, is Europe's largest manufacturer of turbines. The company - formed in 1976 by the merger of Alsthom, a producer of turbines and electric power generating equipment, with Chantiers de l'Atlantique, a big French shipbuilder - is considered to be the only company in Europe with the necessary licenses, expertise and industrial capacity to build turbines of the kind to be used in compressor stations along the new Soviet gas pipeline. Although West Germany's AEG-Telefunken, Italy's Nuovo Pignone and Britain's John Brown Engineering are supplying compressor stations for the pipeline, they need to import rotors for the turbines from the General Electric Company in the United States.
p2139
asS'198204'
p2140
(lp2141
VThe chairman of the General Electric Company told shareholders that one of the company's biggest opportunities would be in the area of factory automation. He described this as a "$20 billion to $30 billion mega-market that we see ahead for reindustrializing America." John F. Welch Jr., the chairman, also said that the country's diversification would help its financial performance in the future.
p2142
aVThe Electric Boat division, a unit of the General Dynamics Corporation, said in its annual report released today that it lost $12.6 million last year.
p2143
aVFor Marva Eaves, the 15-minute walk to work is part of what she likes about her job as an assembler of high-fidelity equipment at United Sounds of America. It is also nice that she can walk to work with her oldest son, Johnny. Mrs. Eaves is a skilled electronics worker, and had seven years of experience at a General Electric plant in Virginia before she came to Baltimore last August. But her 25-year-old son was out of work when he was hired at United Sounds.
p2144
aVThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that the diversity of its product line helped lift net income in the first quarter of 1981 by 5 percent, although revenues slipped 1.2 percent. General Electric, the nation's largest manufacturer of electrical equipment, said that net income in the latest three months increased to $377 million, or $1.66 a share, from $359 million, or $1.57 a share, in the first quarter of 1981. Sales dipped to $6.02 billion from $6.09 billion.
p2145
aV* Amarex Inc. said it had agreed in principle to acquire Vanderbilt Energy Corp. of Denver through an exchange of stock with an indicated value of $19 million. * American Standard Inc. said it would permanently close its Torrance, Calif., pottery plant on April 30.
p2146
aV* AeroMech Airlines, based in West Virginia, said the Civil Aeronautics Board had designated it a small regional airline, replacing its former status as a commuter airline. * Allegheny Beverage Corp. made a formal demand on Wickes Cos. to permit inspection by Allegheny of Wickes books and records. As one of the largest shareholders in Wickes, Allegheny said it required access to the Wickes documents in order to evaluate its investment position properly and to investigate the feasibility of providing loan assitance to Wickes.
p2147
aVFollowing the acquisition of about 95 percent of Financial General Bankshares Inc. by a group of Arab investors, its reorganized board of directors elected new officers to the top three positions yesterday. Robert G. Stevens, a 51-year-old banker, was appointed president and chief executive officer, while two national political figures - Clark M. Clifford, 75, and Stuart Symington, 80 - were named chairman and vice chairman, respectively. The group that purchased control of the Washington-based multistate bank holding company acquired its shares through the FGB Holding Corporation, a unit of Credit and Commerce American Holdings N.V. of the Netherlands Antilles. Its three principal investors are Kamal Ibrahim Adham, former director of the Saudi Arabian intelligence agency; Faisal Saud al-Fulaij, former president of Kuwait Airlines, and Abdullah Darwaish, who runs the financial affairs of the royal family of Abu Dhabi. The group's tender offer to acquire the remaining shares at $33.80 a share has been extended to next Monday.
p2148
aVThree major computer companies reported higher quarterly earnings yesterday, with one, the Tandy Corporation, the nation's largest manufacturer of personal computers, reporting a gain of 30.1 percent. The two others, Honeywell Inc. and the NCR Corporation, reported earnings gains of 6.1 percent and 10.9 percent, respectively, compared with the quarter a year ago.
p2149
aVLike many of the new generation of chief executives, Richard M. Bressler starred first as a financial specialist and then took the reins as a division head and a corporate planner before reaching the top. That training, in three companies, is now being put to the test. Nearly two years ago, Mr. Bressler moved from a high-level oil industry job to head Burlington Northern Inc., a 29-state railroad that for years had been plagued by an awkward management structure that resulted in lagging profits and a failure to take advantage of the company's natural resources. By introducing new financial goals, filling some key positions with outsiders and focusing more on natural resources, Mr. Bressler has eased some problems and moved Burlington onto a markedly different track. Following a billion-dollar spending program undertaken by his predecessors to cash in on the Western coal-hauling boom, the 51-year-old chairman and chief executive officer dropped 660 miles of idle rural track, along with outmoded depots and maintenance yards.
p2150
aVLast week, Travers J. Bell Jr., chairman and founder of the only black-owned New York Stock Exchange member firm, lost in his attempt to take control of the Freedom National Bank, the only black-owned commercial bank in New York. Mr. Bell, who is 42 years old, vows to continue the battle, but even if he fails, Mr. Bell is building a growing financial empire that stretches from Brooklyn to Africa. Back in 1971, Mr. Bell formed Daniels & Bell Inc. with $175,000 in capital. (Willie E. Daniels, the firm's co-founder left the company several years ago to go into the restaurant business.) Daniels & Bell now has about $2 million in capital and will earn in excess of $2 million in the fiscal year ending April 30, according to Mr. Bell. With 15 employees - including three floor traders - Mr. Bell claims 300 retail clients and an equal number of institutional clients, among them Exxon, Chase Manhattan, General Electric and Levi Strauss. And, the firm has created a niche for itself by underwriting securities of emerging minority businesses and participating in large distribution syndicates formed by other investment banks.
p2151
asS'198205'
p2152
(lp2153
VFor Marva Eaves, the 15-minute walk to work is part of what she likes about her job as an assembler of high-fidelity equipment at United Sounds of America. It is also nice that she can walk to work with her oldest son, Johnny. Mrs. Eaves is a skilled electronics worker, and had seven years of experience at a General Electric plant in Virginia before she came to Baltimore last August. But her 25-year-old son was out of work when he was hired at United Sounds.
p2154
aV* Crown Zellerbach's senior debt and publicly rated I.R.B.'s have been rated BBB by Standard & Poor's, down from an earlier A rating. * Florida Power and Light Co. is offering 3 million shares of common stock at $32.50 a share, to be sold through a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Group.
p2155
aV* Aetna Life and Casualty Co. said it had signed a definitive agreement for its proposed acquisition of Geosource Inc. * Argo Petroleum Corp. said that a holder had acquired nearly 5 percent of its common stock outstanding and that the company was holding discussions with the holder's representatives about his intentions. * Benchcraft Holdings Inc., a newly formed company owned by the partners of the Jordan Company and the senior management of Benchcraft Inc., has acquired the assets and business of Benchcraft Inc. Terms were not disclosed.
p2156
aV* Allied Stores Corp.'s $175 million of 6 percent notes due in 1992 are offered by Goldman, Sachs & Company at 56.741 to yield 14.25 percent. * Arizona Public Service Co. offered 2 million shares of $3.58 cumulative preferred stock at a price of $25 a share, plus accrued dividends, to be sold through a Dean Witter group.
p2157
aV* AM International Inc. announced that creditors of its Canadian unit had agreed to continue regular operations while it works out a plan of payment, in accordance with the provisions of the Canadian Bankruptcy Act. * Bohemia Inc. said it had been awarded a $3,391,849 Army Corps of Engineers contract for a jetty project in Oregon. * Celanese Corp. said that its Fiber Industries unit would permanently close down 200 million pounds of polyester filament yarn spinning capacity at its Shelby, N.C., and Greenville, S.C., plants, as of Aug.1.
p2158
aNaVMR. ROCKEFELLER was right. Although we pay homage to Jeffersonian democracy, Americans have built an economy that relies on goliaths to get the job done. And the biggest of all is Exxon, the most prominent descendant of the vast empire that John D. Rockefeller, who made no bones about the end of individualism, put together piece by piece. The Exxon Corporation, the world's largest industrial company, shuffles billions of dollars like pocket change. Its decisions shape nations and shake governments. Consider the Colony project, a $5 billion oil shale development in the Colorado high plains. Until a week ago, it was the centerpiece of United States involvement in synthetic fuel; it was also an undertaking where Exxon, paying its own way, was a kind of equal partner with Washington, to whom lesser companies looked for financial help. Last weekend, Exxon withdrew from the venture, and last week, 2,000 workers got their last paychecks; 1,000 more were on their way out. A new town died and, practically unnoticed, a $100 million pipeline project to ship the shale oil was shelved.
p2159
aVThe board of directors of the General Electric Company have raised the quarterly dividend 5 cents a common share, to 85 cents, payable July 26 to shareholders of record June 9. The increase raised the annual dividend to $3.40 from $3.20.
p2160
aVThe Raytheon Company has been awarded a $379.3 million contract by the Army for various line items for Patriot weapons system production in the fiscal year 1982, the Defense Department said last week. The department also said that the McDonnell Douglas Astronautics Company had been awarded a $302 million Army contract for a 10-month extension of the Sentry program related to missile defense of landbased MX and Minuteman ICBM forces. In other contracts, the department awarded the Ford Aerospace and Communications Corporation $317.4 million for 50 air defense launching systems, trainers, ammunition and industrial facilities; the AM General Corporaiton, $198.7 million for contracts for trucks, and the General Electric Company, $131.5 million, for Navy sonar equipment.
p2161
aV* Allied Corp. has named Lawrence S. Daniels senior vice president, planning and administration, for its Health and Scientific Products Company. * AM International Inc. has elected to its board Merle H. Banta, president of Leisure Group Inc., and Barry Zuckerman, president of Elliott & Page Ltd. and vice president of HCI Holdings Ltd., Toronto.
p2162
asS'198202'
p2163
(lp2164
NaVThe Lionel Corporation, a diversified producer and retailer of electronics equipment and toys, announced yesterday that it and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Lionel Leisure Inc. and the Consolidated Toy Company, had filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. The company previously reported that it expected to report a loss for the year ended Dec.31, 1981, because of a disappointing Christmas selling season in its toy supermarket operations and high interest expenses. In the first nine months of 1981, Lionel lost $12 million on revenues of $166.9 million. In the corresponding period in 1980 the company lost $4.4 million on sales of $129.2 million. Earlier this month, Lionel omitted its regular quarterly dividend of 5 cents.
p2165
aVVictor Kiam 2d, the chief executive officer of Remington Products Inc., has gone to court to challenge his largest competitor in the men's electric shaver market, the North American Philips Corporation. Mr. Kiam, star of his own commercials and widely credited with Remington's recent success, is charging antitrust violations in the second legal entanglement between the two companies in less than 36 months. He paid $25 million for the company in 1979, relieving the Sperry Corporation of a subsidiary that had lost $30 million over five years, and proceeded to double its domestic market share, to more than 40 percent. Last year, Remington had sales of about $100 million.
p2166
aVPan American World Airways, which has been losing about $1 million a day, has a chance to break even and perhaps report an operating profit this year, C. Edward Acker, chairman and chief executive officer, predicted yesterday. Mr. Acker said that the recovery depended on getting further concessions from the union that would enable the airline to expand and on a modest upturn in air travel later this year. Mr. Acker, meeting with a group of financial reporters at the cafeteria in the W.R. Grace Building here, also predicted that the company, which has highly seasonal earnings, would have an operating profit in the third quarter, even if the current severely depressed traffic declined an additional 5 percent.
p2167
aVAIRLINES Continental Air Lines Inc. $ 289,100 +30 [ 13,400) ... Delta Air Lines 894,600 + 4 8,536 -81 Eastern Air Lines Inc. 892,600 0 (26,700) ... Northwest Airlines Inc. 437,227 + 5 (3,095) ... Pan American World Airways 913,100 0 (82,700) ... Trans World Corp. 1,236,536 0 9,191 -38 Western Air Lines Inc. 233,200 - 8 (52,100) ... APPLIANCES Singer Co. $ 684,000 - 5 $ 3,000 -77 Whirlpool Corp. 466,618 -15 17,283 -50 Zenith Radio Corp. 352,500 + 6 1,500 -77 AUTOMOBILES American Motors Corp. $ 621,000 6 $ (47,200) ... Ford Motor Co. 9,010,000 -12 (346,000) ... General Motors Corp.15,642,000 - 3 97,000 +56 AUTOMOTIVE EQUIPMENT Bendix Corp.$1,048,850 - 5 $ 43,647 + 1 Eaton Corp. 764,600 - 1 20,300 - 7 International Harvester(3) 1,040,000 -33 (299,400) ... Paccar Inc. 419,764 + 6 1,217 -45 BEVERAGES Anheuser-Busch Companies $ 935,048 +17 $ 43,878 +25 Heublein Inc. 587,455 + 4 29,265 +11 PepsiCo Inc. 2,166,697 +14 91,402 +51 (Jos.) Schlitz Brewing Co. 206,130 - 5 1,217 -45 BUILDING AND FOREST PRODUCTS Boise Cascade Corp. $ 728,290 -10 $ 37,240 - 14 Champion International 928,988 - 3 750 - 97 Crown Zellerbach Corp. 769,000 - 2 29,200 - 17 Evans Products Co. 364,640 + 2 5,868 - 45 GAF Corp. 144,194 -16 3,071 * Georgia Pacific Corp. 1,222,000 - 7 22,000 - 68 Great Northern Nekoosa 365,200 + 6 24,000 + 2 International Paper Co. 1,019,800 -20 239,600 +210 Mead Corp. 711,533 + 4 17,192 - 41 Owens-Corning Fiberglas 598,004 - 4 9,696 - 61 Sherwin-Williams Co. 430,490 +45 398 - 89 St. Regis Paper Co. 654,953 - 9 33,782 - 11 Scott Paper Co. 598,357 +14 48,807 + 40 Union Camp Corp. 373,867 - 5 35,647 - 12 United Gypsum Co. 346,629 - 9 21,597 - 15 Jim Walter Corp. 526,350 + 3 3,399 - 82 Westvaco Corp. (1) 401,274 + 7 30,786 + 15 Weyerhaeuser Co. 1,123,540 + 1 46,393 + 27 CHEMICALS Air Products and Chemicals $ 373,550 + 2 $ 96,499 +199 Allied Corp. 1,696,000 + 17 59,000 - 28 American Cyanamid Co. 927,100 + 1 48,400 0 Celanese Corp. 884,000 - 3 35,000 - 10 Diamond Shamrock Corp. 872,548 + 3 59,733 + 9 Dow Chemical Co. 2,985,000 + 8 66,500 - 73 Dupont Co. 8,437,000 +139 328,000 + 61 Ethyl Corp. 430,328 0 23,851 - 3 W.R. Grace & Co. 1,759,337 + 3 81,721 + 20 Hercules Inc. 649,000 + 3 16,028 - 48 Int.
p2168
aVIn the late 1970's, when videotape recorder sales began rising throughout the world, two Japanese companies saw an opening. Where there are recorders, the reasoning went, there will be tapes. And while the Fuji Photo Film Company was probably the first to begin production of videotape cassettes for retail sale, it did not remain the largest producer. The TDK Electronics Corporation, which had been making audio tapes since the early 1950's, quickly eclipsed its rival, assuming a lead it has held ever since. Today, the company is the world's largest producer of videotape cassettes, supplying as much as 35 percent of overall world demand.
p2169
aV''NO BACKWARD STEP!'' The battle cry, coined by John L. Lewis in the 1920's to rally his coal-smudged army of union miners against pay cuts, epitomizes the adversarial spirit that has characterized the approach of both labor and management at most bargaining tables since then. Now, under the impact of the recession, foreign competition and signs of rigor mortis in some key industries, many unions are taking a less belligerent tack and finding their employers ready to join in accommodations that entail significant surrender of prerogatives on both sides. It is far too early to forecast that the more conciliatory mood will be either widespread or permanent, but it already embraces unions and companies that have been traditional pattern setters in industrial relations. ''We've all become Japanese in recognizing that we can no longer afford the luxury of business as usual,'' Ray Marshall, Secretary of Labor in the Carter Administration, said. In return for wage freezes, deferral of benefits and relaxation of restrictive work rules, management has given unions in distressed industries guarantees against plant closings, consultative rights on capital outlays and other investment plans, access to confidential data on costs and competition and expanded employee participation in decision-maki ng on plant and production prob lems.
p2170
aVThe General Electric Credit Corporation pl ans its second zero-coupon Eurobond issue in about two weeks, Mo rgan Stanley International said here today. The issue will have a pa r value of $600 million, and the company will get about $108 mi llion. The issue is in two parts - $200 million 12-year maturity, pr iced at 19.75 to yield 14.47 percent, and $400 million 13-year ma turity, priced at 17.25 to yield the same.
p2171
aV* Alfa Romeo Inc., Englewood Cliffs, N.J., has named Luigi Zucchet executive vice president. * Apache Corporation, Minneapolis, has elected to its board Robert V. Gisselbeck, a real estate developer. * Bangor Punta Corporation, Greenwich, Conn., has appointed Joseph R. Ferrara senior vice president of operations at its Smith & Wesson division.
p2172
aVThe Bethlehem Steel Corporation has established a new business unit, the Bethlehem Supply divison, to provide products and services to the oilfield industry, and it has hired James M. Gordon Jr., 51, as its president. The division - which emerged from Bethlehem's longexisting activities in such products as pipe and pumping units - will be based in Tulsa, Okla., and will join five other separate corporate operations formed in recent months. ''Right now everybody knows that the industry is in a little bit of a lull,'' said Mr. Gordon, who will join Bethlehem on March 8. ''I perceive it as a temporary thing brought on by the major operators' developing their drilling programs for 1982. They had a gigantic 1981. The industry has an opportunity to grow at a rate of 10 to 15 percent this year, which is much greater than the anticipated growth rate of the economy in general.''
p2173
asS'198203'
p2174
(lp2175
VNO thought is being given now to liquidating the Wrather Corporation although a decade ago the company was considering winding up its affairs. That was the word from a Wrather executive yesterday in response to an inquiry concerning recent strength in the company's shares. The common stock has risen on rumors that this corporate owner of hotel and television properties might realign its operations if its recently hospitalized chairman, Jack Wrather, were to slow down. Wrather rose 5/8 in Friday's trading on the American Stock Exchange, and yesterday it closed at the day's high of 25 1/2, up 1 1/4 more, to become one of the few stocks to set a 12-month high in the current bear market. Mr. Wrather, who controls more than 40 percent of the shares, has always dominated the company's operations.
p2176
aVOil companies continued to dominate a list of the nation's 25 largest nonfinancial concerns in 1981 in terms of revenues, but profits of the big biggest petroleum producers were lower across a broad front as a worldwide oversupply kept a lid on oil prices. Revenues of the top 25 concerns were held to an average advance of only 13.4 percent, as inflation, the depressed economy and high interest rates combined to keep consumers on the sidelines. A strong dollar abroad also took a toll on earnings. The Exxon Corporation, which moved into the No.1 slot in 1978, easily held its position as the nation's biggest company, with revenues of nearly $115 billion. However, the double-digit percentage increases in revenues previously rung up by the major oil producers appear to be fading fast.
p2177
aVIn the late 1970's, when videotape recorder sales began rising throughout the world, two Japanese companies saw an opening. Where there are recorders, the reasoning went, there will be tapes. And while the Fuji Photo Film Company was probably the first to begin production of videotape cassettes for retail sale, it did not remain the largest producer. The TDK Electronics Corporation, which had been making audio tapes since the early 1950's, quickly eclipsed its rival, assuming a lead it has held ever since. Today, the company is the world's largest producer of videotape cassettes, supplying as much as 35 percent of overall world demand.
p2178
aVWHEN Morgan Stanley & Company, the most prestigious of investment banks, looks to its roots, it sees the industrial financier J. Pierpont Morgan, whose own American ancestry dates to 1636. An offspring of the House of Morgan, Morgan Stanley has grown rich as the banker to blue chip corporate America, with a client list that is the envy of Wall Street. It earns a 20 percent after-tax return on equity. Each year, it either leads or is in the top tier of the numerous lists that rank Wall Street firms. In 1981, it appeared as lead manager on $11.76 billion worth of corporate stock and bond issues, taking the No. 1 slot by that measure for the third consecutive year. Its clients, including 15 to 20 of the nation's 50 largest companies, carry names like American Telephone, General Electric, Exxon and Du Pont. But the world of Wall Street is changing, in ways that could threaten to crack Morgan's noble walls. New regulations, primarily the Securities and Exchange Commission's Rule 415, which allows corporations to sell securities directly to investors, pose a threat. Upstart competitors are hunting among Morgan's clients; Morgan has even bent its rule on being sole manager of corporate industrial issues. A retail distribution network, which Morgan lacks, is considered by many the key to growth.
p2179
aVAlthough the International Business Machines Corporation prides itself on leading the way in the computer industry, it is following a path well trodden by others to enter the field of robotics. The licensing agreement I.B.M. announced last week to use a robot designed by Sankyo Seiki, one of Japan's least-known and financially weaker robot manufacturers, recalls similar agreements that helped many companies get started in this business before they had a robot on hand.
p2180
aVTaking a cue from Japan's giant trading companies, such as Mitsui and Mitsubishi, the General Electric Company said yesterday that it would form a trading company to market some of its products, as well as those of other American companies, around the world. George J. Stathakis, G.E.'s general manager of international trading operations, will take on the additional responsibilities of president and chief executive of the new General Electric Trading Company. ''We think there's going to be a stronger and stronger need for the U.S. companies to export,'' said Mr. Stathakis, a mechanical engineer who has been with G.E. for his entire 29-year career.
p2181
aV* Ensearch Corp. said it had filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to offer $100 million in sinking fund debentures due 2007, to be sold through a Goldman, Sachs & Co. group. * General Telephone Company of the Southeast is offering $55 million of 15 1/4 percent series AA first-mortgage bonds, due 1992, at a price of 99.50 percent, to yield 15.35 percent, to be sold through a Blyth Eastman Paine Webber group.
p2182
aV* Alfa Romeo Inc., Englewood Cliffs, N.J., has named Luigi Zucchet executive vice president. * Apache Corporation, Minneapolis, has elected to its board Robert V. Gisselbeck, a real estate developer. * Bangor Punta Corporation, Greenwich, Conn., has appointed Joseph R. Ferrara senior vice president of operations at its Smith & Wesson division.
p2183
aVThe General Electric Company yesterday introduced a data transfer network intended to allow communication between computers and automated factory equipment. If the system performs as G.E. expects and is widely adopted, it would represent a major development in the drive to improve manufacturing productivity through automation. Sharing information through such a network should increase the productivity of automated equipment. For instance, it would become possible to use data developed when a computer designs a new part to quickly program the machines that will make the part.
p2184
aV* Bank of New York as elected William H. Von Barden, Charles Diccianni, Colleen M. Frey, Matthew E. Gately 3d, Joseph C hatfield 2d, Terrence J. Lee, Matthew J. McDonald Jr., Henry M Milkewicz and David J. Tuccillo vice presidents. * Burroughs Corp., Detroit, has elected Leon J Level corporate vice president and treasurer. * City Stores Co. has appointed Howard P. Goodman Treasurer and chief financial officer of the company,and William F. Hamersma president of the Allied Collection Bureau subsidiary.
p2185
asS'198201'
p2186
(lp2187
NaVT HE restructuring of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company will require certain dramatic changes in the direction, style and business philosophy of all of A.T.& T.'s subsidiaries. But of all Ma Bell's children, probably none faces more of a transformation - and risks and opportunities - than Western Electric. For more than 100 years, Western's ''sole mission in life,'' in its own words, has been to manufacture or buy almost all of the telecommunications equipment used by the 22 local Bell operating subsidiaries - everything from the paper clips for their offices to the software for their computers. But the settlement announced Jan. 8 of the Justice Department's seven-year-old antitrust suit against A.T.& T. means that Western, itself an industrial colossus as big as the United States Steel Company, must remold itself. A.T.& T. will have to shed its 22 local telephone company subsidiaries, with whom Western did the lion's share of its business. The settlement permits A.T.& T. to retain Western, the Bell Telephone Laboratories, which provide the innovations for most of Western's products, and its Long Lines long-distance network. In return for the divestiture, the Government not only a greed to drop the suit against A.T.& T., but also to eliminate all restrictions upon its entry into the computer-telecommunications field.
p2188
aVThe General Electric Company said today that it had been informed by the Commerce Department that parts it was to have shipped to Europe for use on the Siberian gas pipeline would not be given export licenses. G.E. said that it had informed the three European purchasers of the parts that they would not be shipped.
p2189
aVThe Michigan Supreme Court today freed the state's two major electric utilities to auction more than $2.6 billion in securities, rejecting arguments by Frank Kelley, Michigan's Attorney General, and the Michigan Citizens Lobby that the sales are unnecessarily expensive and unjustified. The Detroit Edison Company had asked to sell $2 billion worth of stocks and bonds to pay for final construction of a coal-fired plant and a nuclear generator. The Consumers Power Company wants to sell $625 million in securities to finance a nuclear power plant.
p2190
aVThe General Electric Company, the nation's largest supplier of electrical equipment, yesterday reported a modest gain in earnings and sales for the fourth quarter of 1981. The Westinghouse Electric Corporation, the second-largest supplier, showed a slight profit decline and a small advance in sales for the same period. General Electric attributed its improved results to higher sales and profits in most of its operations. Westinghouse said its fourthquarter weakness was caused by the completion of its acquisition of the Teleprompter Corporation, which reduced the quarter's earnings by 13 cents a share.
p2191
aVWHEN an ad agency gets a new product assignment, one of the first things it does when preparing to write advertising is seek out the product difference, the quality that sets it apart. But try to name an agency that has positioned itself so that it has a promotable difference. Hard, isn't it? The first that comes to mind, of course, is Ted Bates with its well-publicized selling tool, USP, for unique selling proposition. There is Doyle Dane Bernbach with its creativity, Ogilvy & Mather with its creation of images for clients like Schweppes and Hathaway shirts, and J. Walter Thompson with its bigness.
p2192
aVSixty years ago Paul D. Cravath, the patriarch of one of Wall Street's most prestigious law firms, described the qualities he looked for in the young men he hired. ''Brilliant intellectual powers are not essential,'' he told an audience of Harvard Law School students. ''Too much imagination, too much wit, too great cleverness, too facile fluency, if not leavened by a sound sense of proportion, are quite as likely to impede success as to promote it. The best clients are apt to be afraid of those qualities.'' Cravath, Swaine & Moore has loosened and livened up considerably since then. But for the International Business Machines Corporation, represented by Cravath for 13 tortuous years, the attractions of the firm remain the same. The traits that Paul Cravath cherished - industry, precision, patience and perseverance -were responsible, they say, for the dismissal of the Government's case against them and their vindication in courts throughout the country.
p2193
aVThe General Electric Company and two Mitsui Industrial Group companies have agreed to establish a joint venture in March to manufacture and market engineering plastic, the companies announced.
p2194
aVThe General Electric Company said that it would lay off up to 1,700 production workers at its Appliance Park manufacturing complex here on Feb. 8.
p2195
aVThe General Electric Company said ithad agreed to participate with the McDonnell Douglas Corporation and European financial institutions in the financ ial restructuring of Laker Airways. G.E. said details of its parti cipation ar e still beingworked out. G.E. said it does not anticipate making a dire ct injection of cash to laker or assuming an equity position in the company. No other details were immediately available.
p2196
asS'201211'
p2197
(lp2198
sS'200511'
p2199
(lp2200
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it was selling its troubled reinsurance business for $6.8 billion to Swiss Re, which will become the largest company in the world selling insurance to insurance companies. The insurance business has been ''a tough strategic fit for G.E.,'' said Jeffrey R. Immelt, the company's chief executive, who wants to focus on faster-growing sectors. Over the last five years, he said, G.E.'s main insurance unit has lost $700 million and required the infusion of $3.2 billion.
p2201
aVThe General Electric Company said on Wednesday that it planned to sell 38 million Class A common shares of the life and mortgage insurance company Genworth Financial, reducing its stake to 20 percent. General Electric said the offering would be Thursday, with the price to be set after the close of trading on that day.
p2202
aVFrom Mazda's car that promises to use hydrogen to run a rotary engine to a General Motors sports utility vehicle powered by fuel cells, carmakers are competing at the Tokyo Motor Show to send car buyers a message: They have learned the lessons of the Prius. But while Toyota has clearly hit a car industry nerve with the Prius, its gasoline-electric hybrid, Toyota's influence goes only so far. As one automaker after another made clear at the auto show, which runs through Nov. 6, Toyota is not setting a universal standard for new technologies. It may be setting the pace, but mostly what it has shown is that high gasoline prices have made buyers more open-minded to alternatives.
p2203
aVA few years ago, scientists at Cargill Inc. learned how to make rigid, transparent plastics from corn sugars. There was just one problem: they cost a lot more than the oil-based plastics they would replace. But that was before the price of oil shot up and companies came under pressure from consumers and investors to find economically sound ways to adopt ''green'' packaging and other environmentally friendly products and processes. This year, Wal-Mart, Wild Oats Market and many other retailers, as well as food suppliers like Del Monte and Newman's Own Organics, all embraced corn-based packaging for fresh produce.
p2204
aVGeneral Motors, the world's largest auto company, announced details on Monday of a three-year blueprint to revive its fortunes, including 5,000 job cuts on top of 25,000 previously announced. Analysts immediately questioned whether the plan was enough, saying it lacked the speed and breadth that had helped rivals make comebacks. Rick Wagoner, G.M.'s chief executive, said the jobs cuts along with plant closings were ''necessary for G.M. to get its costs in line with our major global competitors.''
p2205
aVSTAND among the pumpkins and purple mums in the gravel parking lot of Anna's Garden and Gift Center and you can glimpse beyond the trees a ghost that haunts the nuclear power industry. There hulk the twin cooling towers of Three Mile Island Unit 2, the nuclear reactor that had a partial meltdown in 1979. That event, paired with the Chernobyl explosion in Ukraine in 1986, halted the growth of the American nuclear power industry for a generation. No new plant has been ordered in the United States since the Three Mile Island accident. But existing plants have kept operating: the United States has 104 reactors, which make a fifth of its power.
p2206
aVNet income at the Toyota Motor Corporation, the world's No. 2 car company after General Motors, rose 2.1 percent in the most recent quarter on strong sales and a favorable foreign exchange rate, the company said Friday. Operating income, however, fell 3.2 percent as Toyota increased capital spending by 50 percent to build new factories to meet robust demand for its vehicles.
p2207
aVYou would never guess that Jon Spallino drives what is probably the most expensive car in this city known for automotive excess. Or that he is the world's most technologically advanced commuter. ''When the cars pull up to me, the Porsches and the Bentleys and all that, I just sort of say, well, that's nice, but for what this costs I could buy 10 of those,'' said Mr. Spallino, while driving up Interstate 405, the freeway from his office in Irvine toward his home in Redondo Beach.
p2208
aVA late rebound gave Wall Street modest gains yesterday as two acquisitions and upbeat earnings from Hewlett-Packard helped lift some major market indexes to four-year highs. The indexes had their fourth consecutive winning week. Lower oil prices also helped stocks, easing worries about consumer spending ahead of the holiday shopping season. But many analysts remain split over whether the market will have its usual year-end rally, and trading has become erratic as mixed economic and earnings data leave investors wondering about the economy's health.
p2209
aVLouis A. deBottari, a 78-year-old retired aerospace worker with ample drug coverage in his health plan, recently opened an envelope from Boeing, hoping to be reassured. The notice, sent to about 100,000 Boeing retirees and their dependents, discussed the new Medicare drug insurance program that begins in January and what it means for retirees already covered by the company's health plan.
p2210
asS'198208'
p2211
(lp2212
VJack D. Sparks, who has spent his business career with the Whirlpool Corporation since he joined it in 1940, has been named chairman and chief executive officer effective Dec. 1. Mr. Sparks, 59 years old, will succeed John H. Platts, who has served as chairman since 1971 and who will reach the retirement age of 65 in November.
p2213
aV* Atlantic Richfield Co. said it had sued Energy Cooperative Inc. to recover $40.7 million that it says is overdue from the sale of a refinery to Energy Cooperative in 1976. * Atlas Mining and Development Corp. of the Philippines said it had reached agreements with Bank of America and Chase Manhattan Bank for the restructuring of a $73 million syndicated loan. * Criterion Consolidated Corp. said it had acquired the rights to Cool-Ray Fashion and Polarized Sunglasses from Warner-Lambert Corp. for a price it did not disclose.
p2214
aV* Aetna Life and Casualty Co. said it would periodically purchase its common stock, up to a maximum of 500,000 shares, at prevailing market prices, primarily to satisfy the needs of its employee benefit plan. * Central Mortgage and Realty Trust said it would cease liquidating its assets and would once more invest in real estate. Central distributed $8.1 million, or $10.50 a share, to its shareholders last year.
p2215
aVThe General Electric Company said it had agreed in principle to sell its Power Line Carrier Product Section in Lynchburg, Va., to the Penril Corporation. The cash transaction, to be closed in October, will be for ''several million dollars'' although the final price has not been set, Penril said.
p2216
aVThe General Dynamics Corporation reported yesterday that a pretax write-off of $84 million caused the company to post a loss of $11 million in the second quarter of 1982, in contrast to earnings of $23.8 million, or 42 cents a share, in the second quarter of 1981. The St. Louis-based company, a leading arms contractor with important positions in military aircraft, submarines, missiles, gun systems and tanks, said that it had made the large write-off to cover the anticipated cost overruns on General Dynamics' first two contracts for SSN 688-class attack submarines at the Electric Boat division.
p2217
aVFrench officials will go to Peking on Aug. 19 to bid for a stake in the construction of China's first nuclear power station, a Government spokesman said today. The French company Framatome would construct the nuclear part of the plant, while Alsthom-Atlantique would be responsible for other work on the Guangdong province station. Competing for the contract are Rheinisch-Westfalisches Elektrizitatswerk, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation and the General Electric Company of Britain, the spokesman said.
p2218
aVAEROSPACE Fairchild Industries $ 303,265 -16 $ 11,889 -59 Lockheed Corp. 1,475,100 +19 51,800 +250 McDonnell Douglas Corp.1,869,700 - 1 49,800 + 3 Northrop Corp. 565,000 +21 (1,600) .... Rockwell International 1,995,600 +12 92,000 + 3 United Technologies 3,513,636 - 1 145,556 + 19 AIRLINES American Airlines 1,040,789 - 1 466 - 98 Delta Air Lines 950,300 0 23,057 - 52 Eastern Air Lines 967,283 0 (3,006) .... Northwest Airlines 414,106 -12 (1,453) .... Pan American World Air- Ways 969,500 0 (56,200) .... Trans World Corp. 1,330,973 - 6 41,644 - 27 UAL Inc. 1,365,042 + 3 5,473 - 37 USAir Inc. 335,430 +13 20,015 - 20 Western Airlines 257,600 - 5 3,100 * APPLIANCES Maytag Co. 90,594 - 9 8,101 - 1 Singer Co. 630,800 - 7 400 - 94 Whirlpool Corp. 637,758 -13 32,211 0 White Consolidated Industries 568,952 -14 8,948 - 59 Zenith Radio Corp. 291,800 + 6 (4,100) .... AUTOMOBILES American Motors Corp. 667,182 - 8 (68,756) .... Chrysler Corp. 2,864,600 - 1 106,900 +416 Ford Motor Corp. 10,929,800 - 3 204,900 +240 General Motors Corp. 17,144,600 - 5 560,000 + 9 AUTOMOTIVE EQUIPMENT Bendix Corp. 1,055,298 - 9 38,069 - 51 Eaton Corp. 711,047 -17 28,771 - 8 International Harvester (1) 1,448,257 -32 (198,362) .... Paccar Inc. 316,867 -33 4,217 - 82 BEVERAGES Anheuser-Buxh Cos. 1,166,849 +17 75,307 +24 Heublein Inc. 547,150 + 4 24,340 +17 Pepsico Inc. 1,805,241 + 9 99,618 +14 BUILDING and FOREST PRODUCTS Boise Cascade Corp. 704,910 - 9 (8,440) .... Champion International 950,555 -11 11,524 -75 Crown Zellerbach Corp. 759,400 - 9 21,200 + 2 Diamond International Corp. 237,900 -12 (10,200) .... Evans Products Co. 374,530 -16 (3,461) .... GAF Corp. 163,379 - 6 10,094 + 1 Georgia Pacific Corp. 1,415,000 - 2 71,000 +29 Great Northern Nekoosa 358,200 - 7 19,200 -29 International Paper Co. 1,030,600 -26 41,200 -51 Kimberly-Clark 729,300 + 3 58,900 + 6 Lone Star Industries 226,874 - 6 8,920 -52 Manville 515,027 -10 (19,910) .... Mead Corp. 703,718 - 7 (998) .... Owens-Corning Fiberlas 573,927 - 5 (1,170) .... Potlatch Corp. 205,665 - 9 8,126 -36 Sherwin-Williams Co. 523,198 +31 18,015 +23 St. Regis Paper Co. 651,625 -16 17,106 -67 Scott Paper Co. 587,839 + 3 29,231 - 7 Union Camp Corp. 389,511 -12 33,722 -31 United States Gypsum Co. 355,122 -10 33,722 -35 Westvaco Corp. (1) 376,888 - 4 17,007 -32 CHEMICALS Air Product and Chemicals 380,733 - 2 14,853 -47 Allied Corp. 1,595,000 + 1 82,000 - 6 American Cyanamid Co. 901,100 0 28,000 -42 Celanese Corp. 788,000 -21 18,000 -55 Dow Chemical Co. 2,728,000 -11 197,000 - 4 E.I. duPont de Nemours 8,500,000 + 5 247,000 0 Ethyl Corp. 417,582 - 8 27,949 +14 W. R. Grace & Co. 1,630,224 - 4 76,912 -23 Hercules Inc. 651,000 - 9 22,300 -46 Int'l. Minerals and Chemicals 400,700 -15 4,700 -84 Koppers Co. 443,407 -18 7,577 -53 Monsanto Co. 1,623,400 -13 86,200 - 8 National Distillers and Chem. 464,900 -11 18,000 -49 Olin Corp. 474,228 -13 23,427 -29 Rohm & Haas Co. 528,000 - 3 28,000 +37 Stauffer Chemical Co. 305,584 -19 17,246 -25 Union Carbide Corp. 2,299,400 -14 118,200 -39 COMMUNICATIONS American Broadcasting Cos. 684,823 +12 59,298 + 7 CBS Inc. 1,029,400 + 4 46,100 - 1 Gannett Co. 384,407 +10 50,284 + 8 Garte-Hanks Commun- ications 101,147 +14 7,797 + 7 Knight-Ridder News- papers 336,079 + 7 27,883 + 5M CI Communications 185,140 +115 36,485 + 242 McGraw-Hill Inc. 282,380 + 9 24,087 + 11 The New York Times Co. 238,110 +13 14,957 + 6 Time Inc. 906,514 + 8 47,017 - 5 Times-Mirror Co. 541,128 0 33,098 -14 Washington Post Co. 207,215 + 7 16,590 +25 CONGLOMERATES Avco Corp. (2) 635,727 +10 22,706 -15C hronmalloy American C orp. 243,533 - 2 (9,148) . ... City Investing Co. 1,459,476 + 1 35,058 +11 Dart & Kraft Inc. 2,497,700 - 4 105,300 -19 Fuqua Industries Inc. 166,041 -10 4,848 -12 Gulf & Western (1) 1,337,928 - 9 35,300 -53 IC Industries Inc. 992,500 - 5 18,800 -33 IU International Corp. 528,157 - 8 9,913 -40 Kidde Inc. 698,080 - 3 25,990 0 Litton Industries (1) 1,356,874 0 77,433 -13 LTV Corp. 1,366,200 -31 (18,800) .... Martin Marietta Corp. 909,742 + 3 40,209 -34 Northwest Industries I nc. 671,500 -14 76,700 +14S ignal Cos. 1,398,700 + 4 37,000 -35T RW Inc. 1,356,500 - 1 61,700 - 3T eledyne Inc. 737,000 -11 77,700 -36T enneco Inc. 3,735,000 0 204,000 0T extron Inc. 775,500 -11 24,700 -43T ransamerica Corp. 1,162,818 +11 47,889 +38 DRUGS and PERSONAL CARE Abbott Laboratories 649,035 +12 71,157 +17 American Home Products 1,092,397 +14 126,034 +14 American Hospital Supply 741,200 +13 45,800 +21 Avon Products Inc. 767,000 +21 44,600 -18 Baxter Travenol Laboratories 423,100 +11 43,800 +24 Bristol-Myers Co. 880,104 + 3 81,342 +14 Chesebrough-Pond's Inc. 379,490 +10 26,237 + 6 Colgate-Palmolive Co. 1,252,845 - 3 55,948 0 Genentech 7,592 +51 81 + 7 Gillette Co. 573,361 - 2 37,979 + 6 Johnson & Johnson 1,450,400 + 9 141,800 +11 Eli Lilly & Co. 708,200 +13 93,200 +22 Merck & Co. 774,191 + 4 111,323 + 3 Pfizer Inc. 875,300 +10 80,600 +34 Revlon Inc. 568,100 - 1 39,700 -18 Schering-Plough Corp. 475,900 + 2 51,400 + 1 G. D. Searie & Co. 257,400 +10 32,500 * SmithKline Beckman 723,842 +11 105,755 +16 Squibb Corp. 392,376 + 7 35,619 +27 Sterling Drug Inc. 441,374 - 1 27,376 - 6 Upjohn Co. 475,841 - 7 38,398 -14 Warner-Lambert 847,007 + 2 49,432 +24 ELECTRICAL and ELECTRONICS Emerson Electric 914,874 - 3 78,157 + 3 Gould Inc. 517,600 + 6 20,200 -29 Intel Corp. 216,437 + 8 8,194 -16 McGraw-Edison Co. 593,700 - 3 16,900 -20 Motorola Inc. 965,100 + 7 45,300 -10 National Semiconductor (2) 284,234 + 3 (3,115) .... North American Phillips 799,300 + 8 17,366 -49 RCA Corp. 2,055,300 + 5 60,500 + 3 Raytheon Co. 1,426,943 0 85,778 + 2 Texas Instruments Inc. 1,092,900 + 4 36,900 +251 Westinghouse Electric 2,471,500 + 4 110,400 - 1 ENERGY and ENERGY SERVICES Amerada Hess Corp. 1,780,361 -20 61,086 * Ashland Oil 2,200,018 -12 69,144 +420 Atlantic Richfield Co. 6,808,877 - 2 409,778 + 3 Charter Co. 940,238 -28 12,167 * Diamond Shamrock 857,709 + 6 31,926 * Dresser Industries Inc. (1) 1,160,100 - 2 63,000 -17 Exxon Corp. 25,262,000 - 8 885,000 -52 Getty Oil Co. 3,078,275 - 4 151,485 -26 Gulf Oil Corp. 7,426,565 + 3 210,000 -32 Hughes Tool Co. 426,565 - 3 45,406 -28 Houston Natural Gas Corp. (1) 785,162 + 7 63,625 + 7 Kerr-McGee Corp. 911,850 + 2 50,235 - 2 Mesa Petroleum 99,820 - 1 35,880 +38 Mobile Corp. 15,754,000 - 5 310,000 -56 NL Industries 632,438 + 3 75,102 0 Phillips Petroleum Co. 4,030,000 - 1 139,900 -39 Schlumberger Ltd. 1,614,952 +11 356,283 +20 Shell Oil Co. 5,105,000 - 8 380,000 - 7 Standard Oil (Calif.) 9,370,000 -15 263,000 -57 Standard Oil (Ind.) 7,500,000 - 7 382,000 -31 Standard Oil (Ohio) 3,156,800 - 2 473,200 - 1 Sun Co. 4,000,000 + 3 110,000 -63 Superior Oil Co. 505,887 0 74,407 -25 Texaco Inc. 11,500,000 -22 305,000 -45 Union Oil Co. of Calif. 2,909,700 + 4 197,600 - 5 FOOD Beetrice Foods Co. (2) 2,277,711 + 2 71,302 -35 Borden Inc. 1,038,956 -14 42,381 + 5 Campbell soup Co. (1) 722,187 + 2 33,175 +12 Castle & Cooke Inc. 472,657 - 2 1,241 -94 Central Soya Co. (2) 442,657 -14 3,300 +230 CPC International Inc. 1,056,857 - 8 57,047 +12 DiGiorgio Corp. 232,317 + 4 2,017 - 5 Esmark Inc. (1) 814,622 + 3 28,184 -12 Foremost-McKesson Inc. 1,139,745 + 5 12,819 -20 General Foods Corp. 2,059,578 0 61,504 +25 General Mills (2) 1,238,600 - 2 34,700 - 6 H.J. Heinz Co.(1) 996,962 - 2 48,468 - 5 Hershey Foods Corp. 314,364 + 6 16,036 +12 Kellogg Co. 593,506 0 57,031 +12 Nabisco Brands Inc. 1,520,600 + 8 70,500 +35 Pillsbury Co. (2) 903,700 + 5 39,400 +30 Ralston Purina Co. 1,196,100 - 4 50,200 +28 A. E. Staley Manufacturing Co. 404,041 -13 15,794 -36 INSTRUMENTS Bausch & Lomb Inc. 134,103 - 3 11,741 -12 General Signal Corp. 432,017 - 1 29,374 + 3 Perkin Elmer Corp. (1) 255,801 -11 13,531 -27 LEISURE TIME AMF Inc. 313,855 - 7 8,295 -65 Brunswick Corp. 276,197 - 2 8,570 -55 Eastman Kodak Co. 2,430,522 + 1 248,338 -13 Polaroid Corp. 323,500 - 5 3,700 -73 Walt Disney Productions 275,751 - 7 32,899 + 9 Warner Communications Inc. 907,011 +34 68,239 +60 LODGING and RESTAURANTS Hilton Hotels 161,415 0 23,290 -22 Holiday Inns Inc. 364,077 + 6 30,440 -22 Marriott Corp. 600,861 +30 22,370 + 3 McDonald's Corp. 724,859 +12 86,635 +14 MACHINERY Allis-Chalmers Corp. 485,041 -12 (15,789) .... Black & Decker 298,172 -10 4,538 -62 Caterpillar Milacron Inc. 1,850,400 -17 9,700 -94 Cincinnati Milacron Inc. 210,610 - 6 8,892 -37 Clark Equipment Co. 275,476 -24 (1,592) .... Combustion Engineer- ing Inc. 939,532 - 6 39,437 + 9 Cooper Industries Inc. 639,880 -14 52,148 -18 Cross & Trecker 107,135 - 4 10,992 + 2 Cummins Engine Co. 408,124 -21 (2,487) .... FMC Corp. 904,800 8 45,200 + 1 Foster Wheeler Corp. 394,688 -12 15,322 + 2 Ingersoll Rand Co. 738,400 -10 16,500 -59 MANUFACTURING and CONTAINERS American Can Co. 1,170,200 - 2 11,300 -55 Armstrong World Industries 328,820 -11 9,600 -55 Brog-Warner Corp. 844,200 + 5 46,700 +11 Continental Group Inc. 1,276,800 - 5 51,500 -18 Emhart Corp. 459,700 + 4 18,200 -14 Libbey-Owens-Ford Co. 290,805 -15 9,087 -49 Minnesota Mining and Mfg. 1,687,000 + 1 158,600 - 8 Owens-Illinois Inc. 914,618 -13 31,619 -36 National Can 418,228 0 10,073 + 4 METALS and MINING Aluminum Co. of America 1,239,477 - 5 15,093 - 81 Amax Inc. 621,900 -11 (42,700) .... Asarco Inc. 331,692 - 6 (24,787) .... Kairser Aluminmum and Chem. 840,200 - 9 (30,000) .... Phelps Dodge Corp. 263,200 -31 (19,400) .... Reynolds Metals 805,400 -15 25,500 -26 MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING Crane Co. 297,224 -32 (3,233) .... Norton Co. 333,228 - 3 14,907 -51 PPG Industries Inc. 882,100 - 1 45,700 -29 Wheelabrator-Frye Inc. 397,626 + 8 25,102 + 9 OFFICE EQUIPMENT Apple Computer Inc. 142,681 +57 15,193 +28 Burroughs Corp. 1,060,290 +27 36,480 +16 Control Data Corp. 1,045,000 + 5 34,200 -21 Hewlett-Packard Co. (1) 1,056,000 +22 94,000 +34 Honeywell Inc. 1,321,400 + 1 85,600 +20 I.B.M. Corp. 8,053,000 +17 1,000,000 +24 NCR Corp. 871,952 + 2 50,572 - 3 Pitney Bowes Inc. 366,379 + 4 20,150 +18 Sperry Corp. 1,221,100 - 7 16,200 -66 Wang Laboratories 1,159,309 +35 107,139 +37 Xerox Corp. 2,111,400 - 4 161,400 -10 RAILROADS Burlington Northern Inc. 1,037,347 - 7 121,412 +208 CSX Corp. 1,300,000 + 8 70,000 +89 Missouri Pacific Corp. 578,100 0 47,958 - 3 Norfolk Southern Corp. 916,900 +16 138,200 +77 Santa Fe Industries Inc. 798,800 - 7 64,600 + 9 Union Pacific Corp. 1,532,439 - 6 100,112 +17 RETAIL (FOOD) American Stores Co. (1) 1,832,675 + 9 16,542 +70 Great Atlantic & Pacific (2) 1,359,538 -20 8,506 * Jewel Companies (1) 1,241,045 +10 16,838 +18 Kroger Co. 2,689,303 + 8 20,293 +24 Lucky Stores Inc. (1) 1,835,558 + 9 15,816 -21 Safeway Stores Inc. 4,045,200 + 7 42,100 +61 Southland Corp. 1,733,514 +20 35,169 +13 RETAIL (NONFOOD) Carter Hawley Hale Stores 639,381 + 6 5,277 -14 Dayton-Hudson Corp. (1) 1,123,324 +15 21,747 -19 Federated Dept. Stores (1) 1,620,013 + 7 29,133 -28 K Mart Corp. (1) 3,600,700 + 8 5,900 -83 R. H. Macy & Co. (1) 648,342 +12 15,892 +17 May Department Stores Co. (1) 738,477 + 4 11,545 -29 J. C. Penny Co. (1) 2,422,000 - 4 52,000 + 4 Sears, Roebuck & Co. 7,203,400 + 8 163,700 +22 F. W. Woolworth Co. (1) 1,545,000 0 (16,000) .... SERVICE INDUSTRIES Amfac Inc. 557,431 0 5,252 -75 Dillingham Corp. 354,658 -12 6,031 - 3 Fluor Corp. (1) 1,924,536 +37 42,142 +12 Hospital Corp. of America 876,127 +67 41,321 +59 Malone & Hyde Inc. (2) 497,652 - 1 6,469 +169 Morrison-Knudsen Co. 568,865 +13 8,871 + 5 Ogden Corp. 504,844 -14 15,478 - 8 Parsons Corp. 309,583 +10 10,128 +17 Philbro-Salomon Inc. 6,026,000 -13 61,000 -10 Ryder System Inc. 530,441 + 5 23,844 +15 STEEL Armco Inc. 1,464,500 -16 (57,400) .... Bethlehem Steel Corp. 1,470,500 -24 (47,100) .... Inland Steel Co. 743,649 -29 (23,209) .... National Steel Corp. 799,744 -28 (49,903) .... Republic Steel Corp. 744,865 -37 (85,261) .... United States Steel 5,100,000 +34 4,300 -97 TEXTILES and APPAREL Burlington Indust- ries Inc. 719,395 -16 12,834 -63 Levi Strauss & Co. (2) 612,523 -11 18,545 -46 J. P. Stevens & Co. (1) 472,015 - 8 5,040 +83 TIRE and RUBBER General Tire & Rubber (2) 585,645 + 4 29,929 +32 B. F. Goodrich Co. 793,500 - 4 19,400 -27 Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. 2,290,200 - 3 80,500 - 9 Uniroyal Inc. 541,000 -14 8,100 -71 TOBACCO American Brands Inc. 1,150,308 + 1 89,246 + 8 Philip Morris Inc. 3,065,400 + 6 189,400 +23 R. J. Reynolds Industries 3,120,000 + 5 295,000 +48 (Loss) *Loss in 1981 period. (1) Three months to April 30. (2) Three months to May 31.
p2219
aVBONN THE collapse of AEG-Telefunken under a $3.5 billion mountain of debt, however shocking, seemed almost inevitable. The giant electrical products company - second-largest in West Germany after Siemens -had been rocked by debt, competition and mismanagement since the mid-1970's. But the company's decision to enter composition proceedings - Germa@ny's equivalent to America's Chapter 11 court protection from creditors - reflected more than its own internal errors. The failure of AEG has also disclosed a sense of fragility beneath this country's image as a powerful, resilient economic force. Germany's strength in electrical technology, the backbone of AEG's business, helped propel the country to economic prominence in the past. AEG somehow symbolized the resourceful and resilient aspect of Germany's economy. Rebounding from the devastation of World War II, which eliminated more than 90 percent of its plants, AEG rose to become Germany's 15th-largest corporation.
p2220
aVFOR executives in the machine tool industry, which makes all the t ools that either cut or form metal, the past two years have been a l ittle like watching sand run through an hour glass. Machine tools a re being made and shipped out, but new orders are scarce and the b acklog of orders is getting perilously low. In addition, competitionf rom the Japanese is mounting and some machine tool plants are a ntiquated and in need of new capital. In this environment, the Acme-Cleveland Corporation, the eighthlargest machine tool company and one that generally underperforms the industry, was expected to fare worse than most companies. Instead, it is holding its own. Moreover, changes in the company's cost structure are being dealt with so quickly that analysts now say Acme-Cleveland could outperform some other companies when orders begin to return. But despite its best efforts, Acme-Cleveland faces problems. Like other companies in the industry, it has had to deal with a sharp drop in shipments. Orders have fallen 75 percent industrywide since 1980's first quarter and there is no sign of an upturn.
p2221
aVATLANTIQUE, the diversified French engineering group that builds everything from pasta factories to the world's fastest train, is at the center of efforts to frustrate President Reagan's attempt to halt construction of a new Soviet pipeline. In defiance of an American ban, the French Government has ordered Alsthom-Atlantique to supply the huge rotors, which it makes under license from General Electric, for turbine-powered compressor plants that will send Siberian natural gas through a 3,700-mile pipeline into Western European factories and homes. Without these large compressors, the project as originally planned would be doomed. The spoiler role is one that Alsthom-Atlantique, the only European company with the technology to build the rotors, would rather not play. ''Of course we have to do what the Government decides, but we don't want a row with the Americans,'' said Roger Chalvon-Demersay, a senior Alsthom-Atlantique executive, stressing that the company has worked closely with General Electric since the end of World War II. And there were rumors in Paris that the company had fought behind the scenes to delay the French Government's order while European governments continued diplomatic efforts to bring about a White House change of heart.
p2222
asS'198209'
p2223
(lp2224
VThe Ford Motor Company of Canada Ltd. said it had laid off 4,700 workers at two assembly plants here for one week, and that they would return to work Sept. 20. It said it had idled 3,000 car assembly workers because of a shortage of certain auto parts and 1,700 truck assembly workers to reduce high inventories. In other layoffs, the Manville Corporation's Johns-Manville of Canada unit said it had laid off 500 workers permanently at its mine in Asbestos, Quebec, and the General Electric Company announced the indefinite layoff of 733 workers at its Appliance Park facility in Louisville, Ky., reducing employment there to 10,200.
p2225
aVCold, clear water thundered through the gaps of a ledge behind John Downs, who owns a share in the property here. ''It's a tragedy,'' Mr. Downs said, bemoaning the fact that the water would not be used at any time soon to generate electricity. The location is one of thousands around the country that could be turned into small, but valuable, hydroelectric projects. By fall, Mr. Downs said, it might have been producing electricity to replace oilgenerated power. Instead, it will not produce any energy, at least not this year.
p2226
aVScores of business executives who are working with a Presidential commission to help reduce the cost of government have been assigned to examine agencies that regulate the executives' corporations. An unpublished list of the panel members shows, for example, that a commission task force looking for ways to cut costs and improve the efficiency of the Environmental Protection Agency includes numerous officials drawn from companies involved in activities that are regulated by the E.P.A. The Presidential advisory panel has refused to give the list to the General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress. Investigation by Committee Some members of Congress have raised questions about the commission, both because of its refusal to cooperate with the G.A.O. and because of suspicions that the commission is reaching into political and policy questions as well as matters of Government efficiency. The House Post Office Committee is now investigating the commission. The commission, called the President's Private Sector Survey on Cost Control, is a public body created under the Federal Advisory Committee Act of 1972 by executive order on June 30. Its central job, according to the order, is to ''conduct a private sector survey on cost control in the Federal Government'' and advise the President ''with respect to improving management and reducing costs.''
p2227
aVFor the Masonite Corporation, the huge cost of its energy bill each month brought with it an urge to conserve. But, like many companies trying to cut such costs, the nation's No.1 maker of hardboard found it had to bring in outside help. Altering corporate habits from the inside, it turns out, can be awkward. Few in-house engineers have a free hand in changing the way things are done by higher-ranking executives. And then there are the uninspired janitors who leave lights on as they leave, and the top executives who have never dissected an energy bill to see where it all goes.
p2228
aVIn a country where most companies have found their profits battered by recession, Ferranti P.L.C., one of Britain's foremost arms and electronics manufacturers, seems hardly to have been bruised. Since 1980, Ferranti has more than doubled its pretax profit and increased its revenue from $364.8 million, to $521.7 million. In the year ended March 31, 1982, earnings per share were 26 percent higher than in the previous year. That represents a striking change for a company that in the mid-1970's was virtually insolvent and had to be bailed out by the Government.
p2229
aVAMONTH ago, labor activist Ray Rogers was preparing to announce new, bold actions to help 1,600 m embers of the International Association of Machinists in a bitter s trike against the Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company, a major m achine tool maker based in North Kingstown, R.I. Mr. Rogers, who helped formulate the aggressive anticorporate strategies that forced J.P. Stevens & Company several years ago to recognize the Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers union at 10 of its 80 plants, is given to audacious tactics. Looking as burly and aggressive as he did when he played guard during his high school football days, the 38-year-old Mr. Rogers has a ''them'' and ''us'' philosophy that is sometimes alien to union leaders today. He has earned the reputation of a man who will ignore protocal, fashion new rules and design slashing attacks on corporations and their executives. But on Aug. 18, the day Mr. Rogers planned to disclose that a broad coalition of labor had come out in strong support for the strikers and that there would be a widened attack on business institutions tied to Brown & Sharpe, it was announced, instead, that Mr. Rogers's two-month contract with the union was not being extended. The union said only that Mr. Rogers's contract had been fulfilled. In essence, it seems accurate to say, Mr. Rogers was dismissed.
p2230
aVIT began nine years ago with a sheet of ledger paper containing 30 or so names culled from a roster of the nation's 500 largest industrial companies. Harry J. Gray's hit list, as it came to be known, has been revised many times. At one point, it vanished in the theft of a car belonging to the executive in whose briefcase it was entrusted for maximum security. But by then the names had been committed to memory by Mr. Gray, the chairman, president and chief executive officer of the United Technologies Corporation, and the lieutenants charged with implementing his 1973 blueprint for transforming a Connecticut-based aerospace company into a worldscale technological giant. The Otis Elevator Company was one name on the list, the Carrier Corporation another, the Bendix Corporation a third. In 1976, after its management put up fierce resistance to his wooing, Otis was assimilated into United Technologies. In 1979, following an even more bitter battle in which the citizens of Syracuse, N.Y., united to try to thwart the Hartford raider, Carrier disappeared into the United Technologies fold.
p2231
aVO'Connor Securities and O'Connor and Associates, which together own 16 percent of the shares of the Trane Company, filed suit in Federal court in Manhattan to block the purchase of Trane by the General Electric Company. O'Connor said it is planning a proxy fight to oppose the purchase.
p2232
aVThe General Electric Company said it was demonstrating a programmable five-axis process robot and a large seven-arm robot at the International Machine Tool Show here. It said it was also demonstrating a micro-based character recognition vision system, a computerized numerical control system, AC spindle drives designed to operate at up to 6,000 revolutions a minute, a stand-alone AC servosystem and a numerical control work center. It also said it had developed a new line of solid state proximity limit switches, a microprocessor-based input-output module, an online inspection system, and an advanced line of magnetic motor starters.
p2233
aVThe Trane Company disclosed that it bought the General Electric Company's central air-conditioning business for $135 million in cash, thus circumventing a shareholder vote that would have been required to ratify a cash-stock transaction proposed earlier.
p2234
asS'197708'
p2235
(lp2236
sS'197709'
p2237
(lp2238
sS'199003'
p2239
(lp2240
VLEAD: The General Electric Company's aircraft engine division announced yesterday that Aeroflot, the Soviet Union's national airline, had chosen its jet engines to power 10 twin-engine airplanes from Airbus Industrie.
p2241
aVLEAD: The General Motors Corporation said it would decide within two months whether to put a nonpolluting electric car into production. The world's biggest car company outlined test results for its electric car at a news conference before the 60th Geneva International Motor Show, which opens Thursday.
p2242
aVLEAD: Kidder, Peabody International announced yesterday that it had purchased 25 percent of a leading Spanish investment banking firm, Benito Y Monjardin, for undisclosed terms. Kidder said it would sell a portion of the stake to G.E. Capital, a financial unit of Kidder's parent, the General Electric Company.
p2243
aVLEAD: rrWith headlights, brake lights, warning lights and instrument panels, a typical car can have as many as 80 light bulbs, all consuming power, all gradually wearing out. The General Electric Company is developing a way to replace them all with one central lighting system.
p2244
aVLEAD: With some of the biggest companies in the United States leading the way, Hungary has become corporate America's main port of entry into Eastern Europe. In recent months, General Electric, General Motors, Levi Strauss, McDonald's and others have set up businesses in Hungary, and the stream of American concerns seeking joint ventures here is accelerating daily.
p2245
aVLEAD: Roger W. Schipke, who heads the General Electric Company's appliance business, is leaving to become president and eventually chief executive of the Ryland Company, a home builder and issuer of mortgage-backed securities.
p2246
aVLEAD: Kidder, Peabody & Company announced a substantial recasting of its balance sheet yesterday that will shift troublesome assets to its parent, the General Electric Company.
p2247
aVLEAD: After almost a year of supporting Frank Lorenzo's plans to rebuild Eastern Airlines, the carrier's unsecured creditors are apparently running low on patience. People close to the creditors' committee said yesterday that it was considering actions that could lead to the liquidation of the airline unless Mr.
p2248
aVLEAD: * Alaska Air Group Inc., Seattle, an airline holding company, said that under its ''Dutch auction'' tender offer, it would buy three million shares of common stock at $22.875 a share.
p2249
aVLEAD: After careers at two major corporations, George J. Stathakis plans to try his hand at getting a start-up company up and running in the semiconductor industry.
p2250
asS'199002'
p2251
(lp2252
VLEAD: The General Electric Company entertained a delegation of Soviet aviation officials in hopes of getting multimillion-dollar contracts to supply jet engines to the Soviet airline Aeroflot.
p2253
aVLEAD: The General Motors Corporation said its experimental electric car had attracted great interest and that it expects recommendations within three months from a team studying the feasibility of producing the vehicle.
p2254
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company and two employees were convicted today on several charges of defrauding the Government of $10 million for a battlefield computer system.
p2255
aVLEAD: The General Electric Credit Corporation is offering $250 million in 8.70 percnt notes due 2003 through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
p2256
aVLEAD: Saying the proposed merger between the San Diego Gas and Electric Company and the Southern California Edison Company was not in the public interest, Attorney General John Van de Kamp of California announced that his office would try to block the merger. Mr. Van de Kamp cited five reasons for opposing the merger, including contentions it would violate antitrust laws, thwart public regulation by creating a large and powerful utility and deprive the San
p2257
aVLEAD: A division of the General Electric Company and nine large cable television operators said today that they are teaming up in a $100 million venture to deliver programming to homes by satellite.
p2258
aVLEAD: Intense pride radiates from Robert J. Eaton, president of the General Motors Corporation's European car operations. Intense fear, too.
p2259
aVLEAD: Wang Laboratories Inc. agreed in principle to sell its international lease-financing operations for about $250 million to GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company. Wang said about $215 million of the proceeds would be used to reduce its bank debt and $35 million would be used to increase its cash position.
p2260
aVLEAD: The Bank of New England Corporation, scrambling for cash because of large losses from bad real estate loans, announced it had completed the sale of a vehicle-leasing business for $350 million. The bank sold the United States portion of McCullagh Leasing to GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company.
p2261
aVLEAD: The Aristech Chemical Corporation said today that five of the nation's leading chemical companies had expressed interest in acquiring assets of the Pittsburgh-based concern.
p2262
asS'199001'
p2263
(lp2264
VLEAD: The General Electric Company's aerospace division said it would eliminate 5,600 jobs in the Eastern United States by 1991, citing tighter Pentagon budgets and mounting competition. The cuts amount to nearly 14 percent of the work force at GE Aerospace, the nation's third-largest military contractor.
p2265
aVLEAD: Because of slowing orders, the General Electric Company plans to close its factory here for the week of Jan. 22-26, idling nearly 1,700 workers. The factory makes residential electricity meters. The drop in orders reflects slowness in the construction industry, a G.E. spokeswoman said.
p2266
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company, one of the nation's largest diversified corporations, said yesterday that its profit rose 15.8 percent in the fourth quarter and 16.2 percent for the year.
p2267
aVLEAD: Jon M. Huntsman, the Salt Lake City investor, announced today that a unit of the General Electric Company would join him in his efforts to acquire the Aristech Chemical Corporation.
p2268
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co. (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1989 1988 Revenue 16,200,000,000 15,500,000,000 Net inc 1,173,000,000 1,011,000,000 Share earns 1.30 1.12 Yr rev 54,600,000,000 50,100,000,000 Net inc 3,939,000,000 3,386,000,000 Share earns 4.36 3.75
p2269
aVLEAD: The General Motors Corporation today displayed what it called the most advanced electrically powered car yet developed and said that it could be on the market as soon as the middle of the decade.
p2270
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company of Britain will buy the business and assets of the Ferranti Defense Systems Group, based in Edinburgh, and part of Ferranti's interests in Italy in a deal worth $:310 million, the Ferranti board said. Ferranti Defense Systems Group is a subsidiary of Ferranti International P.L.C., which was seeking a rescue from the effects of a reported fraud by a United States subsidiary.
p2271
aVLEAD: Ten years late and either several billion over budget or $382 million under, depending on how it's counted, the Philadelphia Electric Company's Limerick 2 plant began commercial operation yesterday, the company said.
p2272
aVLEAD: The Bank of New England Corporation said yesterday that its real estate losses were far greater than had been expected and that it would report a deficit of $1.2 billion for the fourth quarter.
p2273
aVLEAD: Anticipating rising demand for large jetliners with only two engines, GE Aircraft Engines, a subsidiary of General Electric, said yesterday that it would build the world's most powerful commercial jet engine.
p2274
asS'197701'
p2275
(lp2276
sS'197706'
p2277
(lp2278
sS'199006'
p2279
(lp2280
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said it was ''in very active discussions'' with Fiat S.p.A. on a contract for the Italian company to share in construction of a new high-thrust engine. Rick Kennedy, spokesman for the company's aircraft engines division, said G.E. already has an agreement with the French engine maker Snecma and is in discussions with several Japanese concerns to make the engine, the GE 90, for the Boeing Company's future 767X twin jet.
p2281
aVLEAD: The group seeking to buy the UAL Corporation, the parent of United Airlines, has had discussions with the General Electric Company, the Boeing Company and others about helping finance the planned employee buyout of UAL, a person close to the group said.
p2282
aVLEAD: Conglomerates may be out of vogue in much of corporate America, but not at the Westinghouse Electric Corporation - the company remains committed to its diversity. But with growth in a number of its lines languishing, the company is forcing itself to look at old businesses in new ways.
p2283
aVLEAD: The CMS Energy Corporation, the parent of Consumers Power of Michigan, said yesterday that it had completed a $2.3 billion sale-leaseback of its Midland Co-generation Venture.
p2284
aVLEAD: * Canadian Pacific Ltd., Montreal, a holding company for real estate, transportation, telecommunications and manufacturing interests, said it would not proceed with its plan to distribute 80 percent of its subsidiary Marathon Realty Co. to its common share holders.
p2285
aVLEAD: * Abitibi-Price Inc., Toronto, a lumber maker, will build a $56 million de-inking plant at the Alabama River Newsprint Co. mill in Claiborne, Ala. The project involves its joint-venture partner, Parsons & Whittemore Inc., a wood products company.
p2286
aVLEAD: A New York State court, in a decision disclosed yesterday, upheld the authority of the Public Service Commission to price electricity based on power saved, rather than power used. The approach is an attempt by regulators to reduce air pollution and cut power costs.
p2287
aVLEAD: Richard W. Miller wasn't frightened by difficult business situations. After all, his first job after finishing business school in 1970 had been at the Penn Central Corporation, which was going through what was then the largest bankruptcy proceeding in the nation's history.
p2288
aVLEAD: The GE Credit Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, is offering $250 million in 8 5/8 percent notes due 2008 through Kidder, Peabody & Company as sole manager.
p2289
aVLEAD: Intellectual Property Owners Inc., a Washington trade group for inventors, has identified the 200 organizations that obtained the most American patents in 1989.
p2290
asS'199005'
p2291
(lp2292
VLEAD: The General Electric Company announced a settlement today of its $1.15 billion breach-of-contract suit against Daimler-Benz A.G., the West German technology giant that was working simultaneously with G.E. and its fiercest United States rival in designing jet engines.
p2293
aVLEAD: An article May 13 (''Are We Eating Our Seed Corn?'') discussed the extent to which many large American corporations, and the General Electric Company in particular, are buying back their stock and thus spending less on research and development and missing opportunities to develop innovative products.
p2294
aVLEAD: An article May 13 (''Are We Eating Our Seed Corn?'') discussed the extent to which many large American corporations, and the General Electric Company in particular, are buying back their stock and thus spending less on research and development and missing opportunities to develop innovative products.
p2295
aVLEAD: An article May 13 (''Are We Eating Our Seed Corn?'') discussed the extent to which many large American corporations, and the General Electric Company in particular, are buying back their stock and thus spending less on research and development and missing opportunities to develop innovative products.
p2296
aVLEAD: An article May 13 (''Are We Eating Our Seed Corn?'') discussed the extent to which many large American corporations, and the General Electric Company in particular, are buying back their stock and thus spending less on research and development and missing opportunities to develop innovative products.
p2297
aVLEAD: An article May 13 (''Are We Eating Our Seed Corn?'') discussed the extent to which many large American corporations, and the General Electric Company in particular, are buying back their stock and thus spending less on research and development and missing opportunities to develop innovative products.
p2298
aVLEAD: An article May 13 (''Are We Eating Our Seed Corn?'') discussed the extent to which many large American corporations, and the General Electric Company in particular, are buying back their stock and thus spending less on research and development and missing opportunities to develop innovative products.
p2299
aVLEAD: An article May 13 (''Are We Eating Our Seed Corn?'') discussed the extent to which many large American corporations, and the General Electric Company in particular, are buying back their stock and thus spending less on research and development and missing opportunities to develop innovative products.
p2300
aVLEAD: Gulf Air, the airline of four Middle Eastern countries, has ordered CFM International jet engines worth $225 million to power Airbus Industrie A320 jetliners, the engine maker said. CFM said the CFM56-5 engines would power 12 Airbus jetliners, with an option for six more. Delivery is to begin in 1992 and continue through 1994.
p2301
aVLEAD: As expected, directors of the Westinghouse Electric Corporation yesterday elected Paul E. Lego, a soft-spoken, deliberate career engineer, as chairman and chief executive, effective July 1.
p2302
asS'199004'
p2303
(lp2304
VLEAD: The General Electric Company reported a 12 percent rise in first-quarter earnings yesterday, to $950 million, or $1.06 a share, from $849 million, or 94 cents a share, a year earlier.
p2305
aVLEAD: DQE Inc. and General Public Utilities said they had agreed to generate and transmit electricity from western Pennsylvania to eastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey. The companies will build a new 200-mile transmission line, to carry about 1,500 megawatts of power, at a cost estimated at $480 million.
p2306
aVLEAD: A former Justice Department lawyer who specializes in the enforcement of environmental laws was named yesterday to the top environmental position at the General Electric Company.
p2307
aVLEAD: Bowing to the continued pressures of Defense Department budget cuts, subsidiaries of the General Electric Company and the Lockheed Corporation both said today that they would eliminate thousands of jobs through layoffs and attrition.
p2308
aVLEAD: AMERICAN advertising's fickle relationship with Eastern Europe will take another turn toward sweetness - and most definitely light - this weekend with the release of a General Electric Company commercial that celebrates G.E.'s venture to produce light bulbs in Hungary.
p2309
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co. (NYSE) Qtr to March 30 1990 1989 Revenue 12,600,000,000 11,900,000,000 Net inc 950,000,000 849,000,000 Share earns 1.06 .94
p2310
aVLEAD: Responding to concerns about poor air quality, the General Motors Corporation announced today that it would proceed with commercial production of a battery-powered electric car for personal use.
p2311
aVLEAD: The Lomas Financial Corporation, the financial conglomerate that is under bankruptcy protection, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Ellco Leasing Corporation unit to the General Electric Capital Corporation for $161 million in cash and $30.6 million in preferred stock. The G.E. subsidiary will also assume $1 billion of
p2312
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company has filed a $1.15 billion lawsuit against Daimler-Benz of West Germany, contending that Daimler's new alliance with the United Technologies Corporation breached an agreement it already had with G.E. to develop jet engines.
p2313
aVLEAD: In a radically different approach to commercializing electric vehicles and thereby cutting air pollution, the Southern California Edison Company and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power announced plans yesterday to build a road that transfers electric power from underground cables to cars and buses on the surface, without physical contact.
p2314
asS'197904'
p2315
(lp2316
sS'197905'
p2317
(lp2318
sS'197906'
p2319
(lp2320
sS'197907'
p2321
(lp2322
sS'197901'
p2323
(lp2324
sS'197902'
p2325
(lp2326
sS'197903'
p2327
(lp2328
sS'201106'
p2329
(lp2330
VEven as the number of tablet computers, electric vehicles and Internet data centers multiply rapidly, electricity demand is barely growing. Low-power processors, smarter manufacturing plants, rooftop solar panels and other technologies are keeping a lid on electricity use. The slowdown is spurring a fresh cycle of deal-making among publicly traded utilities. Not unlike the wave of consolidation that came after deregulation in the 1990s, major electricity players are looking to get bigger to protect their bottom lines.
p2331
aVLIANYUNGANG, CHINA -- The six massive silos standing beside this industrial port in northeastern China hold seemingly contradictory promises: They could help improve the quality of China's polluted air, but they might also contribute to faster global warming. The silos, which are scheduled to start operation in July, are designed to blend cleaner-burning imported coal with China's own high-polluting domestic coal, which is contaminated with sulfur and dust.
p2332
aVNELSON OBUS is on no one's list of Wall Street titans. He is just another guy who chased that golden dream: catch the morning train into Manhattan, run a small but prosperous hedge fund, catch the evening train out, back to a leafy island of suburban wealth. But on the morning of July 11, 2002, a FedEx package from Washington arrived at his Midtown office, and his world collapsed beneath him.
p2333
asS'201107'
p2334
(lp2335
VExecutive pay continues to skyrocket despite years of criticism by corporate governance gurus, fierce efforts by unions to temper compensation and calls by politicians to regulate pay. Given these failures, perhaps it is time to ask whether critics' actions have actually driven executive pay higher.
p2336
aVThe reverberations of Washington's impasse over a debt deal are already being felt in the short-term credit markets, a key artery of the economy that daily supplies trillions of dollars of credit. Over the last week, big banks and companies have withdrawn $37.5 billion from money market funds that invest in Treasury debt and other ultra-safe securities, the biggest weekly drop this year. Meanwhile, in the vast market for repurchase agreements, in which many financial firms make short-term loans to one another, borrowers are beginning to demand higher yields.
p2337
asS'201104'
p2338
(lp2339
VGeneral Electric, the conglomerate that is closely watched because of its diverse products, reported first-quarter results on Thursday that showed gains in most businesses, including aviation and health care. The results easily topped the forecasts of Wall Street analysts, but its shares ended 2.2 percent lower on Thursday, reflecting concern about a decline in industrial margins, some analysts said.
p2340
aVStrong earnings reports from big companies including Apple and the UnitedHealth Group lifted stocks across the market on Thursday. The Dow Jones industrial average closed at a high for the year. The 30-company index rose 52.45 points, or 0.42 percent, to 12,505.99.
p2341
aVHAPPY days are back -- in the corner office, at least. After shrinking during the 2008-9 recession, paychecks for top American executives are growing again -- in many cases, significantly so.
p2342
aVThroughout Raj Rajaratnam's trial, which could go to the jury as soon as Monday, there has been an elephant in the courtroom: Rajat K. Gupta. Mr. Gupta, once one of the world's most respected businessmen, is not being tried here nor has he been charged criminally. Yet hardly a day has passed when the jury in Mr. Rajaratnam's trial - the government's biggest insider trading case in a generation - does not hear about Mr. Gupta, the former head of the consulting firm McKinsey & Company.
p2343
asS'201105'
p2344
(lp2345
V5:33 p.m. | Updated The chief executive of Hershey, David J. West, is leaving the publicly traded chocolate maker to run the privately held Del Monte Foods.
p2346
aV5:33 p.m. | Updated The chief executive of Hershey, David J. West, is leaving the publicly traded chocolate maker to run the privately held Del Monte Foods.
p2347
aV5:04 p.m. | Updated Toshiba said on Thursday that it would buy Landis & Gyr of Switzerland for $2.3 billion, bolstering its presence in energy and infrastructure technology solutions.
p2348
asS'197908'
p2349
(lp2350
sS'197909'
p2351
(lp2352
sS'201101'
p2353
(lp2354
VOver the next two weeks, executives at the market researcher Nielsen will traverse the United States and Europe to sell big investors on its $1.5 billion offering, putting it on track to become the first major company backed by private equity to go public this year. The stakes are high, not only for the company's owners, including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, the Carlyle Group and the Blackstone Group, but also for the rest of the buyout world.
p2355
aVITT, Fortune Brands and Marathon Oil have all recently announced breakups, and Sara Lee is said to be contemplating one. Cargill announced on Tuesday that it would spin off its Mosaic unit. Market analysts contend that these businesses are too diverse and that separating them will allow the market to fully recognize each company's inherent value. The real question, though, is whether this will really create that extra value. Can one plus one equal more than two, or is this is yet another Wall Street fad?
p2356
aVOn Thursday, from Studio 6B in Rockefeller Center, home of ''Late Night With Jimmy Fallon,'' the NBC anchor Brian Williams will officially introduce the network's newest boss, Stephen B. Burke, in a closed-circuit presentation to the entire company. Every one of the company's 27,000 employees will also be given a coffee table book, ''NBCUniversal and Comcast: A Century in the Making,'' that interweaves the companies' histories. Yet Mr. Burke's real ''welcome to NBC'' moment came six days ago with the ouster of the MSNBC anchor Keith Olbermann, a classic NBC episode of infighting, secret negotiations and the splashing of internal gossip across the press.
p2357
aV6:00 p.m. | Updated The proposed combination of Comcast and NBC Universal was approved by the Federal Communications Commission and the Justice Department on Tuesday, smoothing the way for the deal to close by the end of January. As expected, the approvals came with significant conditions attached. The combination of Comcast's cable systems and NBC Universal's channels will create a media powerhouse, and it will represent the first time that a cable company will control a major broadcast network.
p2358
asS'200509'
p2359
(lp2360
VThe brief sales honeymoon for the domestic automakers appears to be over. General Motors reported yesterday that sales had dropped sharply in August, and the industry reported weakness across the board in sales of the large sport utility vehicles that the domestic automakers, in particular, have depended on.
p2361
aVThe Ford Motor Company plans to increase production of hybrid electric vehicles tenfold, to 250,000 vehicles annually, by the end of the decade, executives said Wednesday. By 2010, the company said that more than half of its Ford, Lincoln and Mercury models would offer the technology as an option, accounting for roughly 8 percent of the three brands' current sales.
p2362
aVGeneral Motors plans to market its next generation of large sport utility vehicles by promoting their gas mileage. Talking about fuel economy in commercials for vehicles like the Chevrolet Suburban might seem counterintuitive, particularly since large S.U.V.'s get mileage in the teens at a time when Americans have become more sensitive to what it costs to fill up.
p2363
aVWith Hurricane Katrina pushing American gas prices above $3 a gallon at the pump, Toyota Motor may find itself in the right place at the right time, with a new, half-mile assembly line capable of producing gasoline-electric hybrid Prius cars at the rate of one a minute. The line, in a factory in Toyota City, is part of a strategy by Japan's largest company to expand hybrids from a niche in the marketplace (just 5 percent of its American sales now) to mainstream (25 percent of its sales by 2010).
p2364
aVRandall W. Helmick, the man whose job it is to get the lights back on in New Orleans and many other parts of Louisiana and southern Mississippi, had finally reached his limit. So on Friday afternoon he ordered the televisions turned off in the temporary command center for Entergy, the power company for 1.1 million households and businesses that lost electricity in Hurricane Katrina. The news reports were not helping Mr. Helmick's 100-plus-member team concentrate on coordinating the efforts of thousands of repair workers scattered over hundreds of square miles.
p2365
aVAlexandra Paul, a former star of ''Baywatch,'' is not a satisfied General Motors customer -- to put it mildly. In 2002, G.M. sent a tow truck to her house to reclaim a car she had leased from the company. When it was done, she went inside and cried.
p2366
aVAfter a gap of three decades in orders for nuclear power plants, two companies interested in building new ones announced Thursday that they had formed a partnership intended to create a new business model for the industry. Areva, a French-owned nuclear company with links to the reactor technology developed by Westinghouse and Babcock & Wilcox, and Constellation Energy, a Baltimore company that operates five reactors in Maryland and New York, said they would work together to manufacture, construct and then operate a reactor, and would retain partial ownership, selling the rest to a utility company or other investor.
p2367
aVPorsche announced on Sunday that it planned to amass a 20 percent stake in Volkswagen -- a deal that would make the celebrated maker of sports cars Volkswagen's biggest shareholder and bring together the opposite ends of the German automotive spectrum. Porsche said its investment was aimed at protecting a partner from a hostile takeover. Volkswagen builds much of Porsche's Cayenne sport utility vehicle, and the two recently announced a venture to produce hybrid gasoline-electric vehicles.
p2368
aVThe General Electric Company said on Thursday that its health care unit would buy IDX Systems, which makes software for health care offices, in a deal the companies valued at $1.2 billion. Executives of the companies described the deal as an ideal fit in the rapidly expanding field of information technology for health care.
p2369
aVThe Toyota Motor Corporation said this week that all its vehicles would eventually be run by hybrid gasoline-electric motors, as record fuel prices curb demand for conventional automobiles. ''In the future, the cars you see from Toyota will be 100 percent hybrid,'' Kazuo Okamoto, executive vice president, told reporters in Frankfurt Monday, without giving a specific timetable.
p2370
asS'200508'
p2371
(lp2372
VNBC Universal is readying for a second act nearly two years after being hatched in a $43 billion merger of NBC, owned by the General Electric Company, and Vivendi Universal. Bob Wright, the chairman and chief executive of NBC Universal, is the first to say that all has not gone according to script at the media company. But if things play out according to Mr. Wright's latest rewrite, the managerial wizardry of G.E. will be applied to demonstrate how a world-beating media giant can be built from a suddenly diminished prime-time television powerhouse and a solid, but middling, movie studio.
p2373
aVThe Pentagon said on Monday that it awarded a $2.5 billion contract for work on six test engines for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter to a venture of General Electric and Rolls-Royce of Britain. The Naval Air Systems Command said the contract would pay for work through 2013 on the new fighter jet program, which has the Lockheed Martin Corporation as the prime contractor.
p2374
aVGeneral Electric agreed to pay $1.56 billion for a stake in Turkiye Garanti Bankasi, the third-biggest publicly traded lender in Turkey, where consumer borrowing almost doubled in the past year. General Electric's consumer finance unit will buy 25.5 percent of the bank from Dogus Holding in a deal valuing Garanti at $6.1 billion, according to a statement from the bank's family-controlled holding company.
p2375
aVGeneral Electric plans to seek its first Indian banking license this year and hopes to have more than $10 billion in consumer finance assets there by 2010. G.E. will apply for a license in the fourth quarter, said Vishal Pandit, who heads the Indian arm of GE Money, the company's consumer finance business. G.E., which owns banks in 19 nations, wants to tap growing demand for things like mortgages and credit cards in India. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., is looking for a ninefold expansion of consumer finance assets in India within five years. The company has the equivalent of $1.3 billion in Indian consumer finance assets, and will make acquisitions to raise growth after 2009, when India may ease foreign ownership rules, Mr. Pandit said.
p2376
aVThe Oracle Corporation said Tuesday that it would buy a majority stake in i-flex solutions, India's biggest software company, to gain a more focused array of banking programs. The deal could be worth as much as $909 million. I-flex solutions, based in Mumbai, is the world's leading seller of banking software. The sale is expected to close by the end of the year.
p2377
aVReliant Energy has reached an agreement to pay $460 million to settle claims that it unfairly profited from the West Coast energy crisis in 2000 and 2001, company executives and state officials said yesterday. The settlement will cover several claims brought by electric utilities, ratepayers and officials from three states -- California, Oregon and Washington -- and will bring the total fines and settlements that Reliant has paid to $525 million.
p2378
aV''Still Crazy After All These Years'' would certainly apply to Nantucket's real estate market. For the first six months of 2005, total sales were 23 percent ahead of last year, totaling $616 million. The winner among this year's big spenders: Google's chief executive, Eric E. Schmidt, whose holding company paid north of $16 million for a property that overlooks the Nantucket harbor.
p2379
aVUnited Parcel Service, the world's largest package-shipping company, said yesterday that it had ordered eight 747-400 aircraft from the Boeing Company valued at as much as $1.9 billion. The planes carry a list price, not including customer discounts, of as much as $236 million each.
p2380
aVStocks climbed yesterday on drooping oil prices and an upbeat outlook from Hewlett-Packard. But inflation concerns capped the day's rise, as government data showed wholesale prices for July increased by the largest amount in nine months because of higher gas prices.
p2381
aVStocks managed modest gains yesterday as investors saw a series of corporate acquisitions as a chance to pick up bargains in an otherwise difficult market. Another record high for oil prices muted the gains. The $1.6 billion investment by General Electric in a Turkish bank and the takeover of York International by Johnson Controls assured investors that corporate America was still willing to spend money to expand, even in uncertain economic times.
p2382
asS'200505'
p2383
(lp2384
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would restate its income for the last three years because of technical violations of rules for accounting for gains and losses in contracts for derivatives. The restatement will result in an earnings increase of $381 million, about 0.6 percent of the $65 billion that G.E. made during that period. G.E. executives said that its internal auditors had already begun a review of its derivatives accounting when the Securities and Exchange Commission contacted the company in January, informing it of an informal investigation into the matter and requesting documents.
p2385
aVGeneral Electric will team up with two state-owned Indian companies to find ways to restart the Dabhol power plant, which has been shut down since 2001, the company said Monday. Scott R. Bayman, president of GE India, said in a statement that his company would join with officials from National Thermal Power and Bharat Heavy Electricals to ''determine a course of action for restarting and completing the Dabhol Power Project.''
p2386
aVJeffrey R. Immelt, chairman and chief executive of General Electric, said Friday that he expected G.E.'s revenue in India to leap to more than $5 billion by 2010 from $800 million now. Describing India as a ''rising star,'' Mr. Immelt said on a two-day visit that General Electric would aggressively expand in India, one of the world's fastest-growing economies, with new investment in financial services and manufacturing.
p2387
aVThe chief executive of the General Electric Company, Jeffrey R. Immelt, pushed the company squarely into the global warming debate on Monday, asking the government for a clear energy policy and saying later in an interview that he expected Washington to eventually impose controls on carbon emissions. ''If you look to the future, there is going to be a day when we have standards of some kind pertaining to carbon,'' he said. ''I think most business people are planning for that implicitly, even without anything that's overt.'' The Bush administration has opposed such controls.
p2388
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its consumer finance subsidiary would acquire a 49.99 percent stake in the BAC International Bank in Panama for an undisclosed sum to increase its presence in financial services in Central America. BAC, a privately held bank based in Panama City, is one of Central America's biggest banks and has 178 branches. The bank's Credomatic unit is a leading debit and credit card issuer in the region, with about $1.9 billion in deposits and $1.7 billion in credit card loans, mortgages and other assets, said G.E., which is based in Fairfield, Conn.
p2389
aVIt was a week to give owners of blue chips the blues. The greatest names of American capitalism seemed to vie with one another to see which company could have the most depressing news. General Electric joined the parade yesterday, revealing that its auditors had discovered that, for the last three years, it had failed to apply correctly an accounting rule and would have to restate its financial results.
p2390
aVA chief executive of a unit of General Electric filed a lawsuit yesterday accusing G.E. of underpaying African-American managers, denying them promotions and retaliating when they raise objections. He is seeking $450 million in damages. G.E. denied the accusations and said it would seek to have the suit dismissed.
p2391
aVFour months ago, CNBC began enforcing tough rules that barred its managers and news staff, as well as their spouses and dependents, from owning individual securities. The idea was to avoid potential conflicts of interest in its news coverage, and, despite a bit of grumbling, employees went along. But on May 18, when word got around that the network chairwoman, Pamela Thomas-Graham, had taken a seat on the board of Idenix Pharmaceuticals along with 15,000 stock options and some additional compensation, newsroom grumbling turned into groans.
p2392
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday it had received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission seeking documents related to a type of insurance product used to mitigate losses. State attorneys general and regulators nationwide have been examining the insurance, finite risk insurance, and whether it actually was borrowing that companies used to increase earnings.
p2393
aVBBDO Worldwide in New York, General Electric's longtime advertising agency, was not getting the message. The agency had been offering G.E. its panoply of traditional marketing ideas, leaning heavily on the standard 30-second television spot. But Judy Hu, general manager for global advertising and branding at G.E., demanded something daring. What she eventually got fit the bill: an online campaign with a virtual sprouting seed that computer users can tend and send to people they know by e-mail.
p2394
asS'200504'
p2395
(lp2396
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that earnings increased 25 percent in the first quarter, led by its entertainment and health care units and strong growth across most of its businesses. Net income grew to $4.04 billion, or 38 cents a share, for the quarter from $3.24 billion, or 32 cents, a year ago. Revenue jumped 19 percent, to $39.8 billion, from $33.4 billion. Nine of G.E.'s 11 businesses reported double-digit growth in the first quarter.
p2397
aVGeneral Motors said yesterday that Alan G. Lafley had resigned from its board because he was also a director of the General Electric Company, which competes with G.M. in financial services. Mr. Lafley, 57, who is chief executive of the Procter & Gamble Company, left after a periodic assessment required under antitrust law, G.M. said. The automaker said Erskine Bowles, 59, who was White House chief of staff under President Bill Clinton, had been nominated for the board. Mr. Lafley joined G.M.'s board in August 2001 and became a General Electric director in October 2002. Mr. Bowles will be among 12 nominees for election to the board at the June 7 annual meeting.
p2398
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it had formed a joint venture with Shanghai Xin Hua Control Technologies Company to expand production of power plant control systems in China. G.E. Energy bought a majority share in Xin Hua Control Engineering Company, a maker of steam turbines and power plant control systems and software, to form the venture, General Electric said. Terms were not disclosed. General Electric is based in Fairfield, Conn.
p2399
aVGE Commercial Finance, the business-to-business financial services unit of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it would purchase the inventory finance division of Bombardier Capital for $1.4 billion. GE will also assume $1 billion in debt and other liabilities in the deal. The division, which is part of the financing division of Bombardier, provides financing for a range of equipment in the United States and Canada. The division has headquarters in Colchester, Vt., and has about 280 employees. It has four main business units that provide financing for products including snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, boats, motors and boat trailers, as well as recreational vehicles. G.E. is based in Stamford, Conn.
p2400
aVSpiegel, the mail-order company operating under bankruptcy protection, agreed to borrow $300 million from J.P. Morgan Chase & Company, the General Electric Company and Credit Suisse First Boston to pay creditors under a plan to exit bankruptcy. J.P. Morgan will provide $150 million, G.E.'s finance unit will provide $90 million and Credit Suisse First Boston will provide $60 million, the company said in papers filed Thursday with the United States Bankruptcy Court in New York. The loan is the final piece of Spiegel's plan to exit bankruptcy by giving ownership of the company to Commerzbank and other unsecured creditors. Spiegel is based in Downers Grove, Ill.
p2401
aVIt must have come as a surprise to some readers of In Touch Weekly when the magazine implied that they could get more information than they already had in their hands. ''Get all the news,'' a full-page ad in the April 4 issue said. ''26 issues of In Touch and 26 issues of Newsweek. All for just $39.97.''
p2402
aVThe United States unit of Parmalat Finanziaria, Italy's biggest food company, exited bankruptcy yesterday with a plan to continue selling milk in New York, New Jersey and Michigan. The subsidiary, Farmland Dairies, will pay creditors and expenses with a $56 million loan from LaSalle Business Credit and a $45 million loan from the General Electric Company's GE Commercial Finance unit, according to court papers. In exchange for $39 million in financing provided to Farmland and its Parmalat USA Corporation affiliate during bankruptcy proceedings, General Electric will receive a 70 percent stake in Farmland, all of its preferred stock, $11.6 million in litigation proceeds and up to $2 million in additional payments. Parmalat USA is liquidating its assets and will no longer exist. Farmland and Parmalat USA filed for bankruptcy protection in February 2004, two months after Parmalat Finanziaria, based in Milan, sought bankruptcy protection in Italy.
p2403
aVWorld Wrestling Entertainment said yesterday that it had signed a three-year deal to broadcast its wrestling events featuring sports entertainers on NBC Universal's television networks. Starting in October, World Wrestling's weekly shows will be broadcast on NBC Universal properties; ''Monday Night Raw'' will be seen on the USA Network, and other shows will be on Telemundo and NBC. The agreement with NBC Universal, which is majority owned by General Electric, re-establishes World Wrestling's relationship with the USA network, which started in 1993 and ended in 2000 when ''Monday Night Raw'' moved to Spike TV, part of Viacom. World Wrestling is based in Stamford, Conn.
p2404
aVIn just the last few weeks, the grand plans that were supposed to carry General Motors and Ford Motor into their second centuries have crumbled. Sales at G.M. have fallen, profits have tumbled to losses. Last week, Ford also warned of a drop in earnings. Thursday, in yet another blow, its union refused to give much ground on G.M.'s health care coverage. If that were not enough, G.M.'s stock hit a 12-year low. [Page C1.]
p2405
aVAfter years of speculation that Morgan Stanley would shed its Discover credit card business, the company said last night that it planned to officially sever those ties. But will a spinoff of Discover really pay off? With more than $1.27 billion in profit last year, Discover Financial has been a cash cow for Morgan Stanley, accounting for about 20 percent of its net income last year. While critics have long complained that the unit has taken management's attention away from its core securities business, some question whether an independent Discover will be able to keep investors happy by producing strong earnings growth.
p2406
asS'200507'
p2407
(lp2408
VLast month, officials from Vietnam called on David L. Calhoun, who runs General Electric's brand new infrastructure unit. They huddled in a room at the Waldorf-Astoria to go over a fairly formidable shopping list. The delegation left without placing an order, but Mr. Calhoun said, ''I'm pretty sure we're going to get a near-term hit in airplanes, and a longer-term hit in energy.'' Jeffrey R. Immelt, G.E.'s chief executive, is clearly counting on him to get multiple hits, and from multiple countries. For the first time, G.E. has rolled aircraft engines, rail products, water, energy, oil and gas equipment, and even some finance units, into one all-encompassing collection of businesses, aimed at helping developing countries come of age.
p2409
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its revenue for the second quarter rose 13 percent, to $41.56 billion, and that its earnings jumped 24 percent, to $4.6 billion or 44 cents a share, in line with analysts' expectations. The report is the last one in which G.E., which reorganized into six businesses on July 5, will break out results for 11 separate businesses. The old structure is going out on a high note: For the first time in more than two years, each of the 11 units reported double-digit earnings growth.
p2410
aVThe CIT Group said yesterday that it agreed to sell nearly $1 billion of corporate aircraft leases and loans to General Electric as part of its efforts to streamline its businesses and focus on growth segments. CIT, one of America's largest commercial lenders and consumer finance companies, also said it planned to cut about 200 jobs in North America and incur a charge of $25 million in the second quarter as it looked to consolidate its units and technology systems. The job cuts are not related to the sale, CIT said.
p2411
aVIn an effort to lower expectations for the coming television season, Kevin Reilly, the president of entertainment for NBC, told reporters at a news conference here Sunday that the network might not achieve any ratings improvements soon, and said that NBC was altering the outlook for its financial prospects. ''This season may not see a turnaround for us,'' Mr. Reilly said.
p2412
aVAs double-digit inflation in health care siphons more and more cash from old-line companies with generous benefits, big investors are growing wary. ''Rapidly rising health care costs depress the returns of our pension fund,'' said George Diehr, a health benefits official at the California Public Employees' Retirement System, the nation's largest public pension fund, with more than $180 billion in assets.
p2413
aVWhen Robert J. Amsdell decided to build a ministorage site in western Pennsylvania in the early 1970's, the concept was so new that even his banker was mystified. Back then, moving companies provided temporary storage for customers who were relocating, but did not give them ready access to their belongings. ''He said, 'The whole thing doesn't make sense to me, but if you're willing to sign for it personally, we'll give you the money,''' said Mr. Amsdell, now the chairman and chief executive of U-Store-It, a company based here that went public as a real estate investment trust in October.
p2414
aVLee A. Iacocca is back and still shooting from the hip. After remaining silent during Detroit's recent doldrums, Mr. Iacocca, the 80-year-old former Chrysler chairman, is talking about cars again and even promoting Chrysler's cars in three new commercials. In an interview on Monday, the man who once pulled Chrysler from the brink of bankruptcy in the early 1980's offered his views on the domestic industry and its weakest giant, General Motors.
p2415
aVFor much of his career, Robert A. Lutz has been trying to build a curvy two-seat sports car for people who can't afford a Porsche or a Lexus. He finally has: the Pontiac Solstice. ''The goal was always the same,'' Mr. Lutz, General Motors' 73-year-old vice chairman and product development chief, said in an interview this week. ''Use low-cost mechanical components, change as little as possible, use stuff out of your parts bin and try to get there for under $20,000.''
p2416
aVWhen the Sierra Club approached the Ford Motor Company last year and offered to help promote the company's first hybrid electric vehicle, the company spurned the olive branch. The Sierra Club has long been a nemesis of Detroit automakers and a critic of Ford's chairman and chief executive, William Clay Ford Jr. But when Mr. Ford later heard of the decision, he was said to be angry that an opportunity had been missed to buff the company's image in the way that Toyota has done so deftly with its hybrids.
p2417
aVThe Standard & Poor's 500-stock index closed yesterday at its highest level in four years, after good earnings news from Apple Computer, lower-than-expected inflation in June and stronger-than-expected retail sales. An additional lift came from a sharp drop in the price of crude oil, which fell 3.7 percent to a price below $58 a barrel.
p2418
asS'200506'
p2419
(lp2420
VMarcel T. Thomas, the chief executive of GE Aviation Materials, has been promoted three times since he joined the General Electric Company in 2001. His base salary of $205,000 ranks him 18th among 314 United States-based executives in his grade level at GE Transportation, his unit's parent company. Until this year he has received stellar evaluations and hefty bonuses. But this year, despite a big increase in his unit's sales and profits, he received a low rating and a negligible compensation increase. Mr. Thomas is black, and he believes that his treatment is a result of racial discrimination.
p2421
aVGeneral Electric reorganized its vast operations from 11 businesses into 6 yesterday, promoting three young executives to vice chairmen to run its three biggest operations in a move specifically aimed at keeping them from being hired away. The promotions will reduce the number of executives reporting directly to G.E.'s chairman and chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, who, since taking the top job in 2001, had been extremely hands-on, said Ralph S. Larsen, a G.E. director and chairman of the board's management development and compensation committee.
p2422
aVIAC/InteractiveCorp, controlled by Barry Diller, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its 5.4 percent stake in Vivendi Universal Entertainment for about $3.4 billion, ending a fractious partnership and allowing Mr. Diller to focus on his Internet businesses. Vivendi Universal Entertainment is part of NBC Universal, which is 8o percent owned by General Electric and 20 percent owned by Vivendi Universal. NBC Universal is putting up roughly $900 million to buy Mr. Diller's stake in the entertainment unit, which includes cable networks, Universal Pictures and other assets. The rest of the money is coming from Vivendi Universal, and the deal resolves its legal dispute with Mr. Diller over tax liability issues.
p2423
aVGeneral Motors has the nation's biggest corporate pension fund. And the accounting for that fund may represent the biggest illusion among American corporations. It is no secret that pension accounting is a hall of mirrors that distorts the appearance of both pension plans and the companies that sponsor them. But a new analysis of the 500 largest American companies finds that pension accounting allows nearly all of them with pension funds to inflate their net worth.
p2424
aVInside the Hyatt Regency in Dearborn, Mich., Rick Wagoner, chief executive of General Motors, and other top G.M. officials were meeting on the morning of April 17 with union leaders from around the country. Outside, a throng of reporters staked out the front and back exits. A black Cadillac sedan and a GMC Yukon sport utility were parked at the back exit, waiting, it appeared, for someone important. Just before lunchtime, a security guard stuck his head out the door and flashed a thumbs up. The two vehicles roared off, swooped around the hotel to a third, locked exit, and collected Mr. Wagoner, executing a perfect media head fake.
p2425
aVJayne Atwell describes herself as a ''G.M. gypsy,'' a name General Motors workers have for people who have been shuffled from plant to plant over the years as the company has closed factories and cut its labor force. ''I've had five plants in the last 10 years and I'm still hanging in there,'' said Ms. Atwell, 42, who now builds dashboards at the G.M. Flint Truck Assembly plant here.
p2426
aVRaymond J. McGuire remembers well his first summer job interview for First Boston in 1982 . He was told: You've got five minutes. Shoot your best shot. Mr. McGuire asked, ''What would you have me say?'' The interviewer responded that he now had 4 minutes and 45 seconds.
p2427
aVMost retailers might not want to load up their shelves with expensive electronics that could soon become obsolete or, worse, include technology rejected by most of the industry. But not Frank Roshinski, the vice president for video merchandising at Tweeter, a high-end consumer electronics chain.
p2428
aVOne of China's largest state-controlled oil companies made a $18.5 billion unsolicited bid Thursday for Unocal, signaling the first big takeover battle by a Chinese company for an American corporation. The bold bid, by the China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC), may be a watershed in Chinese corporate behavior, and it demonstrates the increasing influence on Asia of Wall Street's bare-knuckled takeover tactics.
p2429
aVThe Boeing Company, which has been on the upswing after a series of scandals, is expected to appoint the head of the 3M Company as its new chief executive today, people close to the decision said last night. The 3M chief, W. James McNerney Jr., 55, has been a director at Boeing since 2001, and would become the third chief executive in about 18 months. Boeing's board had been actively pursuing candidates over the last few months, winnowing down a list of 20 or so names to a handful of serious contenders.
p2430
asS'200501'
p2431
(lp2432
VThe General Electric Company, citing robust growth in almost all of its major business units, reported record fourth-quarter earnings yesterday. G.E. earned $5.4 billion, or 51 cents a share, an 18 percent increase from the $4.56 billion, or 45 cents a share, it earned in the last quarter of 2003.
p2433
aVThe First Data Corporation, the world's largest processor of credit card payments, has agreed to sell its portfolio of Canadian small-business MasterCards to GE Consumer Finance, a unit of the General Electric Company. First Data, based in Denver, will service the accounts after the sale, the company said. GE Consumer Finance, which provides credit services to consumers, retailers and auto dealers in 41 countries, is one of 12 companies that issue MasterCards in Canada. General Electric is based in Stamford, Conn.
p2434
aVThe Texas Pacific Group, after fighting to keep secret 700 pages of documents about its proposed purchase of Portland General Electric, reversed course yesterday and said it would make the documents public. The decision came after an alternative newspaper, Willamette Week, obtained most of the documents for an article published last week. Nearly every major economic interest in Oregon opposes the purchase, but until now these groups could say little about their reasons for joining consumer groups in opposing the deal because the Oregon Public Utility Commission issued a broad secrecy order at Texas Pacific's request.
p2435
aVAs regulated monopolies, electric utilities are generally allowed to earn about a 10 percent rate of return on their investment in the business. But the Texas Pacific Group, David Bonderman's $13 billion investment fund, expected to make a profit of as much as 38.4 percent a year by acquiring Portland General Electric from the Enron Corporation, documents disclosed by a newspaper in Oregon show. The documents obtained by the newspaper, Willamette Week, showed that Texas Pacific had developed a plan to increase profits through a 50 percent reduction in spending on the utility's biggest power plant, a 26 percent reduction in customer service ranks and an 8.3 percent cut in annual capital spending to maintain the grid.
p2436
aVDiscover Financial Services, the credit card company, said it was teaming up with Wal-Mart Stores to issue a credit card. Discover, a unit of the investment bank Morgan Stanley, said its new cards, to be called Wal-Mart Discover, would be issued by GE Consumer Finance, a unit of the General Electric Company. The Wal-Mart card can be used elsewhere than Wal-Mart stores, the companies said.
p2437
aVStandard & Poor's cut its debt ratings on FLYi Inc., the parent of Independence Air, yesterday and said that the company might default on its debt. On Monday, FLYi said it had reached an agreement with a unit of the General Electric Company to terminate some aircraft leases and borrow $19.5 million for five years, contingent on a reorganization of its other obligations. FLYi has a total of $1.3 billion of debt, including leases. A reorganization of its loans and leases may avert a bankruptcy filing, but would also likely be considered a default, S.&P. said. The agency cut FLYi's corporate credit rating to CC from CCC-minus.
p2438
aVUS Airways has won approval in bankruptcy court to extend the deadline for filing its plan of reorganization to March 31. US Airways executives said they would complete the plan, which will outline the airline's strategy to emerge from bankruptcy and compete with low-cost carriers, by mid-February to meet an obligation to General Electric, which is providing financing. The measure was approved by Judge Stephen Mitchell of United States Bankruptcy Court in Alexandria, Va., who also approved the airline's collective bargaining agreements with three labor groups represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Kristen A. Lee (NYT)
p2439
aVTHE Sequel is totally cool. General Motors' latest hydrogen car prototype, called the Sequel, will be unveiled today at a press preview of the North American International Auto Show here. It is a car unlike any other and a glimpse of a possible, very different, automotive future. Most important, it runs on a hydrogen fuel cell, so its only tailpipe emission is water vapor, not the smog-forming pollutants and greenhouse gases that come out of gasoline-powered cars.
p2440
aVIn a novel attempt to extend health coverage to uninsured workers, 60 large employers are joining together to sponsor an array of low-cost health insurance options. The program, to begin in the fall, will be offered for at least two years and is intended to cover uninsured part-time and temporary workers, contractors, consultants and early retirees, who typically are not eligible for employer health plans. The sponsors, which include General Electric, I.B.M., McDonald's and Sears, Roebuck, will begin promoting the low-cost plans in April and May to 3 million eligible workers, about 7 percent of the 45 million uninsured Americans. They hope that several hundred thousand people will sign up at the start.
p2441
aVThe tale of China's biggest exporter of televisions to the United States -- a company that disclosed huge losses earlier this week -- seemed to take a new turn on Friday with the abrupt dismissal of the Communist Party boss of the company's hometown. The official, Huang Zuejui, a former executive at the company, was party secretary of Mianyang, a city in the Sichuan province of western China that is home to the company, Sichuan Changhong Electric Appliance. He was removed because of ''work needs,'' according to a brief announcement posted Friday on the city's official Web site. City and provincial officials declined to comment further.
p2442
asS'200503'
p2443
(lp2444
VThe General Electric Company raised its forecast for first-quarter earnings by a penny a share yesterday, citing strength across its businesses and proceeds from the sale of 80.5 million shares of Genworth Financial in a secondary offering. Shares of G.E., which is considered a bellwether for the nation's economy because of its wide range of businesses, rose more than half a percent.
p2445
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it planned to sell as much as $2.84 billion of shares in its life and mortgage insurance unit, Genworth Financial, as it shifted resources to consumer and commercial finance. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., said it planned to sell as many as 80.5 million Genworth shares, and that Genworth, based in Richmond, Va., would repurchase $500 million of its shares from G.E. The transactions will cut G.E.'s ownership of Genworth to about 52 percent. G.E. said it planned to continue reducing its stake in Genworth as it pared insurance units in favor of faster-growing businesses.
p2446
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would sell up to 82 million shares of Genworth Financial, an insurance company, cutting its stake in Genworth to 51 percent from 70 percent. The secondary offering is part of G.E.'s plan to pare its insurance business in favor of consumer and commercial finance, which offer better returns on capital. G.E. said it would use proceeds from its sales to eliminate debt at GE Capital, its financial services arm, allowing that unit to increase the dividend it pays G.E. to 40 percent of its earnings from the current 10 percent. G.E. is based in Fairfield, Conn., and Genworth is based in Richmond, Va.
p2447
aVA week after President Bush toured Europe to try to patch up the tattered trans-Atlantic relationship, the American car industry is embarking on its own charm offensive. Whether Detroit will make more headway than Washington is anybody's guess. Cadillac, a unit of General Motors, and the Dodge unit of DaimlerChrysler unveiled new cars at the Geneva Motor Show on Tuesday that they hope will lead a fresh push into the European market.
p2448
aVWhen you finally get the thing you wanted most for years, what do you do with it? That question faces American Express and Discover Financial Services, now that the Supreme Court, in a sweeping decision last October, gave them permission to work with the more than 14,000 financial institutions that issue credit cards through Visa and MasterCard. Until the ruling, Visa International and MasterCard had rules forbidding bank members from working with other networks.
p2449
aVDreamWorks Animation SKG, the film studio run by Jeffrey Katzenberg, posted a fourth-quarter profit of $192 million yesterday on sales of ''Shrek 2,'' last year's best-selling DVD. Net income was $1.99 a share, in contrast to a loss of $36.6 million, or 48 cents a share, a year earlier, said the company, which is based in Glendale, Calif. Revenue more than tripled, to $495.7 million, in DreamWorks Animation's first full quarter as a public company.
p2450
aVOn the Saturday before the Academy Awards, film executives jammed into a tent on a Santa Monica beach to trade accolades at the Independent Spirit Awards, an event devoted to honoring independent films. The open secret, of course, is that most independent film labels today are owned by major Hollywood studios: Focus Features, the producer and distributor of ''Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind,'' is owned by NBC-Universal, a division of General Electric, and Fox Searchlight, which produced last year's critical darling, ''Sideways,'' is a part of Rupert Murdoch's multinational behemoth News Corporation.
p2451
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills tomorrow. At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 2.76 percent.
p2452
aVThe chief executive of the Boeing Company, Harry C. Stonecipher, who was brought out of retirement 15 months ago to clean up the company's tarnished image and restore its credibility, was forced to resign yesterday after admitting an affair with a female Boeing executive. The resignation of Mr. Stonecipher, 68, came as a shock to both Wall Street investors and officials in Washington, who had been closely watching the company's ethical travails. The company, the world's second-largest aerospace company and the Pentagon's No.2 supplier, is struggling to recover from its role in an Air Force procurement scandal, the loss of important government contracts and the jailing of two former top executives.
p2453
aVStocks were little changed for a second day yesterday as a slump set off by higher oil prices wiped out gains that followed increased earnings forecasts from General Electric and Northrop Grumman. ''The market lost a little bit of its wind'' as oil rose, said Evan Olsen, head trader at Stephens Inc. in Little Rock, Ark. ''It's been a pretty tough week with inflation jitters.''
p2454
asS'200502'
p2455
(lp2456
VA director of the General Electric Company's board is stepping down amid criticism over the role he played as a director of the New York Stock Exchange in giving a lucrative retirement and severance package to its former chairman, Richard A. Grasso. Kenneth G. Langone, a well-known financier who co-founded Home Depot, has decided not to stand for re-election to G.E.'s board this year, company officials said Tuesday. ''He stated that he would be energetically defending his work at the New York Stock Exchange and that he didn't want his issues to affect G.E.'s relationships or be a distraction to the board and the shareholders," said Gary Sheffer, a G.E. spokesman.
p2457
aVBuoyed by rising profits from lofty oil prices, Exxon Mobil passed General Electric yesterday to become the largest corporation in the nation measured by stock market value. The two companies traded places after Exxon Mobil shares gained more than 2 percent, having surged 43 percent from a year ago, while G.E.'s stock slipped.
p2458
aVThe General Electric Company said it had won an initial order worth about $150 million for engines to power six Boeing 787 aircraft ordered by First Choice Holidays of Britain. G.E.'s aircraft engine unit will get another $150 million order based on list prices if First Choice exercises its option to buy six more planes. Deliveries are scheduled to begin in 2009, First Choice and G.E. said. Boeing chose G.E. and Rolls-Royce Group last year as engine makers for the 787. A version of G.E.'s engine, called the GEnx and developed for the 787, can also be used on Airbus's competing A350 model.
p2459
aVUS Airways has agreed with its largest creditor to extend by one month the deadline for filing a draft bankruptcy reorganization plan, the airline said yesterday. The new timetable pushes back to March 15 a deadline that had been imposed by General Electric for US Airways to file its reorganization plan. A federal bankruptcy court in Virginia has given US Airways until the end of March to submit a plan. US Airways said it still planned to emerge from bankruptcy no later than June 30.
p2460
aVNBC Universal Television, faced with flagging ratings at its financial news channel, CNBC, said yesterday that it had replaced Pamela Thomas-Graham as president of the cable channel. Ms. Thomas-Graham, who had been president and chief executive of CNBC since July 2001, was named chairman of the network, a new position, the company said. Ms. Thomas-Graham, 41, was succeeded as president by Mark Hoffman, 47, who has been president and general manager of WVIT, the television station owned by NBC in central Connecticut, since September 2001. CNBC's average daily viewership last year -- 145,000 -- represented a drop of more than 50 percent since 2000, according to Nielsen Media Research. NBC Universal is owned by the General Electric Company, which is based in Fairfield, Conn. Jacques Steinberg (NYT)
p2461
aVTwo law firms that represent major American corporations announced plans to merge yesterday in a move that would create one of the nation's largest law firms, with 900 lawyers and more than $600 million in revenue. The agreement was reached between Pillsbury Winthrop L.L.P. of San Francisco and Shaw Pittman L.L.P. of Washington and is expected to be approved by partners from both firms. The firm will be named Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman L.L.P. Mary B. Cranston, chairwoman of Pillsbury, said she would lead the combined company from San Francisco. Pillsbury Winthrop employs about 700 lawyers; Shaw Pittman has 350. More than 100 lawyers are expected to lose their jobs, Ms. Cranston said. Among the firms' clients are Wells Fargo & Company and General Electric.
p2462
aVAVIALL, Dallas, an independent distributor of new airplane parts, said that General Electric, Fairfield, Conn., had given it exclusive rights to distribute spare parts for GE's CF6-50 and CF6-80A aircraft engines. LOCKHEED MARTIN, Bethesda, Md., the military contractor, said it had received a $532 million order from the United States Army for the latest version of the Patriot missile, with some of them going to Japan and the Netherlands in the first international sale of the weapons. PEROT SYSTEMS, Plano, Tex., the computer services company founded by the billionaire Ross Perot, won a seven-year contract worth $200 million from Wolters Kluwer, a Dutch publisher.
p2463
aVA week after President Bush toured Europe to try to patch up the tattered trans-Atlantic relationship, the American car industry is embarking on its own charm offensive. Whether Detroit will make more headway than Washington is anybody's guess. Cadillac, a unit of General Motors, and the Dodge unit of DaimlerChrysler unveiled new cars at the Geneva Motor Show on Tuesday that they hope will lead a fresh push into the European market.
p2464
aVThe Enron Corporation made more than $1.67 billion in Western states over a six-year period that included the region's energy crisis -- money the company, now in bankruptcy protection, may be required to return, federal energy officials testified Monday. Officials in California immediately criticized the estimate as more than $1 billion too low.
p2465
aVToyota, the world's second-largest carmaker, posted a 3.5 percent rise in quarterly profits on Thursday as spending on its ambitious global expansion plans curtailed growth in its earnings. Toyota, second only to General Motors in the number of cars sold last year, posted a net profit of 296.5 billion yen, or $2.85 billion, for the three months ended Dec. 31. Sales rose 6 percent, to 4.64 trillion yen, or $44.7 billion, for the quarter.
p2466
asS'197012'
p2467
(lp2468
sS'197010'
p2469
(lp2470
sS'197011'
p2471
(lp2472
sS'200211'
p2473
(lp2474
VThe General Electric Company, a maker of medical-imaging equipment, agreed to buy the closely held Millbrook Corporation to expand its medical-information-management business into doctor's offices. The terms were not disclosed. Millbrook's record-keeping software is used in more than 2,200 physician practices in the United States, the companies said in a statement. Millbrook is based in Carrollton, Tex. GE Medical Systems is based in Waukesha, Wis.
p2475
aVThe European Commission gave General Electric the clearance yesterday to buy the structured finance unit of ABB Ltd. for $2.3 billion. ABB will use the cash proceeds of the sale, scheduled to close on Nov. 29, to reduce its $4.1 billion debt. G.E. now appears to have overcome its problems with European regulators. G.E. said the purchase ''significantly broadens the products and services'' offered by its European structured-finance operations. The unit, which employs 500 people in 11 countries, provides loans and leasing opportunities to companies for large infrastructure projects like shipping and railways. The sale helps ABB, the Swiss industrial giant, stay on track to meeting its debt reduction target by the end of the year, its chief financial officer, Peter Voser, said in a statement. Alison Langley (NYT)
p2476
aVGeneral Electric's aircraft engine has been selected to power a regional jet in development in China, a step that represents a potential market of $3 billion over 20 years, G.E. said yesterday. AVIC I Commercial Aircraft of China signed a letter of intent to use G.E.'s CF34-10A engine to power the ARJ21 regional jet. The companies said they expected a potential market for 500 of the jets in the next 20 years. The engine, made by G.E. Aircraft Engines in Evendale, Ohio, are due to enter service in 2007. In a separate announcement yesterday, G.E. Power Systems, another division of the company, agreed to acquire Osmonics of Minnetonka, Minn., for about $248 million in stock. Osmonics makes equipment for water purification and fluid filtration. The deal, which is subject to the approval of shareholders and government approvals, is expected to close in the first quarter of 2003. Osmonics shares rose 24 percent,, to $16.75 a share.
p2477
aVGeneral Electric cut its profit estimate for 2003 yesterday and said it would take a $2.1 billion pretax charge this quarter to increase reserves at its insurance division. But the company's stock rose 8.2 percent, as investors discounted the charge, which had been expected, and focused on General Electric's plans to raise its dividend and its optimistic projections for several divisions.
p2478
aVGE Industrial Systems, a unit of General Electric, has acquired Infographic Systems of Garden Grove, Calif., a privately held provider of access control products and systems for electronic security and premises management. Financial terms were not disclosed. GE Industrial said that Infographic Systems' products included electronic access control, alarm monitoring, photo badging and video imaging. GE Industrial said the acquisition would continue its expansion in the $20 billion electronic security industry. Infographic Systems will become part of GE Interlogix, a unit of GE Industrial Systems.
p2479
aVThe General Electric Company said today that two directors would step down as the company moved to strengthen corporate governance and make its board more independent. The company said the two directors, Scott McNealy, the chief executive of Sun Microsystems, and Paolo Fresco, the chairman of Fiat, would leave at the end of the year. Mr. McNealy's company is a customer, supplier and financial partner of General Electric, while Mr. Fresco is a former vice chairman.
p2480
aVTHREE decades ago, Dr. Craig Marks consigned his greatest feat of engineering to the scrap heap. Dr. Marks, who oversaw General Motors' futuristic engineering projects in the 1960's, had created a prototype that took more than two years and a staff of 250 to construct. It was called the Electrovan, the automotive industry's first attempt at making an automobile powered by a hydrogen fuel cell -- a technology now embraced as the power train of the future.
p2481
aVThe board of Tyco International is considering whether to renominate two directors who had planned to step down after fraud charges were brought against the company's two top former executives, people involved in the discussion said yesterday. The decision would be a reversal for Tyco's board, which voted in September not to support the re-election of 9 of its 11 directors in an effort to restore confidence in the company.
p2482
aVThe latest set of asset sales by the El Paso Corporation, one of the nation's largest energy companies, is drawing a fresh round of criticism from experts, who say that the deals raise troubling conflicts of interest. In two big transactions earlier this year, the company agreed to sell more than $1.5 billion in pipelines and other property to another publicly traded company that it created and controls, El Paso Energy Partners L.P.
p2483
aVIn the first major settlement to come out of the California energy deregulation debacle, the Williams Companies agreed yesterday to pay more than $400 million to settle accusations that it helped drive up prices and overcharged customers during the state's electric power crisis. Williams, one of the nation's biggest suppliers of electricity and natural gas, said it would settle a broad set of civil claims with three West Coast states -- California, Oregon and Washington -- and also resolve class-action lawsuits. As part of the settlement, California said it would not seek customer refunds.
p2484
asS'200210'
p2485
(lp2486
VGeneral Electric named two directors to its board yesterday, increasing the number of independent members at a time of growing scrutiny of corporate governance. The new directors are Alan G. Lafley, 55, chairman, president and chief executive of the Procter & Gamble Company, and Robert J. Swieringa, 60, dean of the Johnson School of Management at Cornell University. Both directors satisfy the independence requirements under proposed New York Stock Exchange rules, G.E. said. Independent members are not G.E. employees and have no material business relationships with the company.
p2487
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would invest $52 million over the next five years to build its first European research laboratory in Garching, on the outskirts of Munich. The laboratory is expected to employ 150 scientists by 2005. G.E. said the lab would focus on technology development in areas like renewable energy, medical imaging and materials science rather than on fundamental research. G.E. opened its first overseas lab in 2000, in Bangalore, India, and is building another, in Shanghai. Barnaby J. Feder (NYT)
p2488
aVGeneral Electric, managing to offset profit declines in many units with several one-time gains, said yesterday that it earned $4.09 billion, or 41 cents a share, in the third quarter, and confirmed its expectations of earning $1.65 a share for the year. The earnings were almost 25 percent higher than the $3.28 billion, or 33 cents a share, that G.E. earned in the period a year earlier, and were in line with analysts expectations.
p2489
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that about $800 million in investment securities, primarily held by its insurance businesses, were at risk of being charged against earnings over the next 12 months. The securities are made up mostly of investment-grade debt held by GE Insurance units, the company said in a quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Of those securities whose carrying amount exceeded fair value at the end of September, about $800 million is at risk of turning into losses. G.E. also said its exposure to US Airways and United Airlines was $4.4 billion, including loans, leases and commitments under airline financing programs. The company said it had made provisions for probable losses but did not give a figure.
p2490
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., the former chairman and chief executive of General Electric, is trying to bring in Daniel K. Webb, a prominent trial lawyer and a former United States attorney in Chicago, to work on his pending divorce from Jane Beasley Welch. Mr. Webb, a partner at Winston & Strawn in Chicago, has represented Philip Morris in tobacco litigation and has recently been hired by Microsoft for a new round in the government's antitrust battle. Controversial cases are a natural for trial lawyers, he has said, because those are the ones where the parties do not settle but instead go to trial.
p2491
aVThe California Public Employees' Retirement System, the largest pension fund in the nation, approved moves today to reduce its exposure to bond markets and to take on General Electric over the issue of executive pay. Calpers, as the fund is known, approved a staff proposal to make the first major change in its portfolio in more than two years, reducing the weight of fixed-income holdings in favor of ''alternative'' investments like real estate and private equity.
p2492
aVGE Capital, the financing arm of General Electric, said yesterday that it planned to close its money-losing $3 billion private equity fund. Employees were told this week that the fund, called GE Equity, would no longer make new investments in private companies, according to a G.E. spokesman, Peter Stack. He emphasized that G.E. would continue to give financial support to companies within its existing portfolio of about 250 companies. G.E. said on Oct. 11 that the fund, battered by technology investments, had posted a third-quarter loss of $167 million.
p2493
aVGE Aircraft Engines, a division of General Electric, announced yesterday that it would eliminate 1,000 jobs this year and as many as 1,800 jobs next year because of a slump in the airline industry. The reductions in 2003 are expected to involve 1,200 to 1,800 jobs, said David Calhoun, chief executive of the division, based in Evendale, Ohio. The cuts are needed, Mr. Calhoun said, because of the airline industry's losses and decisions to ground jets and reduce schedules and engine orders. The first employees to lose their jobs will be notified starting next week. A spokesman, Rick Kennedy, said the company hoped that early retirements and voluntary departures would reduce the number of layoffs. Mr. Calhoun said he did not foresee a recovery until as late as 2005.
p2494
aVILLINOIS POWER, Decatur, Ill., a provider of electricity and a unit of Dynegy Inc., Houston, said it would sell its high-voltage 1,700-mile, electric transmission system to Trans-Elect Inc., Washington, an owner or general partner for 12,600 miles of transmission lines, for $239 million. LEXISNEXIS, Dayton, Ohio, the legal information and publishing unit of Reed Elsevier Group, London, said it would buy Anderson Publishing Co., Cincinnati, for $21 million to expand its line of products for legal professionals practicing at small firms.
p2495
aVA European Union court overturned a ruling today by the union's executive body that had blocked a proposed corporate takeover on antitrust grounds. The decision dealt a blow to the union's antitrust policy for the second time in four months.
p2496
asS'201207'
p2497
(lp2498
VIt's no secret that programmers at start-ups are predominantly men. A group of technology companies hopes to change that. On Tuesday, Twitter, General Electric, Google and eBay announced that they were joining an initiative called ''Girls Who Code,'' which they hope will increase the number of young women who become programmers and engineers. They want to create a mentoring and teaching program. The Girls Who Code group was founded by Reshma Saujani, a former New York City deputy public advocate, who plans to begin the coding program in New York this summer.
p2499
aVA boardroom coup at Duke Energy, the nation's largest electric utility, is expected to come under scrutiny on Tuesday when North Carolina regulators question the company's chief executive. James E. Rogers, Duke's chief, has been in a harsh spotlight since last week, when Duke closed its $26 billion merger with Progress Energy, a rival. The transaction, struck 18 months ago, called for Progress's chief executive, William D. Johnson, to run the combined company. But just hours after the deal's completion, the Duke-dominated board ousted Mr. Johnson and put Mr. Rogers in charge.
p2500
aVUber, a start-up based in San Francisco, has won a following among urbanites with its novel twist on calling a car service: its app lets you summon a luxury sedan with a tap on your phone. Now it is trying to appeal to the less affluent by adding less luxurious cars. In San Francisco and New York on Wednesday, Uber will start to give customers the option of choosing a hybrid car at a price that it says will be 10 to 25 percent more than a taxi. That compares with the 40 to 100 percent premium that customers pay for a black town car.
p2501
aVA single company purchased more than 50,000 Hewlett-Packard computers last year, buying in bulk to shave millions of dollars off its costs. But it was not General Electric, Procter & Gamble or another large, multinational conglomerate with the muscle to dictate prices to suppliers. Rather, the big buyer was the Blackstone Group, a private equity firm.
p2502
aV9:38 p.m. | Updated A former board member involved in a merger that created the nation's largest electric utility has blasted an abrupt leadership change at the company.
p2503
aVMY career has not been a straight path, which I attribute to my family's penchant for experimenting. My mother was a Girl Scout leader who later worked on political campaigns and then became president of the Ohio Genealogical Society. My father was a civil engineer with an interest in the arts. My sister moved from a business career to the arts. Although I majored in theater at Miami University in Ohio, I chose a business career. I have skills and experiences from several different jobs and industries. After graduating from college in 1981, I completed a management training program at a department store in Ohio, then worked as a buyer for Snyder's department store in Louisville, Ky.
p2504
asS'200212'
p2505
(lp2506
VGeneral Electric is close to a deal to buy the Instrumentarium Corporation, a Finnish medical equipment maker, for about $2 billion in cash, executives close to the negotiations said last night. An announcement is expected today. G.E.'s board approved the deal yesterday, and Instrumentarium's directors are planning to vote on the transaction in Helsinki this morning. The transaction would bolster G.E.'s medical-systems business, especially in Europe, by adding Instrumentarium's set of medical technologies like its anesthesia delivery and monitoring systems. Jeffrey R. Immelt, G.E.'s chairman and chief executive, hinted yesterday that he planned to expand the company's medical businesses through acquisitions as he reiterated the company's lowered earnings forecast for this year. A spokesman for G.E. declined to comment on the talks yesterday. A spokesman for Instrumentarium could not be reached. Andrew Ross Sorkin (NYT)
p2507
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would buy Instrumentarium, a Finnish company that makes anesthesia and critical care medical systems, for $2.06 billion. G.E. will combine Instrumentarium with its medical systems unit. That unit said the acquisition, which would be its largest ever, is part of its plan to take part in treating diseases, not just monitoring and diagnosing them. G.E., which is based in Fairfield, Conn., offered to pay 40 euros a share, a 47 percent premium on Instrumentarium's closing stock price Tuesday.
p2508
aVFederal antitrust enforcers said yesterday that they would not oppose General Electric's $253 million purchase of Osmonics Inc., a maker of water filtration systems. The Federal Trade Commission said antitrust officials had ended their investigation of the deal without taking any action. G.E.'s purchase of Osmonics is part of plans to form a water treatment business with about $1.4 billion in annual revenue and 5,400 employees in combination with G.E. Betz and G.E. Water Technologies. Osmonics is based in Minnetonka, Minn.
p2509
aVGeneral Motors, which has been the most reticent major carmaker when it came to the prospects for hybrid vehicles, intends to offer some form of hybrid electric power on five of its major models over the next four production years, according to people briefed on the plan. G.M.'s plan, which will be announced next month at the North American International Auto Show here, is a surprising endorsement of the fledgling hybrid technology, which improves gasoline mileage by supplementing the internal combustion engine with electric power. G.M., the largest automaker, will offer several versions of the hybrid technology. The most advanced will be on the Saturn Vue sport utility vehicle, while less advanced versions will be available on the GMC Sierra and Chevrolet Silverado pickup trucks, a coming Chevrolet pickup called the Equinox and the Chevrolet Malibu.
p2510
aVIf anyone finds coal in his stocking this Christmas, John F. Welch Jr., the former chief executive of General Electric, might be a good candidate. So says Jobs With Justice, a worker advocacy group, that named G.E. ''National Grinch of the Year 2002'' because of Mr. Welch's lavish retirement package. Each year Jobs With Justice makes the award to draw attention to those in powerful positions who, in its view, have done the most to hurt working families. In an Internet poll, G.E. won, with 37 percent of 1,700 votes cast. The company was cited for proposing increases in payments that G.E. workers and retirees must pay for their health plan, while giving Mr. Welch a multimillion-dollar retirement package that included payments for his apartment, V.I.P. tickets at Yankee Stadium, and even his laundry. ''While G.E. picks the pockets of working families and retirees, it is lavishing perks on current and retired executives,'' the group. ''The most notorious is former C.E.O. Jack Welch.''
p2511
aVThe General Electric Company's union workers are planning their first national strike in more than 30 years as the company prepares to raise health care co-payments on Jan. 1. The unions will set a strike date once the company raises the medical costs, said Lauren Asplen, spokeswoman for the International Union of Electrical-Communications Workers of America. About 17,500 workers at General Electric are preparing for a walkout as the unions set picket assignments and prepare strike materials and headquarters, she said.
p2512
aVAnil Duggal is 37 years old, but he looks like a mischievous boy as he turns his office lights low. He hits a button and grins gleefully as the flat panel he holds generates a white glow bright enough to light the room. The panel is made from thin sheets of specially treated plastic on glass that seems to generate almost as much light from a small jolt of electricity as an incandescent light bulb running on standard current.
p2513
aVHEWLETT-PACKARD CO., Palo Alto, Calif., signed a five-year agreement to provide computers and services to DirecTV, the satellite TV business of Hughes Electronics, a unit of General Motors, Detroit. Terms were not disclosed. GILLETTE CO., Boston, said its board had increased a stock repurchase plan to 150 million shares from 125 million.
p2514
aVGUIDANT CORP., Indianapolis, a maker of medical devices, bought the closely held Cardiac Intelligence Corp. for $19.3 million. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said it had won a five-year contract to provide the ChevronTexaco Corp., San Francisco, with equipment.
p2515
aVBAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC., Deerfield, Ill., said it would sell the majority of its renal services business to focus primarily on products for the treatment of kidney disease. Baxter plans to take a fourth-quarter charge of $250 million, or 40 cents a share. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., a maker of medical-imaging equipment, bought USA Instruments Inc., Cleveland, a supplier of coils used in its magnetic resonance imaging machines. Terms were not disclosed.
p2516
asS'201201'
p2517
(lp2518
VABB of Sweden is near a deal to buy Thomas & Betts, an American maker of electrical connectors, for about $4 billion in cash, a person briefed on the matter said on Sunday. The deal could be announced as soon as Monday, this person said, cautioning that talks were ongoing and may still fall apart.
p2519
aVDETROIT -- A Japanese auto supplier, the Yazaki Corporation, agreed to pay one of the largest ever antitrust fines, and four of its executives will serve up to two years in prison for price-fixing and bid-rigging, the Justice Department said Monday. Yazaki, based in Tokyo, agreed to a $470 million fine for engaging in three conspiracies that began as long ago as 2000 and continued until 2010, when the government's investigation into the matter began. The executives who pleaded guilty were Japanese nationals who worked in Ohio and Kentucky overseeing sales of parts used by Honda and Toyota.
p2520
aVIN the hunt for innovation, that elusive path to economic growth and corporate prosperity, try a little jazz as an inspirational metaphor. That's the message that John Kao, an innovation adviser to corporations and governments -- who is also a jazz pianist -- was to deliver in a performance and talk on Saturday at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Jazz, Mr. Kao says, demonstrates some of the tensions in innovation, between training and discipline on one side and improvised creativity on the other.
p2521
asS'201203'
p2522
(lp2523
VSUSAN PETERSVice president, executive development, and chief learning officer at General Electric. THOMAS EDISON, the founder of General Electric, said, ''I find out what the world needs, then I proceed to invent it.'' G.E. now files an average of more than five patents per day -- 20,000 patents over the last decade.
p2524
aVRobert L. Nardelli is ending his formal ties to Cerberus Capital Management, the private equity firm that installed him as the chief executive of Chrysler nearly two years before the carmaker filed for bankruptcy. In a statement on Friday, Cerberus said that Mr. Nardelli had stepped down as the chief executive of Cerberus Operations and Advisory Company, or COAC, a unit of the firm that provides management and operations advice to Cerberus portfolio companies. Mr. Nardelli is also resigning as the chief executive of the Freedom Group, the sprawling conglomeration of gun makers that includes Remington Arms and Bushmaster Firearms, which is also owned by Cerberus.
p2525
aV8:07 p.m. | Updated More than three years after Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy, the estate of the failed Wall Street firm emerged from Chapter 11 protection on Tuesday as a sliver of its former self, devoted to paying off creditors.
p2526
aVMIDLAND, Tex. -- The desolate stretch of West Texas desert known as the Permian Basin is still the lonely domain of scurrying roadrunners by day and howling coyotes by night. But the roar of scores of new oil rigs and the distinctive acrid fumes of drilling equipment are unmistakable signs that crude is gushing again. And not just here. Across the country, the oil and gas industry is vastly increasing production, reversing two decades of decline. Using new technology and spurred by rising oil prices since the mid-2000s, the industry is extracting millions of barrels more a week, from the deepest waters of the Gulf of Mexico to the prairies of North Dakota.
p2527
asS'201202'
p2528
(lp2529
VLate last week, in a shadowy Manhattan boardroom, 16 deal makers gathered to lay the groundwork for multibillion-dollar deals that would move the markets - if only they were real. At the first Wall Street Training Valuation Case Competition, aspiring moguls turned synergies into sport, in a deal simulation contest that was equal parts ''American Idol'' and ''Glengarry Glen Ross.''
p2530
aVLate last week, in a shadowy Manhattan boardroom, 16 deal makers gathered to lay the groundwork for multibillion-dollar deals that would move the markets - if only they were real. At the first Wall Street Training Valuation Case Competition, aspiring moguls turned synergies into sport, in a deal simulation contest that was equal parts ''American Idol'' and ''Glengarry Glen Ross.''
p2531
aVLONG before social media transformed the way Super Bowl commercials were evaluated, USA Today assembled focus groups each year that judged the advertising hits and flops. The results of the USA Today Super Bowl Ad Meter panels, introduced in 1989, became closely watched scorecards that influenced how spots in the game were created. How influential did the Ad Meter become? A Super Bowl advertiser, CareerBuilder, that fared well in the Ad Meter in 2006 placed its account in review when its commercials failed to make the top 10 in the Ad Meter a year later.
p2532
asS'201209'
p2533
(lp2534
VMENLO PARK, Calif. -- New York, London and Hong Kong are common addresses for blue-chip multinationals. Now Silicon Valley is, too. From downtown San Francisco to Palo Alto, companies like American Express and Ford are opening offices and investing millions of dollars in local start-ups. This year, American Express opened a venture capital office in Facebook's old headquarters in downtown Palo Alto. Less than three miles away, General Motors ' research lab houses full-time investment professionals, recent transplants from Detroit.
p2535
aVOne of the country's longest-running insider trading lawsuits has just gotten longer. A federal appeals court on Thursday revived a decade-old insider-trading case brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission against Nelson J. Obus, a New York hedge fund manager.
p2536
asS'201208'
p2537
(lp2538
VFisker Automotive, the struggling manufacturer of luxury plug-in hybrid cars, has chosen Tony Posawatz, who led the development of the Chevrolet Volt , as chief executive, the company announced in a teleconference on Tuesday.Mr. Posawatz, who recently retired from General Motors after a 32-year career, will succeed Tom LaSorda, the former Chrysler and General Motors executive who became Fisker's chief just five months ago .
p2539
asS'196806'
p2540
(lp2541
sS'196807'
p2542
(lp2543
sS'196804'
p2544
(lp2545
sS'196805'
p2546
(lp2547
sS'196802'
p2548
(lp2549
sS'196803'
p2550
(lp2551
sS'197407'
p2552
(lp2553
sS'196801'
p2554
(lp2555
sS'197409'
p2556
(lp2557
sS'197408'
p2558
(lp2559
sS'196808'
p2560
(lp2561
sS'196809'
p2562
(lp2563
sS'198611'
p2564
(lp2565
VThe General Electric Company said today that it would close its manufacturing plant for color television tubes in July 1987, eliminating 655 hourly and 135 salaried jobs in Syracuse. G.E. officials said the Cathode Ray Tube division, which produced in relatively small volume, could no longer compete in the highly price-sensitive market - especially in the face of strong competition from Japan and South Korea.
p2566
aVBlaming excess production and depressed markets, the General Electric Company said it would close its Phoenix-line medium motor production department and lay off about 825 workers.
p2567
aVThe General Electric Company said that it had agreed to sell its battery business to the Gates Corporation, and that after the sale it would sell rechargeable batteries made by Gates in the consumer market. G.E. said that although its industrial battery business has a world leadership position, it does not fit strategically with other G.E. businesses. Terms of the sale were not disclosed. In 1985, G.E. reported sales of $140 million from its battery business, and Gates reported sales of $42.8 million from its battery operations. G.E. said that in the industrial and original-equipment markets, Gates would have use of the G.E. name for one year after completion of the sale.
p2568
aVThe General Electric Company said that it and Rolls-Royce Ltd. of Britain were ending a financing arrangement on aircraft engines. Under a 1984 agreement, G.E. purchased a 15 percent share in the manufacture and sale of Rolls-Royce's engines used in Boeing 757 short-to-medium-range aircraft.
p2569
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would stop building large transformers - the huge machines that regulate voltage for electricity generating stations -in the United States. It also said it would combine its transformer operations in Canada with those of Westinghouse. G.E. gave no financial details about either the closing of its United States large-transformer division in Pittsfield, Mass., or the proposed venture of its Canadian subsidiary, Canadian General Electric, with Westinghouse Canada Inc.
p2570
aVThe National Broadcasting Company and Westinghouse Broadcasting and Cable Inc. briefed key members of the Federal Communications Commission staff today about a possible merger of their radio operations. The briefing was the first that the broadcasting companies have given the F.C.C. since merger discussions began several months ago. Industry analysts saw it as a signal that the two companies might be on the verge of making a formal proposal to the agency.
p2571
aNaVIn a year at the helm of the Consumers Power Company, William T. McCormick Jr. has generally won praise for steering the nation's 14th-largest utility away from financial disaster. But many skeptics contend that a vital element of the company's turnaround may yet elude him. The root of the problems confronting the 41-year-old chairman and chief executive is Consumers' 18-year, $4.2 billion attempt to construct a nuclear power plant in Midland, Mich. In 1984, when Consumers abandoned the installation, then 85 percent complete, the utility was saddled with debt and losses, and the Michigan Public Service Commission forced it to cancel dividends on its common stock until 1988. Now Mr. McCormick's hope is that the cause of Consumers' downfall can be used to insure its comeback. His goal is to convince the Public Service Commission to approve rate increases so the company can recoup, over 15 years, $2.1 billion of the $3.7 billion in Midland investment that is still on its books.
p2572
aNaVTHE news last July that France's leading telephone company was buying the ITT Corporation's telecommunications business made headlines in the United States and Europe. But few people read the reports as attentively as Karlheinz Kaske, chief executive of Siemens A.G., the giant West German electrical company. The deal posed a threat to Siemens, since the ITT package included Standard Elektrik Lorenz, a major Siemens competitor in German telecommunications. Worse still, it was taking place just as the American Telephone and Telegraph Company was angling to buy a share in France's second-largest telecommunications company - thus raising the prospect of two French-American telecommunications partnerships. Mr. Kaske responded with characteristic agility. In two frenetic weeks, he opened negotiations from Munich, made an offer of $47 million -roughly three times the American bid - for A.T.&T.'s French target, a stake in Compagnie Generale de Constructions Telephoniques, and flew to Bonn and Paris to urge a ''European solution.'' ''If the French buy Standard Elektrik, that's O.K.,'' Mr. Kaske said. ''We won't be provincial. The only thing we want is a similar opportunity in the French market.''
p2573
asS'198610'
p2574
(lp2575
VThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that earnings in the third quarter rose 5 percent on a 42.3 percent increase in sales. The company, which makes electric products and provides financial services, said that its improved performance was largely a result of its acquisition of the RCA Corporation and its NBC network. General Electric, based in Fairfield, Conn., said its net income increased to $604 million, or $1.32 a share, from $575 million, or $1.26 a share, in the corresponding period last year. Sales jumped to $9.28 billion from $6.52 billion.
p2576
aVThe General Electric Company is looking to sell its semiconductor operations, according to The Electronic News. The weekly trade newspaper reported that G. E. had approached Motorola Inc., Oki Electric Company of Japan and Siemens of West Germany as potential buyers of its Intersil Inc. subsidiary in Cupertino, Calif., and the solid state operations of the RCA Corporation, which was acquired by G.E.
p2577
aVThe General Electric Company has combined the RCA Service Company into G.E. operations. It said the former RCA Service headquarters here will lose 450 jobs during the coming year.
p2578
aVON-THE-JOB training combined with a master's degree are advantages of a program offered by the General Electric Company. Each year, it selects a dozen or 15 college seniors for its software technology program. David E. Priest, manager-software engineering services, describes it this way: ''Our aim is to develop software professionals for future technical leadership positions within the company. We offer a unique combination of academic and industrial training.'' In fact, he knows of no other company that offers such a program. Mr. Priest defines software engineering as the ''application of sound engineering principles to development and maintaining of software.''
p2579
aVSouth Korea's state-owned Korea Electric Power Corporation has provisionally selected three American companies to supply equipment and services for its 10th and 11th nuclear power plants, at a total cost of $3 billion. Combustion Engineering Inc. will supply pressurized light-water reactors, the General Electric Company will provide turbines, and Sargent & Lundy Engineers will consult on engineering and design. Formal contracts are expected to be signed in February.
p2580
aVThe Detroit Edison Company said it would buy out a minority owner of its trouble-plagued Fermi 2 nuclear power plant for $550 million in 1990, leaving the seller with $200 million in Federally guaranteed debt from the project. The Wolverine Power Supply Cooperative holds 12.5 percent of the Fermi plant, down from 20 percent when it got involved in the late 1970's.
p2581
aNaNaVThe United States Secretary of Defense, Caspar W. Weinberger, is expected to sign a contract to supply 10 F-404 engines for India's prototype light combat aircraft during a visit to New Delhi from Oct. 11 to 14, the United News of India News Agency said.
p2582
aVNorthwest Airlines, which on Wednesday said it would buy up to $3.2 billion worth of aircraft and parts from the Airbus European consortium, said yesterday that it was talking with two groups for engines to power the planes.
p2583
asS'198612'
p2584
(lp2585
VThe Navy announced today that it had chosen the General Electric Company over the Grumman Corporation for full-scale engineering development of an automated system to help maintain carrier-based aircraft. No figures were announced, but published reports have indicated that the Consolidated Automated Support System could be worth $2 billion to its developer. G.E. and Grumman have been fighting for the go-ahead to develop the standardized equipment that will be used to maintain the Navy's carrier-based aircraft.
p2586
aVThe Chinese Government has indicated that it plans to buy General Electric Company engines to power five new Boeing airplanes, a deal valued at about $130 million to G.E. According to a G.E. spokesman, Sandy McCord, the Beijing regional administration of the Civil Aviation Administration of China has signed a memo of understanding to purchase G.E. engines for three four-engine 747's and two twin-engine 767's, plus spare engines. Deliveries of the 767 engines are scheduled to begin in early 1988, and of the 747 engines in early 1989.
p2587
aVKidder, Peabody & Company, the Wall Street investment firm 80 percent owned by the General Electric Company, said that it had received $500 million as expected from its parent company to bolster Kidder's presence in takeovers and leveraged buyouts. The $500 million, in a subordinated revolving credit arrangement, could be leveraged into as much as $2 billion, Kidder chairman and chief executive Ralph DeNunzio said.
p2588
aVNigel D.T. Andrews has a hard act to follow. Yesterday the General Electric Company announced that he would be the company's new vice president for business development and planning, effective Feb. 16. Mr. Andrews succeeds Michael A. Carpenter, who held the post during G.E.'s extensive reshaping program and was the architect of the recent RCA acquisition. Mr. Andrews said yesterday that one of his principal tasks would be to identify new industries in which G.E. might seek acquisitions. ''I certainly hope that I can come in and pull off an RCA, too,'' he said.
p2589
aVThe National Broadcasting Company said that it would not proceed with a plan to merge its radio stations with the Westinghouse Electric Corporation. The companies had proposed creating a new company spun off from the two parent companies.
p2590
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation joined the battle for the contract to build a new generation of British surveillance planes, announcing a deal that would give a British company $1.6 billion in work if the American Airborne Warning and Control System plane is selected. The Westinghouse agreement is with the Plessey Company, a leading British electronics concern.
p2591
aVWithin days, the British Government is expected to make a military procurement decision that will have a great impact not only on a multibillion-dollar segment of the global aerospace business, but also on domestic politics. The Government must choose between two suppliers for airborne-early-warning aircraft - planes stuffed with radar and computer gear to detect enemy movements and to act as mobile command posts. The rivals are the Boeing Company's Airborne Warning and Control Systems, known as AWACS, and the British General Electric Company's Nimrod. Cost and performance will be important considerations, to be sure. But far more than with most military-purchase decisions, the politics of the choice must be weighed carefully by the Government of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
p2592
aVThe Holiday Corporation said Friday that it had sold eight Embassy Suites hotels to partnerships between it and the General Electric Company's General Electric Pension Trust for about $195 million.
p2593
aVThe General Electric Company, the giant electric and television concern, moved further into factory automation today by announcing a $200 million joint venture with Fanuc Ltd. of Japan. The G.E. Fanuc Automation Corporation will be based in Charlottesville, with three operating units: G.E. Fanuc Automation Europe S.A. in Luxembourg, Fanuc G.E. Automation Asia Ltd. in Japan and G.E. Fanuc Automation North America Inc., Charlottesville.
p2594
aVThe General Electric Company has agreed to provide several billion dollars to Kidder, Peabody & Company, which it acquired earlier this year, to help fund a move by the firm to invest aggressively in corporate mergers and buyouts, according to sources close to the two companies. On Friday, Kidder announced internally a reorganization of its investment banking division that sharply escalates its commitment to such merchant banking activities. The sources said that the fund, voted on by G.E.'s board late last week, would be in excess of $2 billion, and would probably grow over time. Shift in Direction These steps culminate an important shift in direction by both Kidder and G.E. It also pits them more directly against the other major players in merchant banking, which is becoming the hottest, and most competitive, area on Wall Street, even with the huge risks it involves.
p2595
asS'199903'
p2596
(lp2597
VShares of Advanced Lighting Technologies surged 40 percent yesterday on news that the General Electric Company had agreed to invest $20.6 million in the company, which makes metal halide light bulbs. Advanced Lighting's stock jumped $2.8750 a share, to $10.25, in Nasdaq trading. Metal halide bulbs provide intense light for such sites as sports stadiums. G.E., an Advanced Lighting supplier and customer, already owned a 2.5 percent stake, but Advanced would not say how much G.E.'s stake had increased.
p2598
aVTI Group P.L.C. said yesterday it had bought Tri-Manufacturing from GE Aircraft Engines for $58 million. TI, based in Abingdon, England, is an engineering company with interests in seals and sealing systems, fluid carrying systems for refrigeration and aerospace systems and equipment. It had revenue of $:2.17 billion, or $3.5 billion, in 1998. Tri-Manufacturing, with headquarters in Terre Haute, Ind., makes components for jet engine manufacturers, including G.E. and Pratt & Whitney. GE Aircraft Engines, based in Evandale, Ohio, is a unit of General Electric Company, based in Fairfield, Conn.
p2599
aVThe chairman and chief executive of the General Electric Company, John Welch Jr., took home $56.6 million in 1998, including $10.1 million in salary and bonus, during a year when G.E. stock rose 39 percent. Mr. Welch received $2.8 million in salary last year, a bonus of $7.2 million, and other compensation totaling $104,944, according to a regulatory filing. He also received $46.5 million, before taxes, by exercising options and stock-appreciation rights awarded in 1991 and 1992.
p2600
aVThe General Electric Company said today that it would lay off 200 to 225 jet-engine production workers at its Lynn plant this month because it failed to win a large contract. G.E. said about two-thirds of those laid off would be hourly workers, and the remainder would be salaried employees. Last week, United Parcel Services Inc. chose Pratt & Whitney in Connecticut, rather than G.E., to produce engines for its cargo planes. The contract was worth up to $3 billion.
p2601
aVABB Asea Brown Boveri, the world's leading electrical-engineering company, and Alstom S.A. of France have agreed to combine their power-plant manufacturing units as recessions in Asia cut profits. The joint venture, with $11 billion in annual sales, will leapfrog the General Electric Company of the United States to become the world's biggest maker of generating equipment. Alstom, the world's second-largest maker of energy-distribution equipment, will pay ABB $1.5 billion to set up ABB Alstom Power, and officials said some of the current 54,000 jobs would be eliminated.
p2602
aVBecoming the first broadcast network to own a portion of a home shopping channel, NBC announced yesterday that it would make a significant investment in the cable network Value Vision and link it with the NBC network, the cable channels CNBC and MSNBC, and the Web site MSNBC.com. With the move, NBC is positioning itself to deliver products directly to viewers. The move speaks to NBC's strategy to move away from the old network economic model, which has always generated revenue only through advertising.
p2603
aVStreets in India are an extraordinary sight for two reasons, one of them the cows that wander sacredly and indifferently through traffic, the other an antiquated-looking automobile with a bowler hat of a roof called the Ambassador. Little in the look of the car has changed during its 41 years on the road. The Ambassador is part icon, part curio, a beast of an automobile that easily seats seven, stands high off the ground and usually offers a ride with all the smoothness of an earthquake.
p2604
aVAllied Signal Inc., the aerospace company, plans to tap the Internet to better serve customers and increase revenue. The company is looking to electronic commerce as a means of growth, Frederic Poses, its chief operating officer, said. He added that Allied Signal was still in the early phases of developing its Internet strategy and could not provide financial projections.
p2605
aVThe Chancellor Media Corporation, the big radio and outdoor-advertising company in Dallas, called off its $900 million deal to buy the Lin Television Corporation yesterday and said that its chief executive had resigned. Chancellor, which has been under pressure from shareholders unhappy with its lagging stock price and its plans to expand into television, said it would remain independent after a review that included merger talks with Clear Channel Communications Inc., according to people involved in the discussions.
p2606
aVA communications satellite spun out of control early yesterday morning, disrupting service to news and broadcast organizations in North America for almost six hours before being restored. The GE-3 satellite, operated by GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company, tilted away from Earth shortly after 4 A.M., cutting service to The Associated Press and other organizations.
p2607
asS'199212'
p2608
(lp2609
VThe General Electric Company received a $2 billion order to build a power plant in Hong Kong, lifting business at the Schenectady, N.Y., division to about $3 billion above 1991. The disclosure came at the end of Gov. Mario M. Cuomo's first trip to the Industrial and Power Systems division, about 15 miles from Albany. G.E. officials said last week that it had won orders totaling about $7.3 billion worldwide, not including the Hong Kong plant. That represented about $1 billion above last year's figures. The recent surge in orders should bring more than $700 million in business to Schenectady over the next few years, G.E. said, creating a steady stream of jobs at the plant.
p2610
aVThe General Motors Corporation has indefinitely delayed commercial production of its much publicized electric car, previously scheduled to begin in 1995. John Williams, a G.M. spokesman, said hourly workers in Lansing, Mich., that had expected to build the car were notified of this yesterday morning. Mr. Williams said some workers at G.M.'s technical center in Warren, Mich. would also be affected.
p2611
aVThe Packard Electric division of the General Motors Corporation said yesterday that it had received a contract to supply all electrical wiring systems for a new BMW vehicle to be built in the United States. The division did not disclose a dollar value for the agreement.
p2612
aVThe General Motors Corporation said today that it was reviewing its electric-car development program to determine whether to push ahead with commercial production during the next few years. The G.M. statement, issued by a spokesman with little elaboration, suggested that the No. 1 auto maker, pressed by huge financial losses, could either delay or scale back the project, or seek a partner to help bear the costs.
p2613
aVYOU thought the Queen of England had it bad this year? Look at what happened to NBC, the king of television just three years ago. There was the embarrassing flop of the Olympic triplecast, the network's heavily promoted tie-in with cable TV.
p2614
aVThe General Electric Company's GE Capital unit said it had bought the TransAmerica Corporation's over-the-road trailer leasing business in the United States for $200 million, making GE Capital the nation's largest truck-trailer lessor. GE Capital's Transport International Pool business will acquire about 19,000 truck trailers through the transaction, bringing its holding to about 62,000 trailers. The next-largest lessor is the Xtra Corporation.
p2615
aVIs this some big Buy America anniversary? A coordinated salute to booming Christmas sales at Wal-Mart? Readers of perhaps dozens of newspapers may have been wondering the last few days. But instead, the flurry of pro-Wal-Mart newspaper ads is a loosely coordinated show of support by the retailers' longtime suppliers of goods like General Electric lights, Remington shavers and Brinkmann outdoor products in the wake of the NBC News program "Dateline" on Tuesday night. The program raised questions about Wal-Mart's putative preference for American-made goods.
p2616
aVNorthwest Airlines, trying to retrench and survive, said yesterday that it had canceled a $3.5 billion order of jets from Airbus Industrie as part of an $8 billion package of cost savings and new financing. The cancellation of the order from the European aircraft consortium was one of the severest measures yet taken in the slumping airline industry's two years of efforts to control spending. The canceled order was for 24 A340 aircraft and 50 A320 models.
p2617
aVProving that there is life after a less-than-stellar run in the White House, Samuel K. Skinner, President Bush's former chief of staff, has landed a job as president of Commonwealth Edison, the utility announced yesterday. Commonwealth Edison is the nation's third-largest electric company and may have the largest regulatory problem. In 1990, after it finished three nuclear reactors, it asked the Illinois Commerce Commission for more than $1 billion in rate increases to pay for them, and the commission granted it $750 million in three stages. But the Illinois Supreme Court threw out the second and third stages, told the company the first phase could be subject to refund and sent the case back to the Commerce Commission for rehearing. A decision is due next month.
p2618
aVBarry Diller, who resigned as chairman of Fox Inc. earlier this year to start his own company, has agreed to acquire a stake in QVC Network Inc., a shopping channel, in hopes of forming a new cable venture that would be at the forefront in using new television technology. People who know Mr. Diller and are familiar with the deal said that with the help of QVC's two largest shareholders he plans to turn the shopping channel into an on-line entertainment and merchandising service in which the subscriber and the cable company can freely interact.
p2619
asS'199210'
p2620
(lp2621
VThe General Electric Company yesterday cited overly optimistic sales forecasts in announcing plans to lay off of 500 hourly and 180 salaried workers at its appliance manufacturing operations in Louisville, Ky. Most of the workers at the Louisville Appliance Park will be laid off on Dec. 11, said a company spokesman, James H. Allen. An additional 70 salaried employees would be laid off at other G.E. operations around the country, he said.
p2622
aVThe General Electric Company has reached a preliminary agreement with Kyrgyzstan to build a hydroelectric dam in the Central Asian state, the Economics Ministry of the former Soviet republic said yesterday. The ministry said General Electric, based in Fairfield, Conn., was interested in building the dam on the southern Naryn River at an initial cost estimated at $100 million.
p2623
aVThe Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation plans to eliminate 1,500 jobs in 1993 -- half the originally scheduled number. The shipyard's president, Roger E. Tetrault, attributed the change to higher-than-anticipated attrition and delays in construction of the second Seawolf submarine. He declined to estimate how many of the 1,500 jobs will be eliminated through attrition, early retirements or layoffs. Electric Boat has about 19,000 employees.
p2624
aVThe General Electric Company's simulation and systems division signed an agreement under which its image processing technology will be used in Sega Enterprises Ltd.'s next generation of video and arcade games. The photo-texture technology will make the video games more realistic by using real-world pictures to produce continuous, life-like imagery, the G.E. unit said.
p2625
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its profits increased 6.7 percent in the third quarter in part because of improved productivity and gains from its financial, medical and aerospace divisions. The results were tarnished, however, by restructuring charges and losses at its NBC television network because of the 1992 Olympics. Earnings rose to $1.11 billion, or $1.30 a share, from $1.04 billion, or $1.20 a share, in the third quarter of 1991. Revenues were $15.5 billion for the quarter, which ended Sept. 30, up 6.2 percent from $14.6 billion.
p2626
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had consolidated its industrial and power systems operations in Europe under a new company to take advantage of the growing European market. The new London-based company, GE Power Systems Europe Ltd., will operate as an independent unit of the General Electric power systems divsion that is based in Schenectady, N.Y. It will sell and service turbines in Europe.
p2627
aNaVBarry Diller, the former chairman of the News Corporation's Fox Inc., denied published reports yesterday that he was negotiating to acquire the NBC network. The stock of the General Electric Company, which owns NBC, rose $1.125, to $76.25, but analysts said they believed that the company's recent strong earnings report was responsible rather than the possibility that G.E. might be discussing a sale of NBC.
p2628
aVBill Cosby, NBC's biggest star of the 80's, is trying to buy the television network from its current owner, the General Electric Company. Norman Brokaw, the chief executive of the William Morris Agency and Mr. Cosby's personal agent for 30 years, confirmed yesterday that he had discussed Mr. Cosby's intention to make an offer for NBC with Robert C. Wright, the network's president.
p2629
aVCFM International, a venture of the General Electric Company and the French jet engine maker Snecma, said yesterday that it had received a $126 million contract to supply engines to Japan's Air Nippon Company. Air Nippon, a subsidiary of Japan's ANA airline, operates mainly on regional routes in Japan. Air Nippon said Wednesday that it planned to buy 15 737-500 jets from the Boeing Company. Those twin-engine jets are powered by the CFM engines.
p2630
asS'199211'
p2631
(lp2632
VAustria would like to sell a 20 percent stake in partly privatized Creditanstalt-Bankverein, one of the country's biggest banks, to the General Electric Company of the United States, a Finance Ministry spokesman said yesterday. He said talks had been held with G.E. management, but a sale was not imminent. A Creditanstalt spokesman said that an agreement in principle had been reached with G.E., but that no details had been settled.
p2633
aVThe General Electric Company has agreed to revise advertising for its Energy Choice light bulb, following accusations by the Federal Trade Commission and attorneys general in 32 states that it has misled consumers. In a settlement announced yesterday by the F.T.C., the company also agreed to pay $165,000 to the 11 states that led the investigation.
p2634
aVKeane Inc., a $100 million software services company based in Boston, has signed a letter of intent to acquire GE Consulting Services, a $90 million subsidiary of General Electric. A spokesman for Keane would not disclose the amount Keane would pay to G.E., but he said Keane was "cash rich" and the deal should be completed within two weeks, pending government approvals.
p2635
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, reacting to speculation that its board might be the next to overthrow top management, told its employees yesterday that it had confidence in its chairman and chief executive officer, Paul Lego. "The board has been working closely and cooperatively with Mr. Lego to develop strategies to address the corporation's situation," the company said in a statement. "The board continues to have full confidence in Mr. Lego's ability to lead the corporation in carrying out these strategies."
p2636
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would sell its aerospace division to the Martin Marietta Corporation for $3 billion in a deal underscoring the wrenching new era for the military-industrial complex. The sale removes G.E. entirely from the military and aerospace electronics businesses it has held since World War I. However, G.E. will continue to sell aircraft engines to the military.
p2637
aVThe General Electric Company's GE Capital unit said it had bought the TransAmerica Corporation's over-the-road trailer leasing business in the United States for $200 million, making GE Capital the nation's largest truck-trailer lessor. GE Capital's Transport International Pool business will acquire about 19,000 truck trailers through the transaction, bringing its holding to about 62,000 trailers. The next-largest lessor is the Xtra Corporation.
p2638
aVKidder, Peabody & Company said yesterday that it had named Arturo Porzecanski its chief emerging markets economist. Kidder, a unit of the General Electric Company, hired Mr. Porzecanski from the Republic National Bank of New York, where he was chief economist.
p2639
aVThe Sprint Corporation bought out its partner in the British joint venture Plessey Telenet Ltd., increasing its share of one of Europe's largest telecommunications markets. Terms were not disclosed. Sprint, the smallest of the three major United States long-distance telephone companies, acquired the 51 percent stake in Plessey Telenet from G.E.C.-Siemens. G.E.C.-Siemens is a joint venture of the General Electric Company of Britain -- which is not related to the United States company -- and Siemens A.G. of Germany.
p2640
aVThe Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia yesterday priced $324.5 million of tax-exempt general power revenue bonds with a maximum yield of 6.45 percent for an issue due in 2016 through underwriters led by the First Boston Corporation. There are two longer-term issues, due in 2017 and 2018, both priced to yield 6.35 percent. Another issue, due in 2014, is insured by the Financial Guaranty Insurance Company and rated triple-A; it is priced to yield 6.30 percent.
p2641
aVThe Eastman Kodak Company said today that it would sell three businesses as part of its plan to divest itself of 10 properties and focus on its core operations. Kodak, the world's largest camera maker, will get rid of two subsidiaries -- Atex Inc. and the Kodak Credit Corporation -- as well as its Estek products division. The transactions will affect more than 700 employees. Financial terms were not disclosed.
p2642
asS'199905'
p2643
(lp2644
VThe Tech Data Corporation said yesterday that it would become the information technology supplier for GE Capital IT Solutions, a unit of General Electric Company, in a deal that will be worth $2 billion a year for three years. Tech Data had net sales of $11.53 billion. GE Capital IT Solutions provides businesses with products and services related to information technology. Shares of Tech Data jumped 14 percent, rising $4.9375, to $39.375.
p2645
aVThe NEC Corporation of Japan and the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain are close to announcing a deal in which NEC will distribute G.E.C.'s telecommunications products, according to the London newspaper The Sunday Telegraph. The paper said the companies would also buy more than $:100 million ($163 million) of one another's products annually and cooperate on research and development.
p2646
aVNBC removed references to the transportation of nuclear waste from a television movie it will broadcast this Sunday night, citing inaccuracies in the depiction of how nuclear waste is handled. But Senator Richard H. Bryan of Nevada accused the network yesterday of caving in to pressure from lobbyists for nuclear power companies. Senator Bryan, a Democrat, said he had only circumstantial evidence that NBC had been so influenced, but he pointed to the fact that NBC's parent company, General Electric, has significant interests in the nuclear power industry. NBC executives said G.E. had no input in their decision.
p2647
aVThe General Electric Company's finance arm will acquire all of the Montgomery Ward Holding Company, the seventh-largest United States department store company, as part of the retailer's bankruptcy reorganization plan, court papers show. The finance division, GE Capital Inc., is paying $650 million to take over the 43 percent of Montgomery Ward it does not already own and Ward's Signature Group direct marketing arm. The acquisition will take place under the retail chain's Chapter 11 reorganization plan filed today in United States Bankruptcy Court here.
p2648
aVShares of the Metris Companies rose 10.6 percent yesterday after it agreed to buy most of the GE Capital Corporation's Mastercard and Visa credit card portfolio and said it would split its stock 2 for 1. Shares rose $6.6875, to $70. The stock of the credit card issuer has gained 39.1 percent this year. Investors and analysts said they were optimistic Metris's acquisition of $1.3 billion in credit card loans and 563,000 accounts from GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company, would add to earnings this year because of its success with previous purchases. Terms were not disclosed.
p2649
aVThe financial services arm of the General Electric Company said today that it would buy the $11 billion United States commercial loan portfolio of the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan, the unit's fifth acquisition or venture in Japan since last year. The unit, GE Capital, which is the world's largest nonbank finance company, said the purchase would be completed by December. It did not disclose the terms of the transaction.
p2650
aVIn an effort to jump-start the nation's sluggish transition to digital television, the Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, a major maker of television sets, has agreed to underwrite CBS's costs to broadcast most of the network's prime-time schedule in high definition beginning next fall. With this deal, most of the network's regular series, other than movies or news programs, would be broadcast in the digital high-definition format during the 1999-2000 season -- 10 to 15 hours of programming each week, at a cost to Mitsubishi of about $20,000 to $25,000 an hour. The money is meant to cover the cost of converting filmed entertainment series, like ''Everybody Loves Raymond'' and ''Chicago Hope'' to the HDTV format.
p2651
aVThe annual showcase for electric cars, the Tour de Sol race, was so crowded this year that organizers were forced to turn some entrants away. But the crowded field was not so much a result of electric vehicles finally catching on as it was the new emphasis on another class of vehicles invited to join. These cars, known as hybrids, use batteries and electric motors, but also depend on gasoline or diesel engines as well. In a change that might have horrified the purists who ran in the first race 11 years ago -- when there were only five participants and not all of them could finish the course -- the event was held in conjunction with a conference on hybrid vehicles, organized with the Society of Automotive Engineers.
p2652
aVT. Justin Moore Jr., a retired chief executive of the Virginia Power Company and a founder of an economic development group that sought to break down racial barriers in Richmond, died of cancer on April 24 at his home in Richmond, a family spokesman said. He was 74. Mr. Moore was as well known in Richmond for his attempts to ease racial tensions in the city in the 1980's as he was for his career at the utility. He had a knack for dealing with different groups, including politicians, consumers, state agencies and his own employees.
p2653
aVThe Panasonic Corporation has agreed to lend the ABC television network millions of dollars worth of new equipment so that ABC can broadcast its Monday night football games and the Super Bowl in high definition starting this fall. The agreement, which was announced on Tuesday and is expected to cost Panasonic about $10 million, is the third cooperative arrangement between a network and an equipment maker in a matter of weeks. On May 9, the Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, a large maker of television sets, agreed to underwrite CBS's costs to broadcast most of its prime-time schedule in high definition starting this fall. And in late April, NBC, a unit of the General Electric Company, began broadcasting ''The Tonight Show'' in high definition with help from the Sony Corporation.
p2654
asS'197308'
p2655
(lp2656
sS'197309'
p2657
(lp2658
sS'197306'
p2659
(lp2660
sS'197307'
p2661
(lp2662
sS'197304'
p2663
(lp2664
sS'197305'
p2665
(lp2666
sS'197302'
p2667
(lp2668
sS'197303'
p2669
(lp2670
sS'197301'
p2671
(lp2672
sS'198109'
p2673
(lp2674
VInterest rates declined modestly yesterday, but for most credit market participants the day's real excitement came about 3:30 P.M. when a power failure hit lower Manhattan. ''This market has been trading in the dark for a while, but this is ridiculous,'' one Government securities dealer said. After the lights and electronic display screens went blank, dealers said activity quickly came to a stop. ''We rely on the screens, and nobody trades or makes quotes without them,'' another securities dealer said.
p2675
aVSherlock Holmes sniffed out crime and corruption in London's East End. For Martin and Pearl Tytell, the quarry is the same, but the locale is the corporate suite. From fraud to poison pen letters -typed or handwritten - scriveners' dirty deeds are unravelled at the Tytell's Questioned Documents Labratory at 116 Fulton Street. It's all done in the interests of justice, not to mention the standard corporate fee of ''several thousand dollars'' a case; $750 a day for courtroom testimony.
p2676
aVIn the dark, wood-paneled partners' room of Morgan Grenfell & Company, it would seem that little has changed since the firm took over the gray stone headquarters in 1924. The six most senior directors, as they are now called, still labor together in the high-ceilinged hall, their chief executive at one end under a portrait of the patriarch, Junius Morgan. But although the late Mr. Morgan continues to keep a watchful eye over the investment banking firm's senior executives, Morgan Grenfell today is in fact quite different. Four months ago, the last substantial connection to the celebrated family was severed when the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company agreed to sell virtually all of its one-third interest in its London cousin to a group of British institutions for about $40 million. The transaction reflected the increased importance of the outward expansion of investment banking, and the growing competition in this ''internationalization,'' as the bankers describe the growing links among the world's major capital markets.
p2677
aVThe International Business Machines Corporation, the world's largest computer c ompany, is reported to be o n the verge of a major reorganization, spurred in part by heated com petition and internal conflicts within its sales groups. Executives of the company, which has its headquarters in Armonk, N.Y., were said by analysts and sources within I.B.M.'s globespanning organization to be explaining the shifts at meetings with division vice presidents yesterday. The changes apparently include scrapping its traditional divisionbased sales approach, in which separate sales representatives from the data processing, general systems and office products units might all call on the same customer. Instead, I.B.M. customers will be able to order a full range of I.B.M. products, ranging from its large mainframe computers, to small desktop business computers from the same sales personnel.
p2678
aVMICHAEL JONES had been a Bell telephone salesman for 10 years when the company told him last spring that he would have to prove himself again. Mr. Jones, who requested his real name not be used, was told to write a report and submit other documents showing that he knew how to organize an account, knew the Bell product line, knew the Bell marketing strategies. He was given less than a month to prepare the report, on his own time. A special board of crack salesmen was set up to judge his dossier and those of his co-workers. ''I feel like it was kind of crazy to all of a sudden turn around and justify your existence,'' Mr. Jones said, who left Bell in June and now works for another telecommunications company. The American Telephone and Telegraph Company does not think it crazy. It is requiring all 6,500 of its account executives to be certified, a test so rigorous that one of the executives in charge estimated that only 15 to 20 percent are passing on the first try.
p2679
aVAn intriguing thing happens when certain metals are cooled to extremely low temperatures. At about 415 degrees below zero Fahrenheit - close to what is called absolute zero because matter can get no colder - these metals lose all resistance to electricity. When electricity can move without resistance, a dramatic improvement in the efficiency of energy transmission is possible. So is the creation of supermagnets.
p2680
aVAn electronic voting system that can be used to query audiences was patented this week for the General Electric Company, Schenectady, N.Y., by three staff members. Persons in the audience can answer questions by pressing buttons on hand-carried radio instruments, and their votes can be counted and displayed.
p2681
aVAirbus I ndustrie, the European aircraft con sortium financed by the Governments of Britain, France and West Germa n, said today that Egypt's international airline, Egyptair, had converted two options for A300-200 series aircraft into firm orders . The company said the planes will be delivered in the spring of 198 3 and will be powered by the General Electric Company's CF6-50C2 en gines. The value of the accord was not disclosed, but the series-200 Airbus typica lly sells for about $30 million when spare parts are included.
p2682
aV* American Express Co. has named Michael Strauss executive vice president, card marketing, of the company's newly formed Consumer Financial Services Group. * Cities Service Co., Tulsa, Okla., has elected James C. Van Meter executive vice president, finance and administration.
p2683
aV* Alco Standard Corp. said it had begun its previously announced tender offer to acquire the common stock of Strother Drug Co. for $16 a share. * Amfac Inc. said it had sold its financial services unit, Amfac Mortgage Corp., to General Electric Credit Corp. for $23 million.
p2684
asS'198108'
p2685
(lp2686
VAfter taking lessons in Chinese cuisine, where she learned that good cooking is easier on a good stove, Beverly Savage, a reporter for the Newark Star Ledger and an avid amateur cook, went for broke. Remodeling her Hoboken kitchen, she bought a three-foot-wide, sixburner Garland range, a model more usually seen in a restaurant kitchen. ''If it's something you can afford, and you care about cooking,'' she said, ''it's worth it.'' The range, with a salamander broiler above and an oven below, which has circulating air for more even heat, cost her more than $1,200. Miss Savage is not alone by any means. In metropolitan areas around the country, commercial stoves are becoming a hot item in the home. In New York the Garland controls about 50 percent of the market for commercial ranges, according to the company, a subsidiary of the Welbilt Corporation of Maspeth, N.Y., which markets traditional home stoves under its own name.
p2687
aVNew contracts extending until June 30, 2013, the sale of St. Lawrence River hydroelectric power to plants of the Reynolds Metals Company and the Aluminum Company of America in Massena, N.Y., have been signed by the Power Authority of the State of New York. John S. Dyson, authority chairman, noted that extensions had been opposed by the Municipal Electric Utilities Association, He said the municipal systems ''already receive an excessive share'' of hydropower and the contracts should ''stave off future raids on Massena's industrial power supply.''
p2688
aVWHITE PLAINS, N.Y. JOHN SUSKO, as the photographs papering his office attest, has played on the Maxwell House football team. Also the softball team, the tennis team, the basketball team and the baseball team. At one time or another, he has captained them all. Off the field, Mr. Susko is being judged on both the qualities thus represented: leadership and teamwork. The sandy-haired, sunburned 30-year-old is a brand manager for Maxwell House instant, which is the best-selling instant coffee in the United States and part of the coffee division of General Foods, critically important to the company. As such, he must tread the line between pushing his own product and playing in the larger context of corporate wellbeing. ''We're fighting Maxwell House regular, Sanka, Brim,'' he said, citing some of the division's leading brands. But at the same time, he added, ''we look at ourselves as part of the Maxwell House Coffee Company.''
p2689
aVCHARLES RUPPMAN hates those advertisements with big, splashy graphics and eye-catching photographs. What he likes are ''800'' WATS-line numbers and coupons. ''Every advertisement directed at consumers should carry a call to action,'' he said. Mr. Ruppman answers two million such calls each year. At the age of 42, he is founder and chief executive officer of Ruppman Marketing Services, which provides its toll-free number to companies to publish in their national advertising, including the Yellow Pages, and in their customer service manuals. When prospects or customers call 800-447-4700, day or night, they reach one of his 100 or so operators in Peoria, Ill. (The busiest time is 10 A.M. Mondays, noted Mr. Ruppman who, a figures-minded man, also likes to observe that his number gets printed 200 million times each month.)
p2690
aVstraightforward, efficient and built to survive. He is also a man who has said more than once that free enterprise should be used to defend free enterprise. In other words, if a jet fighter is reliable, efficient and meets the needs of the market, it will sell. It doesn't need a handout from Uncle Sam. To prove it, Mr. Jones is spending $300 million of Northrop's money on a new plane, the F-5G Tigershark, the latest of the company's supersonic fighters in the immensely successful F-5 family. (The 3,500th family member was delivered last week, to Thailand.) And he is challenging a longtime industry pattern that normally calls for getting advance orders and government money to assist in the enormously expensive process of designing, building and testing new planes. Mr. Jones has no advance orders. In fact, he didn't even build a prototype. ''We didn't need it. We designed it right the first time,'' the 61-year-old executive said. ''When you're using your own money, you usually do what's right.''
p2691
aVImportant inventions related to the core and fuel assemblies of nuclear reactors were patented this week by engineers for two companies. The method and arrangements patented for the General Electric Company, San Jose, Calif., are reported to achieve more efficient use of the uranium fuel and easier operation.
p2692
aVUtah International Inc., a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, said it and a unit of the Getty Oil Company had discovered a copper deposit in northern Chile.
p2693
aV* Allied Corp. said the merger of Bunker Ramo Corp. into an Allied subisidiary was approved at a special meeting of Bunker Ramo shareholders. * Amfac Inc. entered into a nonbinding letter of intent agreeing to sell for cash its Amfac Mortgage Corp. unit to General Electric Credit Corp., a unit of General Electric Co., on undisclosed terms. * Cities Service Co. said it completed a gas discovery on Mustang Island, 12 miles east of Corpus Christi, Tex.
p2694
aV* Amdisco Corporation, formerly the American Distilling Company, has elected Gerald S. Bush senior vice president, finance, administration and treasurer. * American General Corporation, Houston, has elected William R. Darragh Jr. senior vice president, data processing, and George J. Symes senior vice president, accounting.
p2695
aVFrank E. Grzelecki, 44 years old, will join Lenox Inc., a major producer of china, crystal and other dinnerware, as president and chief operating officer, effective Aug. 31. He will succeed John S. Chamberlin, 53, who was named to the vacant post of chairman and who will continue as chief executive officer of the Lawrenceville, N.J., company.
p2696
asS'198105'
p2697
(lp2698
NaVThe General Electric Company said that it had reached a five-year agreement with Chloride Silent Power Ltd. of Britain for joint research and development of a battery for utility energy storage and to power vehicles. Elbert F. Lowell, general manager of G.E.'s Energy Systems Program Department, said the joint effort was being made to accelerate the development of a sodium-sulfur-based ''beta battery,'' which is expected to outperform conventional lead-acid batteries. The beta battery can store more than four times the energy of conventional batteries of equal weight and has a projected life of at least five years in vehicles and 10 years or more in utility applications, G.E. said.
p2699
aVRevenues Net Income Jan.MarchChangeJan.MarchChange1981From '801981From '80($ 000)(%)($ 000)(%)- AEROSPACE Boeing Co.$2,420,100+13$144,100 + 3 General Dynamics Corp.1,267,000+1830,800 15 Grumman Corp.419,100 85,400 11 Lockheed Corp.1,334,700+2536,300 +203 McDonnell Douglas Corp.1,626,400+1441,300 5 Northrop Corp.435,200+1523,100 + 1 United Technologies Corp.3,334,600+15107,100 + 16 AIRLINES American Airlines Inc.$ 952,500+ 9$3,900 * Braniff International Corp.325,200 13(23,600) . . . . Continental Air Lines Inc.227,300 7(25,800) . . . . Delta Air Lines881,600+1527,900 +28 Eastern Air Lines Inc. 961,500+134,100 +17 Northwest Airlines Inc.418,900+17(7,400) . . . . Pan American World Airways 937,300+ 3(114,500) . . . . Trans World Corp.1,149,700+ 6(57,500) . . . . UAL Inc. 1,228,700+ 6(21,300) . . . . Western Air Lines Inc. 262,200+13(1,700) . . . . APPLIANCES Singer Co. $736,900+ 1$14,200 +42 Whirlpool Corp. 592,400+ 831,600 +42 White Consolidated Industries555,100+ 519,900 +43 Zenith Radio Corp. 298,200+105,900 11 AUTOMOBILES American Motors Corp.$ 598,400 24$ (52,700) . . . . Chrysler Corp.2,428,100+ 3(298,400) . . . . Ford Motor Co. 9,315,100 3(439,500) . . . . General Motors Corp. 15,723,900 0190,300 +23 AUTOMOTIVE EQUIPMENT Bendix Corp.$1,157,800+23268,100 +434 Eaton Corp. 781,500 81,800 96 Fruehauf Corp.533,000 95,100 46 International Harvester (1)1,634,900+61(96,400) . . . . Paccar Inc.451,100 1324,000 30 BEVERAGES Anheuser-Busch Companies $1,009,400+16$41,200 +28 Coca-Cola Co.1,419,200+14100,100 + 9 Heublein Inc.483,500+ 917,900 +15 PepsiCo Inc. 1,470,000+2553,900 +13 (Jos.) Schlitz Brewing Co. 232,400 43,100 61 BUILDING and FOREST PRODUCTS Boise Cascade Corp. $ 784,600+ 7$37,500 12 Champion International1,000,100+ 730,300 31 Crown Zellerbach Corp. 765,300+ 418,400 24 Diamond International Corp.324,200+189,900 + 8 Evans Products Co.315,700 3(8,800) . . . . GAF Corp. 176,700+ 93,900 68 Georgia Pacific Corp. 1,348,000+1052,000 4 Great Northern Nekoosa366,100+1121,200 3 International Paper Co. 1,305,100+ 5147,400 + 66 Johns-Manville Corp. 530,600 314,200 26 Mead Corp. 672,300+ 329,900 4 Owens-Corning Fiberglas539,500 712,500 34 Sherwin-Williams Co.308,200+ 81,700 +119 St. Regis Paper Co. 742,300+1047,700 + 3 Scott Paper Co. 575,000+ 526,100 25 Union Camp Corp. 416,600+ 840,000 + 1 United States Gypsum Co. 371,500 116,600 35 Jim Walter Corp.476,500 2(400) . . . . Westvaco Corp. (1)362,300+ 919,600 + 5 Weyerhaeuser Co. 1,099,000 457,000 49
p2700
aVACME ELECTRIC CORP (O) Qtr to March 31 1981 1980 Sales $ 12,697,000 13,118,000 Net income 766,000 765,000 Share earnings .26 .26 9-mo sales 38,455,000 36,691,000 Net income 2,157,000 2,023,000 Share earnings .73 .68 Year-ago share earings for both periods adjusted to reflect a 5 percent stock dividend paid in March 1981. AERO SYSTEMS (O) Qtr to Feb. 28 1981 1980 Sales $ 3,600,000 3,700,000 Net income 203,305 260,110 Share earnings .03 .04 Year sales 14,500,000 14,100,000 Net income 483,748 845,916 Share earnings .08 .13 AGM INDUSTRIES (O) Qtr to Feb 28 1981 1980 Sales $ 8,386,008 8,987,035 Net income 220,374 513,427 Share earnings .40 .90 9-mo sales 23,464,003 25,821,487 Net income 514,570 1,198,615 Share earnings .94 2.10 AIR FLORIDA (A) Qtr to March 31 1981 1980 Revenues $ 67,100,000 30,400,000 Net income b5,000,000 1,600,000 Share earnings .40 .14 b-includes $2.2 million pre-tax gain from the disposition of securities. AMARCO RESOURCES (O) Qtr to March 31 1981 1980 Revenues $ 3,248,304 1,987,828 Net income 266,975 78,835 Share earnings .06 .02 9-mo revs 8,403,834 5,006,635 Net income 480,996 21,557 Share earnings .12 .01 AMERICAN BILTRITE INC (A) Qtr to March 31 1981 1980 Sales $ 53,700,000 54,100,000 Net income b1,799,000 c 703,000 Share earnings .65 .27 b-includes $552,000 tax credit c-includes $232,000 tax credit ANTOHONY NDUSTRIES (N) Qtr to March 31 1981 1980 Sales $ 59,469,000 41,144,000 Net income 948,000 471,000 Share earnings .36 .18 Year-ago results include the sales and earnings of Shakespeare Co. from Feb 5, 1980 APPLIED DATA RESEARCH (A) Qtr to March 31 1981 1980 Sales $ 10,606,244 6,610,392 Net income 256,936 b613,358 Share earnings .18 -- b-Net loss ARMATRON INTL (A) Qtr to March 31 1981 1980 Revenues $ 7,800,000 8,100,000 Net income b 551,000 c 660,000 Share earnings .23 .27 6-mo revs 12,000,000 12,600,000 Net income b 2,000,.000 c 768,000 Share earnings .82 .31 b-includes $255,000 tax credit for the quarter and $260,000 tax credit and other credits of $1.4 million for the 6 months. c-includes $200,000 tax credit for the quarter and $348,000 tax credit for the 6 months ARVIN INDUSTRIES (N) Qtr to March 31 1981 1980 Sales $ 115,774,000 103,524,000 Net income 2,256,000 767,000 Share earnings .28 .06 ASKIN SERVICES (A) Year to Jan 31 1981 1980 Sales $ 5,296,742 7,679,348 Net loss 1,644,508 b 523,791 b-After $40,243 loss form discontinued operations.
p2701
aVThe Supreme Court ruled today that Federal law allowed private pension plans to reduce a member's pension benefits by the amount of any compensation award received for a jobrelated disability. The 8-to-0 opinion was a setback for retired workers. It affirmed a decision by a Federal appeals court that rejected challenges to two private pension plans by employees whose workmen's compensation awards were deducted from their pensions under the terms of the pension plans of the General Motors Corporation and Raybestos-Manhattan Inc. Regulations issued by the Treasury Department provide that such ''offsets'' are permitted by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, which covered both pension plans. However, a New Jersey state law, enacted in 1977, prohibits the offsets. The plaintiffs worked at New Jersey plants of the two companies.
p2702
aVThe Envirotech Corporation, a pollution control equipment manufacturer that grew rich on the environmental fervor of the 1970's, finds itself facing a huge debt, slow sales and heavy losses. The Menlo Park, Calif., company has moved to disengage itself from operations in air pollution control products, but it says that it still has the largest line of waste water equipment in the country. Envirotech, blaming the Federal Environmental Protection Agency for a large share of its problems, has said that it is now focusing its operations on the production of equipment for mining and other industrial processes. The company asserts that the E.P.A. is taking steps to make changes in its procedures, as it was asked to do by Envirotech and several other leading companies in the industry.
p2703
aVThe General Electric Company will lay off an undetermined number of employees at its Schenectady consumer products plant by the end of the month because of declines in new orders, the company said. The company, which employs about 23,000 people at various plants in Schenectady County, has reduced its production levels lately in the face of declining orders.
p2704
aV* BankAmerica Corporation, San Francisco, announced that Robert G. Wade Jr. was joining it as senior vice president in charge of fiduciary investment management activities. * Chemical Bank has named F. Michael P. Riding a senior vice president. * Citizens Federal Savings and Loan Association, Berlin, N.J., has named John F. Werner vice president and controller.
p2705
aVThe General Electric Company announced a new system that can beam data from one building to another within a close range using highfrequency microwaves. G.E. said the typical uses for the system would include television conferences between exectives in two buildings within the same city, or a bank beaming a picture of a signature to a central office for verification. Transmission distance is limited to six-tenths of a mile for video transmission and two miles for data transmission, although G.E. said it expects to double that range by the end of the year. G.E. said it also expects eventually to give its system the ability to transmit sound, bringing it into more direct competition with telephone utilities for local calls.
p2706
aV*American Airlines has begun a program to provide bonuses of various kinds for customers who fly frequently on the airline's jets. *First Pennsylvania Morgage Trust waid it and Growth Realty Companies had been unable to reach a final agreement on a plan for Growth Realty's financial restructuring and possible merger into First Pennsylvania.
p2707
asS'198104'
p2708
(lp2709
NaVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, the nation's second-largest manufacturer of electrical equipment after the General Electric Company, announced yesterday that earnings in the first quarter of 1981 rose 17.8 percent on an increase in sales of 6.9 percent. The Pittsburgh-based company said that net income in the latest three months rose to $118.5 million, or $1.38 a share, from $100.6 million, or $1.18 a share, in the first quarter of 1980. Revenues rose to $2.18 billion, from $2.04 billion.
p2710
aVSchlumberger Ltd., the nation's second largest oilfield service company after the Halliburton Company, announced yesterday that earnings in the first quarter of 1981 soared 41.9 percent on an increase in sales of 25 percent. Schlumberger said that net income in the latest three months advanced to $271.1 million, or $1.41 a share, from $191 million, or $1 a share, in the first three months of 1980. Revenues climbed to $1.45 billion, from $1.16 billion. The company attributed the record results to significant expansion in oilfield activity throughout the world. Jean Riboud, Schlumberger's president said that there were moderate gains in its divisions making measurement and control devices, despite the continued economic slowdown in the United States.
p2711
aVA shareholders group said it intends to ask the General Dynamics Corporation to disclose at its annual meeting on May 7 all chemicals in use at its Electric Boat division in Groton, Conn., and any employee health problems there. The group charged that employees at the giant submarine-building yard have been exposed to toxic substances such as beryllium and lead, and that millions of dollars of claims have been filed against the company in connection with asbestos-related diseases. Directors of the aerospace giant said they would recommend that shareholders reject the request as having ''no useful purpose.''
p2712
aVIN April 1974, directors of the Consolidated Edison Company of New York made a decision that had a devastating impact on their company's stock and simultaneously sent shock waves rippling through shares of other electric utilities. For the first time since 1885, Consolidated Edison omitted its quarterly dividend. Earlier that year, shares of Con Edison had traded as high as 21 1/2. By the end of 1974, in the throes of a bear market, the stock sank as low as 6.
p2713
aVThe General Electric Corporation, the country's largest manufacturer of electrical equipment and a leading producer of consumer goods, reported yesterday that net income in the first fiscal quarter of 1981 increased 5 percent while sales rose 3.6 percent. The Fairfield, Conn., company said that net income in the latest three months rose to $359 million, or $1.57 a share, from $342 million, or $1.50 a share, in the first quarter of 1980. Sales increased to $6.09 billion from $5.88 billion.
p2714
aVThe Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, a diversified manufacturer of business products, abrasives and tapes, reported yesterday that its net earnings in the first quarter declined 14.7 percent, although sales increased by 5.9 percent. The company noted its profits in the latest three months fell to $142.7 million, or $1.22 a share, from $167.3 million, or $1.43 a share, in the initial quarter last year. Sales climbed to $1.58 billion from $1.49 billion.
p2715
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would manufacture and sell an industrial robot developed by an Italian company as part of its strategy to become a major supplier of equipment for factory automation. The G.E. announcement said that a new group had been formed to develop and market robots and that the initial entry into the robot business would be followed by additional robots. G.E. will either design these itself or license them from others. General Electric said its agreement, with DEA of Italy, gives it nonexclusive rights to manufacture and sell worldwide a DEA robot that can assemble small items such as automobile parts. In North America, G.E. has exclusive rights to the product unless DEA wants to sell its robots on its own, according to Julius A. Mirabal, general manager of G.E.'s new robot group.
p2716
aVTHE SCM Corporation, the typewriter company that over the years has added Proctor Silex appliances, Durkee foods, Allied paper and Glidden paints and chemicals, has dismayed some shareholders with this diversity. While a well-diversified company is recession-resistant, in times of prosperity the corporate convoy never travels with the speed of its fastest vessels. Besides, Wall Street likes simplicity - the pure play, if you will - and tends to shun complicated corporate setups. In short, Wall Street is not overly smitten with conglomerates.
p2717
aVThe Cambridge Instrument Company said today that the British General Electric Company through its subsidiaries would acquire the Picker Corporation of Cleveland, and the medical instruments business of Cambridge in Britain and the United States, for about $17 million.
p2718
asS'198107'
p2719
(lp2720
NaVThe president of the Ford Motor Company thought he had a development important enough to call a news conference. The company's researchers, he announced, had achieved a breakthrough in advanced battery technology that would make mass production of electric cars feasible within five to 10 years. That was in 1966. The first car has yet to appear in a dealer's showroom and Ford officials say the sodium sulfur battery that Arjay Miller hailed so proudly 15 years ago is still stalled in the laboratory. Ford's false start is a typical episode in the faltering development of electrically powered cars. Once viewed as a means of weaning the country from expensive, undependable oil imports, the outlook for electric cars has become uncertain. Many auto executives and industry analysts doubt there will be significant numbers of electric cars on the highways before the end of the decade, if largescale production begins at all.
p2721
aVThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that its secondquarter earnings rose 8.2 percent from the similar period a year ago on a 12.1 percent gain in revenue. Earnings in the quarter were $436 million, or $1.92 a share, compared with $403 million, or $1.77 a share, in the second quarter of 1980. Sales rose to $6.95 billion from $6.2 billion.
p2722
aVI T has become fashionable, with the arrival of the Reagan Administration, to lament the ''undue burdens'' of regulation in our society. This trend is now rearing its head in the electric utility industry. Electric company officials, frustrated with what they consider the laggardly pace and niggardly size of rate relief from the state public utility commissions, are starting to discuss the advisability of deregulating the construction and financing of power plants. Their basic proposal: Let electric companies continue to be regulated at the retail level by the state commissions. However, allow freedom of entry in the capital-intensive generating end of the business and end price regulation. Anyone who can build a power plant would then have the right to sell electricity in the marketplace of retail electric companies. Since the return on investment on such facilities would be unregulated, a large number of companies could be expected to seek to enter the wholesale market, ensuring competition and reasonable prices of power.
p2723
aVCanada and the United States, which have two of the world's most closely connected economies, are being drawn even closer together in the energy field these days by rapidly growing new links in electricity. Vast amounts of electrical energy, most of it heading south, are flowing on new transmission lines across the 3,986.8-mile-long border between the two countries. Some experts predict that the two-way trade in this energy will exceed $10 billion by the end of the decade, compared with less than $800 million now. ''The idea has been around a long time,'' said one American diplomat, ''but the interest is suddenly growing now. It's really astounding.''
p2724
aVThe Westinghouse Corporation, the country's second-largest electronics equipment concern after the General Electric Company, announced yesterday that earnings in the second quarter increased 7.5 percent, as revenues increased 11.7 perecent. The Pittsburgh-based concern said that net income in the latest three months rose to $111.8 million, or $1.31 a share, from $104 million, or $1.22 a share, in the three months a year earlier. Revenues were up to $2.38 billion from $2.13 billion. Westinghouse said that a gain of 11.8 percent in operating profits in the latest quarter came primarily from the corporation's Industry Products Company. Operating results of its Public Systems Company were up slightly and at its Power Systems Company they were down slightly.
p2725
aVAfter working on robot technology for 22 years at the General Electric Company, Ralph Mosher left in 1971 to form Robotics Inc. and began producing heavy industrial robots. He sold about a dozen before running into financing problems and the 1974-75 recession. At that point, he switched to making a device to seal auto engine gaskets. Sales have been booming and now he plans to pump some of the profits back into robots and carve out his own special niche in the market. Specifically, he is developing a line of inexpensive, benchassembly robots that he hopes to introduce in 1982.
p2726
aVThe General Electric Company and eight Japanese companies have agreed to jointly test and develop an advanced boiling water nuclear reactor, G.E. annnounced in Tokyo. Financial terms of the development effort were not disclosed.
p2727
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation is negotiating with Japan's Mitsubishi Electric Corporation to establish a joint venture in the United States to manufacture integrated circuits, the companies said yesterday. The announcement was initially made by an official of the Japanese company, who indicated Mitsubishi was also talking with another American electric company but was leaning toward Westinghouse. A Westinghouse spokesman, later in the day, confirmed that negotiations were taking place.
p2728
aVThe General Electric Company said it plans to close its 77-year-old flat iron plant here, putting about 1,000 employees out of work, because it is phasing out its metal irons in favor of plastic bodied irons. Plant workers were told that G.E. will halt production in the United States of metal irons and close the plant, about 45 miles east of Los Angeles, by next February.
p2729
asS'198106'
p2730
(lp2731
VThe United States has banned the import of certain steel products made by a French company that recently agreed to build a $350 million electric steel plant in the Soviet Union. The Treasury order was aimed at Creusot-Loire, a giant steel producer that signed its Soviet pact after Washington imposed export controls against the Soviet Union following the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan, forcing the cancellation of a contract involving Armco Inc., a leading American steelmaker. In early January, President Carter announced a ban on strategic exports and a reduction of grain shipments. The United States had received assurances from France and other allies that they would not move to fill the breach caused by suspension or cancellation of projects undertaken by American companies.
p2732
aVCanada and the United States, which have two of the world's most closely connected economies, are being drawn even closer together in the energy field these days by rapidly growing new links in electricity. Vast amounts of electrical energy, most of it heading south, are flowing on new transmission lines across the 3,986.8-mile-long border between the two countries. Some experts predict that the two-way trade in this energy will exceed $10 billion by the end of the decade, compared with less than $800 million now. ''The idea has been around a long time,'' said one American diplomat, ''but the interest is suddenly growing now. It's really astounding.''
p2733
aVThree executives were sentenced to prison terms today in a $1.25 million bribery scheme intended to enhance the General Electric Company's bid for a contract to build a Puerto Rican electric-generating plant. United States District Judge Anne Thompson fined G.E. $31,000. A G.E. subcontractor on the project, Schenectady Turbine Services Ltd. of Schenectady, and the executives also were fined $31,000 each. The judge refused to stay the fines pending an appeal.
p2734
aVThe pent-up demand for long-term financing among large corporations was demonstrated yesterday when the International Business Machines Corporation and the General Foods Corporation announced plans for a total of $600 million of new issues. The quick actions to arrange borrowings came with bond market yields declining for six weeks and investment bankers discerning continuing investor demand for new high-yielding issues. The yield for bellwether 30-year Treasury issues has fallen from more than 14.25 percent in early May to about 12.6 percent now. Despite the decline, yields are still high enough that investors are buying heavily and may absorb more than $5 billion of new issues this month.
p2735
aVAn intense debate - partly philosophical, partly practical, entirely political - is under way in Washington about the role and future of the Export-Import Bank, the 47-year-old institution that provides low-interest loans to finance the sale of American products abroad. The outcome of the debate could set the tone for the Reagan Administration's evolving export policy and could significantly influence the prospects for narrowing the nation's trade deficit, which is now running at about $30 billion a year. The philosophical debate on the role of the bank pits the conservative theorists and budget-cutters of the Administration, who have proposed slashing the bank's lending authority, against an ad hoc coalition of business, labor and the bank's Congressional backers, who want to expand its lending authority to aid exports. The struggle has reached a peak just as the bank is about to report its first losing quarter in history and when the latest Government projections indicate that it may run out of money within four years. The loss, expected to be about $30 million, will be for the fourth fiscal quarter of 1981, ending Sept. 30.
p2736
aVThe General Electric Company said today that about 8,000 G.E. Appliance Park employees would be furloughed for two weeks, beginning on Monday.
p2737
aVThe Southwest Airlines Company of Dallas said that it had agreed to buy 10 Boeing 737-300 aircraft, the stretch version of the Boeing Company's basic twin-engine 737-200 series jetliner, at a base price of $16.2 million each, or a total of $162 million.
p2738
aVThe Northrop Corporation said that it had awarded two contracts totaling more than $250 million to provide major systems for the company's F-5G fighter plane, now under development. Northrop said that the General Electric Company's aerospace electronic systems department had received a contract of more than $200 million for application and testing of an advanced radar system and options for quantity production of the system. The company also said it had awarded Honeywell Inc. a contract worth more than $50 million for the development and incorporation of an inertial navigation unit in the F-5G and options for quantity production of the system.
p2739
aVThe parent company of the Metropolitan Edison Company, former operator of the idle Three Mile Island nuclear generating plant, announced today that banks would reduce the credit limit of the financially troubled unit. Verner H. Condon, executive vice president and chief financial officer of the parent, the General Public Utilities Corporation, said the banks participating in the utility system's revolving credit agreement will reduce the limit for Met-Ed by $5 million effective July 31 and another $5 million by the end of August.
p2740
aV* Amerace Corporation has elected to its board Thomas R. Berner, a New York lawyer. * Champion International, Stamford, Conn., has elected Marvin H. Ginsky senior vice president and general counsel; Philip R. O'Connell senior vice president and secretary, and Frank Kneisel vice president and treasurer. * Coastal Corporation, Houston, has named James R. Paul chief financial officer and Jon Bert McElreath chief accounting officer.
p2741
asS'198101'
p2742
(lp2743
VThe Trans Union Corporation said it had terminated discussions with the General Electric Company for a possible merger. The company, which is engaged in tank and rail car leasing, vessel chartering and waste treatment, did not give any reason for the action.
p2744
aVThe Justice Department asked United States District Court Judge Harold H. Greene late today to put off, for one month, the Feb. 2 deadline he set for the Government and the American Telephone and Telegraph Company to present the final terms of an out-of-court settlement of the Government's antitrust suit against A.T.&T. Judge Greene suspended the historic trial January 16, just after each side's opening statements, to give them time to work out the terms of the preliminary agreement that Bell and the Justice Department had announced. The agreement must be acceptable to the new Reagan Administration.
p2745
aVThe General Electric Company and the Westinghouse Electric Corporation, the nation's two largest electrical equipment suppliers, both reported modest income and sales gains for the fourth quarter of 1980 yesterday, but G.E.'s statistics gave it more to look forward to in 1981, analysts said. G.E. said that its best operating margins of the year lifted overall earnings 7.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 1980, compared with the similar period in 1979. Earnings in the fourth quarter rose to $411 million, or $1.80 a share, from $383 million, or $1.68 a share, in the last quarter of 1979. Sales in the fourth quarter were $6.92 billion, up 12.9 percent from $6.13 billion in the comparable period a year earlier.
p2746
aVRailroads will no longer be able to set rates collectively under a new policy of the Interstate Commerce Commission. Seeking to stimulate competition, the I.C.C. directed the railroads to end their pricing agreements in 90 days and to propose alternative pricing arrangements. The industry opposes the measure. (Page D1.) International trade has become an issue of conflict within the Reagan Administration. A greater diffusion of authority in the trade field may result if the State Department is given broader powers at the expense of the Office of the United States Trade Representative and the Commerce Department. (D1.)
p2747
aVWalter B. Wriston, chairman and chief executive of Citicorp, has been named the chairman of the Business Council, succeeding Reginald H. Jones, chairman of the General Electric Company, who completed a two-year term at the end of 1980. The council, composed of current and former heads of leading American companies, meets four times a year to discuss economic and public policy issues with top Government officials. Newly elected vice chairmen are Charles L. Brown, chairman of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company; Ruben F. Metiler, chairman of TRW Inc.; Donald V. Seibert, chairman of the J.C. Penney Company, and T.A. Wilson, chairman of the Boeing Company.
p2748
aVThe Trans Union Corporation, whose shareholders are scheduled to vote Feb. 10 on a proposed merger with the Marmon Group Inc., disclosed in a special amendment to its proxy statement that it was pursuing merger discussions with an unidentified suitor. Trans Union, a holding company that leases tank cars and a variety of industrial equipment, has been seeking a merger offer more favorable than the $690 million bid it received in September from the Marmon Group, a privately held concern controlled by the Pritzker family of Chicago. Trans Union also disclosed that it had ended merger talks with the General Electric Company because the Marmon Group had refused to terminate its offer.
p2749
aV* First National Bank of New Jersey purchased five branches of the Newark-based Fidelity Union Bancorp in Bergen and Hudson counties. * Ford Aerospace and Communications Corporation received a $42.7 million Army contract for 25-millimeter ammunition.
p2750
aVA Federal judge has recommended that the Government be ordered to pay more than $16 million in damages to the Bendix Corporation for an infringement of a 1952 patent for fuel control device for jets, the company said. In 1958, Bendix filed a claim charging the Government awarded the General Electric Corporation and Woodward Governor contracts to build the device based on the patented Bendix design, a company spokesman said.
p2751
aVThe RCA Corporation said it had agreed in principle to sell Raco Inc. to Harvey Hubbell Inc. for $40 million less a credit for liabilities that could amount to between $2 and $2.5 million. Raco, which manufactures boxes and fittings for electrical outlets and switches, is a subsidiary of the C.I.T. Financial Corporation, which was acquired by RCA last January.
p2752
aV* Bath Iron Works Corp., announced it would build two 666-foot tankers at a cost of $142 million. * Charter Company said it had agreed to a consent order with the Department of Energy under which Charter will make cash payments of $28.2 million and forgo future price increases relative to the recovery of previously incurred costs totaling $67 million. * Honeywell Inc. and Matrix Corporation signed an agreement for the exclusive distribution and service by Honeywell of Matrix Color Graphic Products in Western and Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East.
p2753
asS'198103'
p2754
(lp2755
VPuerto Rico's Electrical Power Authority filed a $189 million suit today against the General Electric Company for bribing a Government official to buy an allegedly defective generating plant. The suit, filed in United States District Court, charged that G.E. ''violated the contract'' and built a defective plant that allegedly has contributed to blackouts on the island. A Federal jury found G.E. guilty Feb. 11 of paying a $1.25 million bribe in 1974 to Carlos Velazquez Toro, then the authority's chief of operations, to secure a $92 million contract to build a generating plant in Puerto Rico.
p2756
aVThe International Business Machines Corporation has proposed to the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company that the Japanese concern make small computers for it, industry sources here say. Matsushita reportedly was ''giving positive consideration to the proposal.'' ''Our official comment is 'No comment','' said a spokesman in Japan for Matsushita, which is based in Osaka and markets a wide variety of consumer electric products under Panasonic, National, Quasar and Technic labels. A spokesman in Tokyo for IBM Japan said, ''As of now, we are not in a position to comment on it.''
p2757
aVThe Navy today signaled its resolve to get the problem-plagued, $6 billion Trident missile submarine program back on the rails, installing a two-star admiral as supervisor of construction at the Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation. Rear Adm.
p2758
aVAirbus Industrie, a multinational consortium of European aerospace companies, broke into the Canadian airline market yesterday with the announcement that Wardair International Ltd., Canada's largest charter carrier, had ordered six of its A310 wide-body planes. The price comes to about $425 million (Canadian), including spare parts and technical support.
p2759
aVThe Gulf Oil Corporation said that its auditors, Coopers & Lybrand, had removed their qualified opinion from financial statements, retroactive to 1978. The auditors had qualified Gulf's financial statements for 1978, 1979 and 1980 because of the uncertain outcome of several uranium-supply suits faced by Gulf. Gulf said that by the end of 1980 it had resolved most of its disputes with the utility customers of its General Atomic Company subsidiary, recorded a provision for possible loss from supply of the uranium and settled its dispute with the Westinghouse Electric Corporation.
p2760
aVCAN a small manufacturer of electric cars make money in the fiercely competitive United States automotive market? The U.S. Electricar Corporation says it can, but anyone who reads the company's prospectus filed prior to its public offering last spring might argue no. While Electricar calls itself the largest such manufacturer in the United States, the company delivered a total of only 79 vehicles in 1979, despite a manufacturing capacity of 2,500 cars a year. In the fiscal third quarter ended Nov. 30, a period of peak production, Electricar turned out only 40 cars, enough to produce a profit for the quarter. They were all presold, but the automobile market consists of 8 million to 10 million units, so that output is not even a drop in the bucket.
p2761
aVOVER the past decade, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation has demonstrated that it is among the best of the nation's industrial heavyweights when it comes to absorbing a punch. But can it throw one? The Pittsburgh-based giant was wounded several times in the 1970's by a series of costly and time-consuming events - an overseas bribery scandal, the decline and eventual sale of its well-known appliance business, a money-losing venture into urban housing development, quality-control problems with its large steam turbines, and a uranium contract dispute with billions of dollars at stake. Westinghouse not only survived, it emerged last year with most of its legal entanglements settled. Its newly slimmed-down operations generated record sales of $8.5 billion and record profits of $402.9 million. It also amassed a hoard of cash that enabled it to offer $646 million for the Teleprompter Corporation, the nation's largest cable television concern.
p2762
aVThe Connecticut General Insurance Corporation has long stood slightly apart from the clannish insurance community that dominates Hartford. Unlike its downtown rivals, Connecticut General moved to a modern office campus in suburban Bloomfield in 1957. And from its base as a life insurer, the company moved strongly into group life and health policies, and pension management, placing less emphasis on property and casualty insurance products than its neighbors, such as Aetna Life and Casualty and the Travelers Insurance Companies. That strategy apparently worked well. Last year, Connecticut General's operating income increased 17 percent, to $316.7 million, on a 4 percent increase in revenues, to $5.28 billion. In contrast, other publicly owned multiline insurers, sharply affected by the deteriorating property and casualty market, posted lower earnings despite large gains in investment income. The operating earnings of Aetna and Travelers, the only major multiline, stock-held insurers comparable to Connecticut General, declined by 9.1 percent and 5.7 percent, respectively.
p2763
aVROBERT C. HALL sits at the wheel of an enterprise that has been running on little more than faith. In the five years since it was established here, Satellite Business Systems hasn't recorded a penny of revenue, to say nothing of profits. Yet, three substantial investors the International Business Machines Corporation, the Aetna Life and Casualty Company and the Comsat General Corporation - have committed $525 million just to get the company started. Mr. Hall, the 48-year-old president and chief executive officer of S.B.S., and his three sponsors want to build a communications network in space, a ''super highway,'' he calls it, to carry electronic mail, computer data, television images and telephone conversations faster and with greater capacity than anything ever attempted outside the Pentagon. On March 19, Mr. Hall's venture will finally go into operation when it hooks up its first customer, the Boeing Company. A satellite that S.B.S. launched last November will link Boeing computers in three different locations, giving executives and engineers instant access to information on all three.
p2764
aVTHE Transamerica Corporation has an image problem. Mr. Average American, it seems, is hard-pressed to know what it is that Transamerica does. In the investment community, as one Wall Street analyst put it, ''There are only a handful of people who can even spell Transamerica.'' Ask someone what Transamerica is - all $4.4 billion of it - and you draw long hard stares. So one of the conglomerate's chief ambitions is to mold Transamerica into an instantly recognizable name, like General Motors or General Electric. And the man charged with tackling that task is James Harvey, who took over in January as Transamerica's chief executive officer, replacing John Beckett, the company's long-time guiding father who has retired from the post, while continuing as chairman for another two years. ''Our goal is to build one of the great consumer names in the country, like General Electric,'' Mr. Harvey said. ''In the past the company simply hasn't been that well recognized.''
p2765
asS'198102'
p2766
(lp2767
VThe International Business Machines Corporation has proposed to the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company that the Japanese concern make small computers for it, industry sources here say. Matsushita reportedly was ''giving positive consideration to the proposal.'' ''Our official comment is 'No comment','' said a spokesman in Japan for Matsushita, which is based in Osaka and markets a wide variety of consumer electric products under Panasonic, National, Quasar and Technic labels. A spokesman in Tokyo for IBM Japan said, ''As of now, we are not in a position to comment on it.''
p2768
aVCorporate America yesterday welcomed President Reagan's economic program - particularly his proposals to encourage investment - as a long-needed change in Government policy. Many of the nation's top business executives said that they expected the President's economic plans, if approved by Congress, to lead to increased investment in new plant and equipment. They also believe that his proposed tax revisions will put the consumer in a better buying mood. But as the businessmen passed from near-euphoria after the President's address Wednesday night to a more analytical mood, many were unable to cite the definite effects the proposals might have on their companies.
p2769
aVThe Gulf Oil Corporation said that its auditors, Coopers & Lybrand, had removed their qualified opinion from financial statements, retroactive to 1978. The auditors had qualified Gulf's financial statements for 1978, 1979 and 1980 because of the uncertain outcome of several uranium-supply suits faced by Gulf. Gulf said that by the end of 1980 it had resolved most of its disputes with the utility customers of its General Atomic Company subsidiary, recorded a provision for possible loss from supply of the uranium and settled its dispute with the Westinghouse Electric Corporation.
p2770
aVTHE headquarters of the American Water Works Company here on the outskirts of town seems to symbolize the obscurity of the nation's water utilities. The compact, single story brick building sits not far from the road, the modest front lawn devoid of fountain, pool or waterfall that would mark the building as home of the nation's largest publicly traded water utility holding company, serving more than 500 communities in 20 states. American Water Works has found that being No. 1 among publicly held water companies is not quite the same as being the American Telephone and Telegraph Company in the telephone industry. On Wall Street, the company paddles in the backwaters of the financial action. A water expert at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Steven Hanke, calls the water utilities a ''forgotten industry.'' Forgotten, that is, until there is a drought and customers start worrying that their taps will go dry. Then the water utilities face regulatory and political pressures that normally focus on their larger and more costly brethren, the electric, gas and telephone companies. The water utilities find themselves hiring publicrelations experts and defending themselves against charges of failure to plan ahead.
p2771
aVA Federal jury found the General Electric Company guilty today of paying a $1.25 million bribe to an official in Puerto Rico to secure a $92 million contract to build a power plant. The jury weighed evidence presented at the three-week trial for almost eight hours over two days before reaching its verdict. General Electric and Twombley Inc., a Woodcliff Lake, N.J., contracting concern, were convicted of creating a slush fund to bribe Carlos Velazquez Toro, the former chief of operations for Puerto Rico's Water Resources Authority, who resigned in 1976 and died three years later. The bribe was intended to guarantee the 1974 award of a $92 million contract to build an electric generating plant in Aguirre, P.R.
p2772
aVFor generations, blue-collar workers here have gauged the health of the local economy by the number of rectangular steel auto frames along the edge of the 140-acre manufacturing complex operated by the A.O. Smith Corporation. The more frames, the greater the general prosperity, according to the prevailing wisdom. But the 107-year-old company, the largest supplier of passenger car and truck frames to the United States auto industry, has come upon hard times because of new designs in auto making, particularly the shift to front-wheel-drive cars. That switch, the result of an effort to lighten cars and improve fuel efficiency, has spelled the end for conventional steel frames and a decline in orders that were partly responsible for a 17 percent drop in sales at the company last year and a loss of $1.7 million, compared with a profit of $23.6 million, or $4.79 a share, in 1979.
p2773
aVTHE Transamerica Corporation has an image problem. Mr. Average American, it seems, is hard-pressed to know what it is that Transamerica does. In the investment community, as one Wall Street analyst put it, ''There are only a handful of people who can even spell Transamerica.'' Ask someone what Transamerica is - all $4.4 billion of it - and you draw long hard stares. So one of the conglomerate's chief ambitions is to mold Transamerica into an instantly recognizable name, like General Motors or General Electric. And the man charged with tackling that task is James Harvey, who took over in January as Transamerica's chief executive officer, replacing John Beckett, the company's long-time guiding father who has retired from the post, while continuing as chairman for another two years. ''Our goal is to build one of the great consumer names in the country, like General Electric,'' Mr. Harvey said. ''In the past the company simply hasn't been that well recognized.''
p2774
aVThe house that Darryl F. Zanuck built contains far more riches than meet the casual eye. The rabid interest among a band of corporate suitors of the 20th Century-Fox Film Corporation stretches beyond a simple desire to be part of the glitter and glamour of making movies. Tucked within the framework of the big film company is a bevy of lucrative assets, including some of the choicest real estate in the world, most of which is carried on the Fox books at well below what the assets might fetch in today's marketplace. It comes as little surprise, then, that Marvin Davis, a Denver oil millionaire, has offered close to $700 million to buy Fox. ''If you took all the assets of this company and sold them off piecemeal,'' says Anthony Hoffman, a securities analyst at A.G. Becker, ''you'd probably get a good deal more money than Mr. Davis is preparing to pay.''
p2775
aV* General Electric of Britain secured an order for two steam turbine electric generator sets from the Calgary Power Company of Canada. * Independent Liberty Life Insurance Company said it had been notified that the Georgetown Life Insurance Company and the Florida General Life Insurance Company had made open market purchases of 90,000 of its shares, or about 6 percent of its outstanding.
p2776
aVDavid F. Long, 53, has been promoted to president and chief executive officer of Pacer Technology and Resources, a major producer of cyanocrylate adhesives - popularly known as instant glues or super glues. He succeeds Hugh F. Stock, 47, who becomes chairman of the company, which is based in Campbell, Calif.
p2777
asS'198602'
p2778
(lp2779
VThe General Electric Company has been awarded four military contracts totaling $343.2 million, the Defense Department said. Two Army contracts totaling $302.6 million are for helicopter engines. Two Navy contracts totaling $40.6 million are for work on engines for F-18 jets.
p2780
aVA high-pressure sodium vapor lamp patented this week for the General Electric Company has an inner tube that is operated at increased temperature to improve its efficacy.
p2781
aVThe General Electric Credit Corporation is offering two issues of extendible notes totaling $500 million through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Company.
p2782
aVThe RCA Corporation said yesterday that 61.6 percent of its shareholders had approved the General Electric Company's $6.28 billion acquisition of the company. The deal, valued at $66.50 a share and backed by a 12-to-1 ratio of the shareholder votes cast, would be the largest non-oil merger in American history.
p2783
aNaVA General Electric Company consortium signed a contract with China's Huaneng International Power Development Corporation worth $365 million, to provide two Chinese power plants with equipment, including four coal-fired generating units. The consortium was formed by G.E.; Babcock & Wilcox Industries of Canada, a subsidiary of McDermott International Inc., and Ansaldo S.p.A. of Italy. General Electric will supply turbines, Babcock & Wilcox will provide boilers and Ansaldo will do the plant engineering and provide other equipment.
p2784
aVThe General Electric Company, for the third year running, has won the larger share of the Air Force's jet engine business over archrival Pratt & Whitney, the Air Force said today. But as was the case last year, the split between the two companies is almost even. The Air Force said G.E. would build 56 percent of its fighter jet engines in the fiscal year 1987, while Pratt & Whitney will build the remaining 44 percent.
p2785
aVWorkers at the General Dynamics Corporation here have accused some managers at the company of falsifying time cards, and say the practice has led to overbilling on Government contracts. Although the giant military contractor is currently under indictment for fraud, the charges against it have not included instances of incorrect billing for employee time. But at least one other major military contractor, the General Electric Company, has faced such charges, and was temporarily barred from Pentagon work in early 1985. G.E. pleaded guilty to 108 counts of falsifying time cards, and was fined $1.04 million, the maximum allowable. G.E. was also ordered to pay back the $800,000 that was falsely billed. In scores of interviews outside factory gates, inside their homes and over the telephone since last Friday, many General Dynamics workers said that supervisors at the General Dynamics plants here sometimes incorrectly billed employee hours to the Federal Government. The workers also said that, until recently, managers in some departments filled out time cards after the workers signed them. The employees in those departments signed the cards at the beginning of each week and never saw them again, they said.
p2786
aVOFTEN, college graduation means the end of the extra- curricular activities that made college fun in the first place - the student newspaper, the campus debating team, the student band. But it does not have to be that way. For Robert S. Whyte, graduating from Berkeley in the late 1950's did not mean giving up one of the loves he developed there: playing in a ''banjo band.'' He recalls his debut at San Francisco's Red Garter in those days as ''one of the biggest thrills I can remember.'' And when a job with the International Business Machines Corporation moved him a whole continent away from the band he had come to love, he immediately searched for kindred spirits in the East.
p2787
aVMCA Inc. is a serious bidder for WOR-TV, the New Jersey-based television station that covers the New York market, according to sources familiar with the company. MCA is the parent company of Universal Pictures and Universal Television, a leading producer of TV shows. Cox Communications is also rumored to be bidding for the company. And the Westinghouse Electric Corporation has said it is interested in WOR-TV. Neither Cox nor MCA officials could not be reached for comment.
p2788
asS'196612'
p2789
(lp2790
sS'196611'
p2791
(lp2792
sS'198603'
p2793
(lp2794
VThe General Dynamics Corporation's Electric Boat shipyard will shut down for two weeks during the Christmas-New Year holiday season, the the first shutdown of the shipyard in 35 years. All 18,000 employees will be affected, company officials said. Eletric Boat's general manager, Fritz G. Tovar, said in a memo that the shutdown was intended ''to provide for more efficient operations during a period of time when absenteeism is higher than normal and to take advantage of plant holidays.''
p2795
aVThe Air Force announced that The General Electric Company received a $770.8 million increase to a contract for engines for F-14 and F-16 fighter aircraft and the United Technologies Corporation received a $506.2 million contract for engines for the F-15 and F-16.
p2796
aVPRACTICALITY being one of his traits, Kevin Keating likes things to last - really last. So when it comes to choosing light bulbs for his home, he screws in the kind that burn for half a century. Half a century? So Mr. Keating says - and he makes the bulbs. At age 34 he is founder and president of DioLight Technology Inc., a little company in Pontiac, Mich. that markets the ''Forever'' bulb. With normal daily usage of two or three hours, Mr. Keating says, the bulb will glow for a robust 50 years, if the cat doesn't knock the lamp over. DioLight takes its chances and guarantees the bulb for eternity. The company also makes a tubular bulb intended for exit signs over doors in places like office buildings and restaurants. By law, exit signs must stay lit 24 hours a day, so lamp life matters. DioLight says its product will burn for 80,000 hours, or a good nine years, about 80 times the life expectancy of most conventional bulbs, and it guarantees the bulb for four years.
p2797
aV* A.B. SKF, Stockholm, said its U.S. subsidiary, SKF Inc., had signed a letter of intent to purchase the bearing division of TRW Inc. Terms were not disclosed. * Alamito Co., Tucson, Ariz., said Ventana Electric Co. had advised the company that it expected to consummate their merger by March 31. * Aloha Inc., Honolulu, said CNS Partners, which owns 15.9 percent of its common stock, was offering to acquire the remainder at $27.50 a share subject to a number of conditions, including the arrangement of financing.
p2798
aVThe Consumers Power Company said today that it would try to convert the Midland nuclear power plant to a gas-fueled generator, ending nearly two years of uncertainty over the fate of the shuttered facility. The utility will ask for permission to spend about $500 million to convert the plant, a spokesman, Paul Knopick, said.
p2799
aVThe National Cooperative Services Corporation yesterday announced plans to sell nearly $359 million of bonds as part of a sale and leaseback transaction involving a new electric generating plant leased by the Deseret Generation and Transmission Cooperative. According to an official at Salomon Brothers Inc., which is handling the bond sale, the financing for the new Bonanza power plant in Vernal, Utah, is the largest leasing transaction ever arranged for a single facility.
p2800
aVWith two-thirds of its revenues coming from the import-battered consumer electronics business, the Zenith Electronics Corporation has struggled to eke out a profit in recent years. That struggle has largely eclipsed one of the company's proudest accomplishments - the transformation of its once-tiny computer subsidiary into one of the nation's most successful computer companies. While hard times have afflicted Zenith's television business, its computer subsidiary, Zenith Data Systems, has flourished by concentrating on supplying business and government. Just last month it beat out International Business Machines for a much-coveted contract to supply the Internal Revenue Service with lap-top computers. And a few days later Zenith won the largest microcomputer contract the Federal Government has ever awarded - a $242 million order to supply 90,000 desktop computers to the Defense Department. Analysts predict that the computer subsidiary will bring in $500 million of revenues this year, up from $352 million last year and $125 million two years before that.
p2801
aVWard Smith took over as chief executive at White Consolidated Industries in January, and in recent interviews he has brimmed with ideas to improve the big appliance maker's manufacturing and marketing. But his ambitious plans may now be somewhat in limbo. In a move that surprised industry analysts, Electrolux A.B. of Sweden, one of the world's largest makers of home appliances, over the weekend offered $45 a share, or about $711 million, for White. White, which is based in Cleveland and is the nation's third-largest manufacturer of appliances, has not yet responded to the unsolicited bid.
p2802
aVThe Megawatt Corporation, a New York-based company, has offered $128 a share, or a total of $281 million, for the Alamito Company, an electricity wholesaler based in Tucson, Ariz. Megawatt said it planned to finance the merger with $20 million in equity capital and $260 million from the General Electric Credit Corporation. Alamito, which said the offer was being reviewed, recently rejected a bid by Homans McGraw Tully Valeo & Company that the Boston investment bank valued at $372 million.
p2803
aVThe General Electric Company yesterday began offering $300 million of 8 5/8 percent sinking fund debentures, due 2016, at a price of par through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. The triple-A-rated issue is priced to yield 63-hundredths of a percentage point more than the 30-year Treasury bond and carries a 10-year non-refunding provision. A sinking fund beginning in 1997 to retire 5 percent of the issue annually will give the debentures an average life of 20.5 years.
p2804
asS'198601'
p2805
(lp2806
VThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that earnings in the fourth quarter edged up 1.2 percent on a 9.4 increase in sales. The electrical products and financial services company said net income increased to $660 million, or $1.45 a share, from $652 million, or $1.44 a share, in the 1984 quarter.
p2807
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Company, aided by strength in its industrial products operations, reported yesterday that earnings in the fourth quarter of 1985 rose 14 percent on an 11.4 increase in sales. Westinghouse, the nation's second-largest producer of electrical equipment, after the General Electric Company, said that net income in the latest three months climbed to $183.1 million, or $1.12 a share, from $160.6 million, or 91 cents a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier. Sales jumped to $3.22 billion, from $2.89 billion.
p2808
aNaVThe Plessey Company said it had started legal proceedings in the United States against the General Electric Company of Britain to protect the interests of its American shareholders. G.E.C., which is not related to the American company of the same name, has made a $1.75 billion hostile bid for Plessey. In its complaint, lodged with the Delaware District Court Monday, Plessey said that G.E.C. had failed to disclose certain facts that shareholders would need to know to decide whether to accept the offer.
p2809
aVRobert R. Frederick, the president and chief executive of RCA Inc. opposed the merger between the General Electric Company and RCA Inc., according to proxy material filed Monday in connection with the $6.28 million deal. The proxy, unusual in the degree of information it made public, states that Mr. Frederick, convinced that RCA should remain independent and pursue its own strategic plan, voted against the merger.
p2810
aVA tentative settlement has been reached in 16 lawsuits filed in Delaware by shareholders of the RCA Corporation regarding the proposed acquisition of RCA by the General Electric Company. The dispute involved RCA's agreement to give G.E. an option to buy 28.3 million shares at $53.125 a share if G.E.'s $66.50-a-share offer was topped by another bidder or in some way compromised by any major change in RCA's assets. The settlement, if approved by the Delaware court, would raise the price that G.E. would have to pay to $59.75 a share, the closing price of RCA's shares on the New York Stock Exchange on Dec. 11, the day the bid was announced.
p2811
aVThe General Electric Company of Britain said it had begun libel proceedings against the Plessey Company, which G.E.C. is trying to acquire. G.E.C., which is not related to the United States company with the same name, offered $:1.18 billion - about $1.7 million - for Plessey on Dec. 9.
p2812
aVThe European consortium battling for a stake in Britain's Westland helicopter company made a new offer today to win over small shareholders who might otherwise choose to accept a rival American-led bid. Lloyds Merchant Bank said it was offering on behalf of the three continental European consortium members to buy up to 12.63 million shares at $1.82 a share.
p2813
aVAmerican Century Corp., San Antonio, said its board had approved the previously announced offer by Gerald H. Stool to acquire the 67 percent of the company he does not already own for about $6.30 a share. * American Standard Inc. said it intended to buy up to another two million shares of its common in open market or other transactions. * Bethlehem Steel Corp., Bethlehem, Pa., said it was raising transaction prices for rails and accessories $35 per short ton and 5 percent for track work, effective immediately for new orders placed for shipment starting April 1.
p2814
aNasS'198606'
p2815
(lp2816
VThe General Electric Company said it had completed its $6.4 billion purchase of the RCA Corporation, closing the biggest non-oil acquisition in the nation's history.
p2817
aVThe United States Steel Corporation said it was raising by $15 a ton the transaction price on certain grades of its hot-rolled bar products. The company said the new prices would apply to carbon and alloy grade bars on shipments made from Aug. 1 through July 31, 1987. The company said it would also raise transaction prices by $15 a ton for leaded steel grades for all bar products on Aug. 1.
p2818
aVThe General Electric Company and Japan's Fanuc Ltd. said yesterday that they would establish a joint venture to sell machine-control equipment and systems. Analysts said that the move reflected tough competition in the factory automation market, which has grown more slowly than expected in the United States.
p2819
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation's robotics operations have been struggling, just as have those of its competitors in a field that has not lived up to its early promise. Last week, Westinghouse reorganized its unit and put in charge John B. Yasinsky, who has worked a good deal of his time in Westinghouse's nuclear energy activities. Mr. Yasinsky, who is vice president and general manager of the advanced industrial systems division, will also take under his wing Westinghouse's newly formed automation division. The unit is a combination of the advanced technology products division, which houses its Unimation robotics unit, and its industrial electronics division.
p2820
aVThe General Electric Company's purchase of the National Broadcasting Company was approved today by the Federal Communications Commission. The F.C.C.'s approval was the last regulatory hurdle to complete G.E.'s agreement to buy the RCA Corporation, which owns NBC, for $6.28 billion.
p2821
aVDebt * American General Corp. is issuing $250 million of 6 to 6 1/2 percent convertible Eurobonds due in 2001 at par through Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd.; bondholders may put, or redeem, the bonds after seven years; the bonds are callable after 30 days. * Citicorp sold $50 million of 91-day commercial paper at an average rate of 6.623 percent, down from 6.799 percent last week, and $50 million of 182-day paper at an average rate of 6.520 percent, down from 6.759 percent. * Federal Home Loan Banks are offering dealers $1.145 billion of 7 1/4 percent bonds due June 27, 1988; $1.27 billion of 7 3/4 percent bonds due June 25, 1990, and $1.02 billion of 8 1/4 percent bonds due June 25, 1996, all at par.
p2822
aVDebt * General Telephone Company of Calif. has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for up to $600 million of first mortgage bonds. * Gillette Co. is issuing 55 million European Currency Units of 7 1/2 percent Eurobonds due 1993 at 100 1/4 through Banque Paribas Capital Markets.
p2823
aV* Clear Channel Communications Inc., San Antonio, said it had agreed to buy two radio stations, WHAS-AM and WMAZ-AM, from the Bingham family of Louisville, Ky., for $20.1 million. * General Electric Credit Corp., Stamford, Conn., a unit of General Electric Co., and Genstar Corp. said they had reached an agreement under which General Electric Credit would acquire a 95 percent interest in Genstar Container Corp. Terms were not disclosed.
p2824
aVAZP Group Inc. had not considered acquiring a financial institution when it restructured itself just last year, according to the chairman of the utility holding company, Keith L. Turley. But a few weeks ago it was approached by Merabank, Arizona's largest savings bank. Merabank thought it was likely to be taken over, and sought AZP as a friendly partner. Before long AZP agreed to buy the thrift unit for $440 million.
p2825
aVGeneral Electric Financial Services, a division of the General Electric Company, said it had completed its acquisition of 80 percent of Kidder, Peabody & Company, first announced in April. G.E. will pay a reported $600 million for its interest in the Wall Street investment bank. In addition, G.E. said that it had increased the amount of new capital it would inject into Kidder from $130 million, to $180 million.
p2826
asS'199507'
p2827
(lp2828
VThe General Electric Company P.L.C., the British military and engineering company, said yesterday that it showed only moderate earnings growth in the year that ended on March 31. A 2.9 percent rise in pretax profit, to $:891 million, about $1.42 billion, was below market expectations of $:895 million to $:934 million. Profits fell at the company's electronic systems unit.
p2829
aVElectric Boat, which is cutting its work force as its submarine contracts dwindle, announced yesterday that a buyout package offered to union employees would be extended to salaried and nonunion workers. The decision doubles, to 2,000, the number of employees who would be eligible to receive early retirement incentives, the company said. Electric Boat, a unit of the General Dynamics Corporation, which is based in Falls Church, Va., will have only four submarines under contract by the end of this summer. At its peak in the 1980's, Electric Boat had backlogs of 15 submarines. Electric Boat employs about 14,700 people, including 12,000 at its shipyard in Groton, Conn. It plans to cut its work force to 6,500 by 1998.
p2830
aVThe Boeing Company expects to resume flight tests next week of its new 777's powered by engines built by the General Electric Company -- more than a month after the twin-jet planes were grounded because of problems found in the engines. Even with the delay in testing, Boeing and General Electric said they expected the planes to be certified and tested in time to begin delivery to British Airways in late September.
p2831
aNaVGPA Group P.L.C. of Ireland said yesterday that it planned to raise about $1.7 billion to pay off creditors by selling securities backed by leases on about 220 of its aircraft. The transaction, which could take place as early as the fourth quarter, would be the largest aircraft lease-backed sale ever, said Philip Baggaley, a transportation analyst at the Standard & Poor's Corporation. GPA, a leading airplane-leasing company, said it planned to use proceeds from its sale to refinance part of its $2.5 billion bank debt and other senior secured debt. The company was saved from bankruptcy by a restructuring in 1993 under which the GE Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Corporation, acquired as much as 80 percent ownership of the company.
p2832
aVFor years, the companies that convert cars to run on electricity have tried to buy new vehicles without the engines. Yesterday, for the first time, one company said it had found a vendor -- in Taiwan. Battery Automated Transportation Inc. of Burbank, Calif., said it would import engine-less cars, or "gliders," from the China Motor Company of Taiwan.
p2833
aVThe European Commission confirmed today that it had blocked plans by the General Electric Company to sell its 24 percent stake in Nuovo Pignone S.p.A. of Italy to Dresser Industries and the Ingersoll-Rand Company. Karel van Miert, the commissioner in charge of competition issues, said the deal would have put Dresser and Ingersoll-Rand in an "unacceptably strong position" to supply compressors to the natural gas supply and distribution industry. Each company would have acquired a 12 percent stake in Nuovo Pignone for an undisclosed amount.
p2834
aVCBS's stock jumped $1.25 yesterday to close at $71, as investors bet heavily that the Westinghouse Electric Company could arrange the financing for a $5 billion bid for the media giant. One person with knowledge of the discussions said an offer might come within the next week and that the Westinghouse board was solidly behind its chairman, Michael H. Jordan, in favoring an acquisition of CBS. A key question is whether Westinghouse, which is already heavily leveraged, can borrow the money for the purchase. One executive close to the negotiations said yesterday that Westinghouse's bankers in the deal, J. P. Morgan and Chemical Bank, were optimistic.
p2835
aVAfter more than two years of dribbling, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation's chief executive, Michael H. Jordan, is about to take his big shot at revitalizing the struggling company. Any day now, if all goes as planned, Westinghouse is expected to offer $5 billion for CBS Inc. But, his name aside, there's little about this Michael Jordan that suggests this move will end in a slam-dunk. The stands are full of doubters from Wall Street and the media industry, many of whom note that CBS, the last independent network, has been available for years without any takers at the $80 a share Westinghouse is prepared to pay. True, Westinghouse would be buying a money-making business in CBS. But CBS is a deeply troubled company that ranks last in the ratings among the three big television networks, and more than anything else it needs creative managers who can increase revenues.
p2836
aVALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM INC., New York, said it planned to move its corporate headquarters to Washington County, Md., by late 1996. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., announced it had formed a joint venture with the Harris Corp. to develop electronic systems to control trains and railroads. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
p2837
asS'198604'
p2838
(lp2839
VThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that earnings in the first quarter rose 5 percent on a 5 percent drop in sales. The Fairfield, Conn., electrical products and financial services company said net income increased to $537 million, or $1.18 a share, from $511 million, or $1.12 a share. Sales fell to $5.88 billion from $6.2 billion.
p2840
aVThe General Electric Company has completed the sale of its operations in South Africa to local management. G.E. did not disclose terms of the agreement, which was concluded last week and involved units with annual sales of between $30 million and $40 million. G.E. said the operations employ 600 people and that the new owners had pledged to continue to observe ''fair employment practices'' that G.E. had introduced. The operations include the manufacture of electrical and industrial equipment. A G.E. spokesman said yesterday that the company would continue to do business with both the South African Government and private companies.
p2841
aVThe General Electric Company, selling debt for the third time in a week, is offering $500 million of 6 7/8 percent notes due 1991 at a price of 99 7/8, to yield 6.905 percent, through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Company. The notes, noncallable for the life of the issue, are rated triple-A by Moody's and S.& P., and yield about 20-hundredths of a percentage point more than Treasury securities of comparable maturity.
p2842
aVThe General Electric Company has agreed to pay $600 million in cash for control of Kidder, Peabody & Company, a respected 121-year-old investment bank and one of the last large privately held firms on Wall Street, the two companies announced jointly late yesterday. The purchase, through General Electric Financial Services, a G.E. subsidiary, is for 80 percent of Kidder, leaving 20 percent in the hands of its management. It will further the dramatic transformation of General Electric, one of the nation's largest industrial companies, from primarily a manufacturer of heavy industrial and technology equipment into a services conglomerate dominated by its financial businesses. In 1980, about half of G.E.'s earnings came from manufacturing and the remainder from services. After G.E.'s multibillion-dollar acquisition of RCA, which was initiated last December, is completed, 80 percent of its earnings will be generated by service businesses.
p2843
aVThe General Electric Company is offering $500 million of 7 1/8 percent notes at 99.80 to yield 7.20 percent to maturity in three years through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers. The notes, rated triple-A by Moody's and S.&P., are not callable. They yield about 17-hundredths percentage point more than three-year Treasury securities.
p2844
aNaVIt seemed just a rhetorical flourish when the General Electric Credit Corporation titled its recently released annual report ''Changing the Face of Finance.'' But with the General Electric Company's agreement on Thursday night to buy control of venerable Kidder, Peabody & Company, G.E. Credit may well be in a position to do just that. G.E. Credit is little known outside corporate America, where for years it has been a major factor in financing the growth of middle-sized companies, leasing equipment and financing buyouts of companies. But its parent company's agreement to pay $600 million for 80 percent of Kidder, a midsized investment bank, focused attention on the enormous clout it has quietly built up in the financial world, its bold aims and its creativity. The acquisition will come under the umbrella of G.E. Financial Services, whose principal operating unit is G.E. Credit. Kidder will operate as an autonomous unit, but is expected to mesh closely with G.E. Credit.
p2845
aVThe General Electric Company is offering $500 million of triple-A-rated 6 7/8 percent notes due in 1989 at a price of 100 through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. The interest rate on the notes was the lowest seen on a par-priced corporate issue in many years. The G.E. issue yields about 15-hundredths of a percentage point more than three-year Treasury notes.
p2846
aVThe Defense Department said today that contracts worth almost $90 million had been awarded for development of the National Aerospace Plane, a craft intended to take off from a runway and accelerate to 18,000 miles per hour into a low orbit. Propulsion-system design contracts were given to Pratt & Whitney, for $28.5 million, and the General Electric Company, for $26 million. Airframe-design contracts of $7 million each went to Boeing, General Dynamics, Lockheed, McDonnell Douglas and Rockwell International.
p2847
aVUntil a few months ago, the Alamito Company was an obscure electricity wholesaler in Tucson, Ariz. But then a frenzied takeover battle suddenly turned it into one of the most sought-after utilities in the country. Complete with lawsuits, ''lockup'' provisions and golden parachutes, the fight first pitted the top executives of the company against shareholders and then turned into a free-for-all that included numerous bids from four outside groups. Last Friday, the feverish contest -13 offers were made in all - apparently came to an end when Alamito said it had accepted a bid from one of the groups, Osceola Energy Inc., for $165 a share in cash, or $376.2 million. As part of the deal, it was agreed that Alamito's executives - who had been accused by the shareholders and Osceola of trying to spirit the company away for a fraction of its value -would stay on. Why the Interest? Why were so many bidders so interested in such a low-profile company?
p2848
asS'198605'
p2849
(lp2850
V''WE'RE not a bank,'' says Robert C. Wright, president of the General Electric Credit Corporation, with a note of disdain in his voice for banks. But perhaps the man protests too much. In the era of deregulation, G.E. Credit is emerging as a tough and innovative competitor for much more familiar giants of banking and finance such as Citicorp, Merrill Lynch and American Express. Consider its ingenuity: * Finding a new market. Many ill Americans are getting hospital bills that exceed their health insurance coverage. For G.E. Credit, that means opportunity. Early this year, it began offering a credit line of up to $5,000 to some hospital patients. The credit kicks in when a patient's insurance runs out. G.E. Credit says it expects to lend $100 million to patients this year, charging about 18 percent annual interest.
p2851
aNaNaVThe Justice Department today endorsed the General Electric Company's proposed purchase of the RCA Corporation for $6.28 billion, raising no objections to the two companies' overlapping electronics business. The combination, which still faces approval by the Federal Communications Commission, would be the largest non-oil acquisition in American history. RCA is the parent of the National Broadcasting Company.
p2852
aVOn Jan. 23, Ralph D. DeNunzio was presiding over the regular biweekly meeting of the management committee of Kidder, Peabody & Company when his secretary broke in to deliver a note. Mr. DeNunzio, Kidder's rotund, 55-year-old chief executive, had just received word that Morgan Stanley & Company, for five decades the model of an elite private Wall Street investment bank, had decided to sell shares to the public. That message became a catalyst, setting off a process that ended just three months later with 80 percent of the 121-year-old Kidder being swallowed by the highly regarded financial services unit of the General Electric Company for a whopping $600 million. Kidder's hard-driving professionals, a number of whom recounted the events leading to the acquisition in interviews last week, had read the message about Morgan Stanley in one way: Kidder had to act, and act fast. 'The Capital Question' ''I knew exactly what the note was,'' said Max C. Chapman, the obsessively competitive ex-Marine who heads Kidder's fixed-income department and sits on its management committee. ''I felt like we were falling further and further behind. We told Ralph that we just had to address the capital question.''
p2853
aVThe pace of withdrawal from South Africa by American companies has quickened, as some of the biggest corporations in the United States reconsider doing business in the economically and politically troubled country. Last week, the General Motors Corporation, in a reversal of a stance it held for many years, said it would stop selling vehicles to South African military or police agencies. In recent months, the leaders of other large corporations with major operations in South Africa, including the International Business Machines Corporation and the Xerox Corporation, have raised the possibility that they might end their operations there if business conditions continue to deteriorate. At least 48 American companies have pulled out of South Africa since the beginning of last year, according to a study by the Investor Responsibility Research Center, a not-for-profit organization based in Washington that studies issues affecting investors and corporations. The center's report said that 38 United States companies ended their presence in South Africa in 1985 and that 10 have left so far this year. In 1984, seven United States companies left South Africa, the center said.
p2854
aNaV* Fedders Corp., Peapack, N.J., said it was considering a plan to spin off its Nycor unit by offering shares in the company as a dividend to shareholders. Nycor said the decision would depend on how taxes would affect the transaction.
p2855
aVFOR several years, industrial and commercial concerns around the country have been cutting millions of dollars from their utility bills by producing their own electric and thermal energy, using power plants that harness waste heat that would otherwise escape into the air. Such cogeneration systems recycle waste heat to make steam - used in industrial processes - or for heating. There are several kinds of cogeneration systems in use, but recently a steam-injected gas turbine, or STIG, process has been gaining in popularity. According to a study at Princeton University's Center for Energy and Environmental Studies, STIG systems generate more power than other cogeneration approaches, but use the same amount of fuel. Eric D. Larson and Robert H. Williams, research scientists who conducted the Princeton study, said that a STIG plant could produce as much as six megawatts of power, compared with three and a half megawatts for a standard gas turbine plant using the same amount of fuel. Six megawatts is enough power to meet the needs of 5,000 homes.
p2856
aNasS'199709'
p2857
(lp2858
VThe General Electric Company's power systems unit agreed yesterday to buy the gas turbine division of Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc. for $600 million in cash. G.E. said the deal would expand its reach in the oil and gas industries, complement its power systems business with a broader portfolio of products and improve its customer service capabilities worldwide. The unit is being purchased by the GE Power Systems division. Stewart & Stevenson Gas Turbine Division, based in Houston, packages gas turbines for electrical power generation and operates power plants and offshore oil platforms. Shares of Stewart & Stevenson fell $3.75, to $24.125, while G.E. rose 12.50 cents, to $70.3125.
p2859
aVThe General Electric Company and Sea Containers Ltd. said yesterday that they would combine their container ship operations to cut costs and increase profits. The joint venture, to be called GE Seaco Services Ltd., will operate one of the world's biggest fleets of marine-freight containers, with 1.2 million metal containers and depots around the world. Sea Containers' class A shares rose $1.375, to $27.375, while its class B shares rose $1.5625, to $27.4325. Shares of G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., fell $1.75, to $66.875. Under the agreement, GE Capital will receive 70 percent of any profit from existing operations and Sea Containers, which has its headquarters in Hamilton, Bermuda, will get 30 percent. The two companies will split profits from additions to the fleet.
p2860
aVThe Carlyle Group said yesterday that it had acquired the military aircraft and vehicle maintenance divisions of UNC Inc. for an undisclosed sum. Carlyle said it would rename the operations, which have annual revenue of about $290 million and 4,000 employees, Lear Siegler Services Inc. The new company's headquarters will remain in Annapolis. Carlyle, based in Washington, is a closely held investment group headed by Frank Carlucci, the former United States Defense Secretary. UNC, an aircraft maintenance company also based in Annapolis, said the sale was part of its plans to be acquired by the General Electric Company's Greenwich Air Services unit.
p2861
aVThe Electro Rent Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the computer and test and measurement equipment rental businesses of GE Capital Technology Management Services for $320 million. GE Capital Technology is a division of GE Capital Services, the financial services unit of the General Electric Company. Electro Rent said the deal should close by Oct. 31. For the year ended May 31, Electro Rent earned $24.1 million, or $1.94 a share, on revenue of $150.5 million. Electro Rent, of Van Nuys, Calif., is involved in the short-term renting and leasing of personal computers, work stations and general-purpose electronic test equipment. Electro Rent's shares closed at $33.25, up $5.25, or 18 percent.
p2862
aVGE Capital, the equipment financing arm of the General Electric Company, agreed yesterday to buy Woodchester Investments P.L.C. of Ireland in the biggest corporate takeover in Irish history. Woodchester said the offer totals 591 million Irish pounds ($862.4 million) in cash for the whole company and recommended that shareholders accept it. Woodchester, one of Ireland's biggest financial services companies, specializes in auto and equipment leasing, installment credit and other businesses in Ireland and Britain. The French bank Credit Lyonnais, which holds a 54 percent stake in Woodchester, has agreed to accept the offer.
p2863
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation is close to selling its Thermo King refrigeration unit for about $2.5 billion, people associated with the negotiations said yesterday. An announcement on the sale is expected as soon as Monday, they said.
p2864
aVIT is a tiny company that has toiled for 14 years on the technological frontier of electric vehicles, but it has yet to turn a profit. That sketch alone may be enough to chase away most investors from this enterprise. But some may want to hear more when they learn that it has recently hooked a partner who surely knows a thing or two about transportation: Lee A. Iacocca.
p2865
aVWrite-offs of more than $1 billion over the last two years. Sagging earnings and stockholder equity. Huge cost overruns at a much heralded iron ore processing plant here in mineral-rich Western Australia and a troubled copper investment in the United States. Three resignations of senior executives. And a chairman who acknowledges he is ''ashamed'' and ''a bit flabbergasted'' by it all. For the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, the sprawling mining empire known for much of its 112 years as the ''Big Australian,'' it has been a time of big disappointment -- and of an equally broad reassessment.
p2866
aVThe Whirlpool Corporation announced today that it would dismiss 4,700 employees -- just more than 10 percent of its work force -- and take a $350 million charge against earnings as part of a plan to improve profits. The reorganization plan will affect mainly its European operations, where Whirlpool has run into strong local competition, made marketing missteps and, more recently, faced adverse exchange rates in Italy, its European manufacturing hub. The company said it also planned to seek strategic alliances or other alternatives that will get it out of money-losing joint ventures that make refrigerators and air- conditioners in China.
p2867
aVGE Capital Services said today that it had agreed to invest $470 million in a venture with the closely held JPI Realty to build and acquire apartments. GE Capital, a General Electric Company unit, and JPI intend to focus on luxury apartments and student housing across the country. JPI, based here, leases and manages more than 22,000 apartments. It has 7,600 additional apartments under development.
p2868
asS'198401'
p2869
(lp2870
VThe company sold the bonds to Morgan Stanley after soliciting bids for the securities from six securities firms.
p2871
aVThe General Electric Company said it plans to introduce a home video system using new eight-millimeter videotape technology.
p2872
aNaVThree of America's biggest names in electronics and photography are joining with Japanese manufacturers in an effort to take over the home movie market. Over the last two days, all three announced that they would offer their versions of a new generation of small, lightweight videotape cameras. For consumers, the appeal is that for an initial investment of $1,000 to $2,000, which is much less than most of the heavier, bulkier videotape cameras now sell for, they can see the fruits of their amateur photography instantly on their television screen. For the American companies - Kodak, RCA and General Electric - the new cameras represent a campaign to combine their own well- known labels with Japan's manufacturing cost advantage to crack what many believe could be a huge United States market for video cameras, an outgrowth of the video cassette recorders that are now in one out of 10 American homes.
p2873
aVEUCLID, OHIO TWO years ago, when the Lincoln Electric Company's sales were sagging because of the recession, 50 factory workers volunteered to help out. After a quick sales training course, they took to the road, their only compensation 18 1/2 cents a mile for expenses, with no money for lodging or meals. Their objective: to help sell the company's Model SP200, a small welder introduced a couple years earlier for use in small machine shops and auto body shops. The tactic worked. People who had been plant workers all their lives walked into body shops all over the country and said: ''Hi. I'm a factory worker from Lincoln Electric. I've got a welder I'd like to sell you.'' The pitch brought in $10 million in new sales and the small arc welder is now one of Lincoln's best-selling items.
p2874
aVThe two companies competing for $10 billion in contracts over the next decade are Pratt & Whitney, a division of the United Technologies Corporation, and the General Electric Company. A decision is expected this week, the sources said last Friday.
p2875
aVP. Takis Veliotis, a former executive of the General Dynamics Corporation, has offered to provide information to Justice Department officials that he contends can prove that the company defrauded the Navy of hundreds of millions of dollars, persons familiar with the matter said today. In return, Mr. Veliotis, who is under indictment for Federal kickback charges, wants partial immunity from prosecution. But Government officials said today that the Justice Department was not inclined to make such a deal at this time. John H. Gross, a lawyer for Mr. Veliotis, who fled to Greece before he was indicted, said, ''I will not comment on pending negotiations between Mr. Veliotis and the Government.''
p2876
aVFor all of nuclear power's well-publicized troubles, a surprising number of industry experts contend that, on paper, nuclear power is still a good bet. In many parts of the United States, they say, nuclear retains a modest economic cost advantage - perhaps 10 percent - over coal, America's most obvious alternative in generating electric power. But that is on paper. In the next breath, the experts acknowledge that even a substantial savings per kilowatt-hour is not nearly enough. So great are the uncertainties, and so huge the sums at stake, that only an irresistible cost advantage could entice the utility companies to continue down the path of nuclear power. ''It's really a very easy choice,'' said John C. Brennan, senior vice president of the American Electric Power Service Corporation, a company that owns many Middle West utilities. ''Nuclear entails too much up- front capital, too much risk, and too much delay in selling our 'product.' ''
p2877
aVMONTREAL THE history of the Quebec French is a history of decades of struggle against the domination of English-speaking Canadians. Culturally, the French fought back by spending more on education than any jurisdiction in the world, according to United Nations statistics. Politically, they have retaliated by electing the Parti Quebecois, which advocates splitting with English Canada. And economically, the proud ''Quebecois'' have relentlessly taken over larger and larger portions of their economy. By far the most impressive example is Hydro-Quebec, the provincially owned electric power company. Quebec's premier, Rene Levesque, the charismatic leader of the Parti Quebecois, recalls shepherding the nationalizations of the scores of utilities - many with English names - that were amalgamated to form Hydro-Quebec in the early 1960's. ''It was sort of satisfying to just make them disappear,'' said Mr. Levesque, who was the province's energy minister at the time. Today, Hydro-Quebec's nearly 20,000 employees conduct their business almost entirely in French and the utility stands as a shining symbol of the economic gains of French Quebecers. So shining, in fact, that Quebec has a different kind of energy crisis - too much electricity. Most of it is coming from the huge James Bay hydroelectric project, which is inundating Hydro-Quebec with far more electricity than it can use at home or sell to neighboring New York and New England.
p2878
aVW ALL STREET rang in 1984 with a rousing rally last week as pension funds, mutual funds and other big institutional investors poured money into the market. The broad advance was attributed to various factors, from short-covering by speculators to hopes that interest rates would decline and thereby provide further fuel for a rising market. On Thursday, trading volume on the New York Stock Exchange soared to a record 160 million shares, easily topping the former high of 149.4 million shares set on Nov. 4, 1982. For the week, the Dow Jones industrial average climbed 28 points, to 1,286.64, putting the blue-chip indicator within a single point of its record closing of 1,287.20 last Nov. 29. Meanwhile, the transportation average advanced 13.20 points, to 611.79, just below its record finish at 612.57 last Nov. 22.
p2879
asS'198402'
p2880
(lp2881
VThe General Electric Company has agreed to set up a $9 million joint venture in South Korea with the Samsung Group to produce and market sophisticated medical instruments such as diagnostic imaging, X-ray and ultra- sound systems, Samsung said today.
p2882
aNaNaVThe Pentagon, ending weeks of speculation, announced today that it would split a contract to build advanced jet engines for the Air Force's F-15 and F-16 fighters between two rivals. The Air Force said it would award 75 percent of the first year's production to the General Electric Company and the remaining 25 percent to the Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Group of the United Technologies Corporation, the current supplier of engines for the two Air Force planes. A split contract award had been widely anticipated in industry and Government circles in recent weeks, but the one-year term of the contract caught many analysts by surprise. Many wondered whether the term reflected strong 11th-hour lobbying by Pratt, which has enlisted powerful support in Congress to try to thwart the award to G.E. The Air Force said the one-year contract would be for 120 G.E. F-110 engines for use in the F-16 and 40 Pratt & Whitney F-100 engines for use in 20 of the twin-engine F-15's. The value of the contracts was not disclosed.
p2883
aVThe Navy is expected to announce shortly that it will turn to General Electric for a jet engine for an advanced version of its F-14 fighter, a plane that until now has been powered by an engine built by the Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Group of the United Technologies Corporation. The Navy decision would be another blow to Pratt & Whitney, a major employer in Connecticut, which only last week saw the Air Force decide to give a major share of its tactical fighter jet engine production to General Electric. A source at the Naval Air Systems Command said today, ''There will be a change in manufacturer.'' But the terms of any new contract - for example, whether it would cover existing planes or new production - were unknown.
p2884
aVOn the eve of the Air Force's recent announcement of the winner of its ''great engine war,'' Brian H. Rowe, the head of General Electric's engine group, was too nervous to sleep. After tossing about for hours in his bed in his hotel room in New York, he got up and watched a series of reruns on early morning TV. It was to be a long day. Following a morning news conference in New York where he announced a new commercial aviation venture with Rolls-Royce, Mr. Rowe, a senior vice president at G.E., flew back by jet to this Cincinnati suburb to await word of the Air Force's $12 billion decision. There were plenty of rumors and they told of a big victory for General Electric. But there was nothing firm until early afternoon. Finally, an Ohio Congressman called with the word that G.E. had captured 75 percent of the orders.
p2885
aVAmid persistent speculation that the Air Force has decided to award up to 70 percent of a multibillion-dollar jet-engine order to the General Electric Company, Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger said today that the contract would be awarded in ''the next few days'' In testimony today to the House Armed Services Committee, Mr. Weinberger stressed that ''no final decision has been made'' on the massive contract. But, he said in response to a question, ''the award will be made in the next few days and, when it is, the benefits of the competition will be obvious,'' The Defense Department often announces such large contracts at 4 P.M. on Fridays in order to avoid influencing the stock market. The contract, worth an estimated $10 billion to $14 billion, has pitted G.E. against the Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Division of the United Technologies Corporation for the rights to build some 2,400 engines for the Air Force's F-15 and F-16 fighters. Because of the high stakes and political considerations involved in the huge contract, it has long been assumed in Congressional and industry circles that the Air Force would divide the award between the two companies in some fashion.
p2886
aV* Appalachian Co., an oil, gas and coal concern based in Houston, said in a S.E.C. filing that it was interested in obtaining control of Energy Ventures Inc., also of Houston. Appalachian said it holds 37 percent of Energy Ventures' shares outstanding.
p2887
aV* American Bankers Insurance Group Inc., Miami, said it had agreed to sell its headquarters building and surrounding properties in Miami to First Atlantic Capital Corp. for $23 million. * Dorchester Gas Co., Dallas, said in an S.E.C. filing that it had sold its 4.7 percent stake in St. Regis Corp., an integrated forest products company.
p2888
aVThe J. C. Penney Company reported yesterday that earnings in its fiscal fourth quarter, ended Jan. 28, rose 28.1 percent while sales increased 10.6 percent. Penney, one of the nation's largest retailers of general merchandise with its stores and catalogue business, said net income in the latest three months rose to $260 million, or $3.47 a share, from $203 million, or $2.77 a share, a year earlier.
p2889
asS'198403'
p2890
(lp2891
VThe General Electric Company has agreed to set up a $9 million joint venture in South Korea with the Samsung Group to produce and market sophisticated medical instruments such as diagnostic imaging, X-ray and ultra- sound systems, Samsung said today.
p2892
aVNorman P. Blake Jr., executive vice president for financing operations at the General Electric Credit Corporation, has joined the Heller International Corporation as chairman and chief executive. Heller International is a newly created United States subsidiary of the Fuji Bank of Tokyo. The bank bought the Heller operation in January for $425 million. Certain parts of the operation, including the American National Bank in Chicago, have been spun off as a separate entity and Fuji retained all the finance-company type of activities in the newly formed Heller International.
p2893
aNaVAnheuser-Busch Cos ., a St. Louis- based brewer, said its board had approved a plan to repurchase up to 4.8 million shares, or about 10 percent of its shares outstanding, periodically over the next four years. * Black & Decker Manufacturing Co., Towson, Md., and General Electric Co. said they had entered into a definitive agreement for Black & Decker's purchase of G.E.'s housewares operations for $300 million. * Dart & Kraft Inc. of Northbrook, Ill., estimated 1984 capital expenditures at $250 million, up from $212 million in 1983. The company, which manufactures food, packaging, chemicals and plastics products, also said in its annual report that long- term debt as of Dec. 31 was $563.3 million, down from $616.3 million a year earlier.
p2894
aVLONDON SIR CLIVE SINCLAIR, the man whose pioneering pocket calculator and inexpensive home computers have made him Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's favorite entrepreneur, wants to start manufacturing an electric car by the end of this year as the first step to introducing a range of electric vehicles with mass appeal. Sir Clive's reputation in the electronics world here is such that no eyebrows were arched when he named his new microcomputer the Quantum Leap, but electric cars are a different proposition. Vehicle and power systems experts believe that, technologically speaking, a quantum leap and then some is just what Sir Clive or anyone else would need to produce an electric car for the masses. Many with more money and experience in the field than Sir Clive have failed.
p2895
aVThe J. C. Penney Company reported yesterday that earnings in its fiscal fourth quarter, ended Jan. 28, rose 28.1 percent while sales increased 10.6 percent. Penney, one of the nation's largest retailers of general merchandise with its stores and catalogue business, said net income in the latest three months rose to $260 million, or $3.47 a share, from $203 million, or $2.77 a share, a year earlier.
p2896
aVHarold Burson, the soft-voiced chairman and chief executive of Burson-Marsteller, cannot resist some discreet crowing. After years of being the second-largest public relations firm after Hill & Knowlton, Burson- Marsteller recently edged into the No. 1 spot on the strength of continuing strong gains in revenues. ''I had always hoped it would happen,'' said Mr. Burson, who got started in public relations as a student at the University of Mississippi. According to the 1984 edition of O'Dwyer's Directory of Public Relations Firms, Burson-Marsteller's 1983 net fee income rose 26 percent from a year earlier, to $63.8 million, surpassing Hill & Knowlton by $3 million. After-tax profit was about $3 million, Mr. Burson said.
p2897
aVTHE American robot industry was to be a star of the 80's, even the savior of smokestack America. The advanced billing attracted an avalanche of companies over the last five years, newcomers that hoped to make money by building machines that could do some of the dangerous, dirty and dreary jobs now done by humans. But the industry has failed to deliver on its promise. Robot sales have been far below expectations and the resulting competition has produced ferocious price cuts and the start of a sharp shakeout. Only one American company, Prab Robotics Inc., based in this community 150 miles from Detroit, made money in robotics in 1983, according to the first extensive industry study, conducted by the United States International Trade Commission. Losses for the industry amounted to 49 percent of sales last year, or about $83 million on sales of $169 million. The industry has been losing money since 1979, according to the I.T.C.
p2898
aVThe Patrick Petroleum Company said it had agreed in principle to sell most of its oil and gas assets for $202 million to the Ladd Petroleum Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company. Patrick said proceeds from the sale would be used to pay bank debts on which the company defaulted in January and would also be distributed to shareholders as part of a liquidation plan still to be adopted. Patrick said the agreement gives Ladd an option to buy 2.4 million of Patrick's 12.9 million shares outstanding.
p2899
aVThe Westinghouse Credit Corporation announced the offering of $100 million of extendable senior notes due 1996 at an offering price of 99.75, with an interest rate of 11.875 percent through March 14, 1987.
p2900
asS'198404'
p2901
(lp2902
VThe General Electric Company, helped by continuing gains in orders from its commercial and industrial markets, reported yesterday that earnings in the first quarter of 1984 rose 14.1 percent on a 7.9 increase in revenues. The company, based in Fairfield, Conn., said that net income in the latest three months rose to $485 million, or $1.07 a share, from $425 million, or 93 cents a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier. Sales for the quarter increased to $6.58 million, from $6.10 billion. John F. Welch Jr., chairman of G.E., said: ''Sales improvements in the first quarter continued to be led by solid increases in consumer-driven markets, particularly engineered plastics, major appliances, video products and housewares and audio products. Increased volume and G.E.'s ongoing productivity improvements contributed to a higher operating margin.''
p2903
aVIN the midst of an uncertain stock market, the General Electric Company has been the recipient of several purchase recommendations lately by brokerage houses and bank trust departments. Earlier this month, Paine Webber Mitchell Hutchins Inc., a firm that is not particularly optimistic about equity prospects in general, upgraded G.E. shares to a ''buy'' from a ''hold.'' Merrill Lynch rates the stock as a ''buy'' for the long term and as ''O.K. to buy'' within the time span of one year. In Chicago, the Harris Trust and Savings Bank said in its investment advisory newsletter for April: ''We are reinstating our buy recommendation on General Electric.''
p2904
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation reported yesterday that earnings in the first quarter rose 16.3 percent, despite lower revenues. The Pittsburgh-based company, the country's second-largest producer of electrical products after the General Electric Company, said net income in the quarter increased to $116.6 million, or $1.32 a share, from $100.3 million, or $1.13 a share, a year earlier. Revenues dipped nine-tenths of 1 percent, to $2.27 billion, from $2.29 billion.
p2905
aNaNaVThe Wabash Valley Power Association said today that it wanted to complete the Marble Hill power plant, either as a nuclear-fueled plant from the original designs or as a coal-fired plant, but would need a hefty rate increase to do so. Construction of the Marble Hill plant, at Madison, Ind., was halted in January by the Public Service Company of Indiana, which owns an 83 percent stake in the plant. Wabash Valley holds the rest.
p2906
aVAn independent auditor for the Public Service Company of New Hampshire, the lead builder of the Seabrook nuclear power plant, said yesterday that unless the company found additional sources of credit in the next three weeks, it might be forced into bankruptcy and find itself ''unable to continue in existence.'' The report came only three days after the 16 utilities that own the Seabrook project voted to cancel the plant's second reactor, if the partners could find a way to help Public Service of New Hampshire recover its $293 million investment. Last Wednesday, the utility said its banks, led by the First National Bank of Boston and the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, had demanded that it find back-up sources of credit for Unit 1, which is 76 percent complete. The utility has repeatedly vowed to finish the project.
p2907
aVCitizens Trust Co. of Providence, R.I., said it had signed a definitive agreement to merge with Jefferson Bankshares Inc. of Charlottesville, Va.. Citizens shareholders will receive shares of Jefferson common stock, valued at $43 each, for each share of Citizens stock owned. * General Electric Co. , Fairfield, Conn., said it had completed the sale of its housewares operations to Black & Decker Manufacturing Co.. Towson, Md. G.E. will receive $109.8 million in cash, three million shares of Black and Decker common stock, a note for approximately $32 million, and will retain some financial assets.
p2908
aV* Anchor Hocking Corp., a glass and plastics company in Lancaster, Ohio, said it would spend nearly $10 million to expand production capacity at plants in Danville and Winnebago, Ill., and in Baltimore. * Arizona Public Service Co . of Phoenix said it had filed with the Arizona Corporation Commission for a two- step increase in natural gas revenues. The request calls for an increase of $21 millon a year in gas rates on June 1 and an additional increase, not to exceed $7 million, on Oct. 1.
p2909
aVThe Consumers Power Company will probably abandon its uncompleted Midland nuclear plants within a few weeks, unless state utility officials in Michigan agree on a plan for completion, John B. Selby, president of the company, said today. ''If we don't get an agreement on how we are going to finish it, then we are not going to finish it,'' Mr. Selby said in a meeting with reporters. ''We are not going to try to finance in the present market with the uncertainty that exists on licensing and the uncertainties that exist in other jurisdictions. There is no way that we at Consumers Power alone, and with opposition of the Attorney General and others, can finance at reasonable cost and we won't try.''
p2910
asS'198405'
p2911
(lp2912
VThe General Electric Company, anticipating a possible record number of orders for commercial jet engines this year, is hiring 1,200 new employees at its plant here. The plant already has 13,500 workers.
p2913
aVMoshe Arens, Israel's Defense Minister, said his country will buy engines made by the General Electric Company for the 75 F-16 fighters Israel is buying from the United States, starting in 1986. He said the G.E. engines had been selected over the Pratt & Whitney engines that now power 75 F-16's already in the Israeli Air Force. No price was put on the engine deal.
p2914
aVAir Florida is close to receiving a crucial $5 million loan from the General Electric Credit Corporation to help it meet urgent debts and keep flying, according to the airline and reports published today. Robin Cohn, a spokesman for Air Florida, said late today that the company expects to complete the loan Tuesday.
p2915
aVThe General Electric Credit Corporation said yesterday that it was holding discussions on the possible acquisition of the Employers Reinsurance Corporation of Kansas City, Kan. The acquisition could have a value of as much as $1 billion, according to experts in the insurance industry.
p2916
aNaVThe General Electric Credit Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the Employers Reinsurance Corporation from Texaco Inc. for $1.08 billion in cash. The acquisition of Employers, a unit of the Getty Oil Company, which Texaco recently acquired, would be one of the biggest deals in the insurance business. ''The acquisition of Employers Reinsurance provides another important broadening of General Electric Credit's participation in the financial services market,'' said Lawrence A. Bossidy, executive vice president, services and materials sector of the parent General Electric Company.
p2917
aVA group of major European airlines did not engage in anticompetitive activities to prevent Laker Airways from obtaining refinancing of its debt in 1982, the Justice Department said yesterday. The department is conducting a grand jury investigation of a number of charges that North Atlantic air carriers conspired to destroy Laker, which went bankrupt in February 1982.
p2918
aVNew York City officials yesterday asked the Consolidated Edison Company to change its financial structure in a way that city officials asserted would reduce electricity bills for all customers by about 2 percent. They said they hoped the company would take the action voluntarily, adding that lower energy costs were necessary to make New York more attractive to businesses. However, city officials warned they would initiate legal action if they did not get an ''affirmative response'' from the company by May 23. A Con Edison spokesman said the company would discuss the issue with the city before making a formal response. But the spokesman, Laurence Kleinman, said the company believed its current structure had ''a lot of merit,'' and any change could cause problems for shareholders and customers. Mr. Kleinman said one reason the utility was not requesting a rate increase this year was because of its strong ratio of equity to debt, which city officials want reduced.
p2919
aVThe New England Electric System has named Joan T. Bok chairman, making her the first woman to hold the chairmanship of a major public utility. Mrs. Bok, 54, who is a lawyer, has been vice chairman since 1979. Another lawyer, Samuel Huntington, 45, has been named president and chief executive officer. Guy W. Nichols is retiring from the three positions.
p2920
aVP. Takis Veliotis, a Greek-American accused of defrauding the United States Navy while a vice president of the General Dynamics Corporation, has been granted immunity from prosecution in connection with statements he made to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, a lawyer said today. Mr. Veliotis still faces fraud charges, according to Peter Makris, an associate of Mr. Veliotis's Greek lawyer, Alexandros Lykourezos.
p2921
asS'198406'
p2922
(lp2923
VAs one of the biggest purveyors of financing for leveraged buyouts and an aggressive proponent of ''creative financing'' for American companies, the General Electric Credit Corporation is growing rapidly in the turbulent financial services industry. The credit subsidiary of the General Electric Company has been expanding on its business beyond consumer financing for more than 20 years. Beginning in 1965, long before leveraged buyouts became a fad on Wall Street, the company began financing such transactions, and has been active in more than five such transactions each year. The company has, nonetheless, remained outside the increasing controversy that has surrounded L.B.O's in recent months by adhering to a long- standing policy of financing the buyouts of relatively small companies in transactions negotiated in relatively friendly terms. For example, two groups that have received G.E. credit financing for these transactions in the last 12 months included the senior management of Microdot Inc., a subsidiary of Northwest Industries, which was taken private for $125 million, and Farley Industries, which bought out the shares of the N.L. Metal Products Group for $118 million, Some Warnings Sounded Leveraged buyouts are transactions in which public companies are taken private by management or others who borrow to purchase the shares. As a lender, G.E. Credit has typically assumed that future earnings of the companies would be used to pay off the buyout debt.
p2924
aVBritain's General Electric Company has emerged as the favorite in a possible bidding war for British Aerospace P.L.C. following the announcement Friday that General Electric's Lord Weinstock had discussed the acquisition with Sir Austin Pearce, Aerospace's chairman. Aerospace agreed last month to enter merger discussions with Thorn- EMI P.L.C., the entertainment and electronics company.
p2925
aVThe General Electric Credit Corporation said its option to purchase up to 55 percent of the common stock of Air Florida System Inc. had been extended to Dec. 31, from Aug. 31.
p2926
aVDefense Department investigators here are trying to determine whether faulty electronic parts from a major West Coast counterfeiting operation have gotten into the military supply chain. The counterfeiting, which reportedly took place at a small Los Angeles electronics parts distributor, was uncovered by the General Electric Company, according to documents G.E. filed in United States District Court in Los Angeles. G.E. charged last month that the tiny S.J. Corporation, which does business as Aero Electronics, had produced faulty look-alike components - some used in commercial aviation - that bore the trademarks of G.E. and other manufacturers.
p2927
aVThe Consumers Power Company will end work on its Midland nuclear plant unless it reaches an agreement with opponents of the project within about two weeks, officials of the company said today. Representatives of Consumers Power, the state Attorney General, the public Service Commission staff, the Michigan Citizens Lobby and large industrial electricity customers met at the utility's headquarters, but said they were no closer to reaching an agreement on the $4.1 billion project.
p2928
aVConsumers Power In New Plant Offer LANSING, Mich., June 20 (AP) - The Consumers Power Company said today that it would cut salaries and ask for smaller rate increases as part of a revised offer to complete its troubled Midland nuclear plant. Under its latest proposal, the company still plans to abandon one of the project's two reactors and recover from customers about $3.5 billion of the $4.12 billion the plants cost.
p2929
aVMismanagement in construction of the stalled Zimmer nuclear power plant is responsible for costs ranging from $1.3 billion to the full $1.72 billion spent on the project so far, according to a management audit ordered by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. The report is evidently the second attempt by state authorities to determine how much of the huge cost overruns at nuclear plants should be borne by electricity customers and how much should be borne by utility stockholders. Earlier this year the staff of the New York Public Utility Commission said that as much as $1.9 billion of the estimated $4.1 billion nuclear plant at Shoreham, L.I., had been ''imprudently'' spent and was not recoverable from rate payers. Lilco Issue Is Still Pending The Long Island Lighting Company, builder of the Shoreham plant, has denied any imprudence and has said the entire cost of the plant should be carried by utility customers. The issue is still before the commission.
p2930
aVAmerace Corp., a hose and hydraulic products company, said a group led by the New York City investor Ivan Boesky had sold its 5.7 percent holding in the company, which the group said had been bought for investment purposes. * Computer Associates International Inc., a word processing program publisher in Jericho, L.I., said it had acquired all the assets of Sorcim Corp., a private microcomputer software company in San Jose, Calif. * Computervision Corp., a maker of computer-aided engineering systems based in Bedford, Mass., and Metheus Corp. announced the formation of a joint venture based in Hillsboro, Ore., to make electrical computer-aided engineering workstation products.
p2931
aVIn Michigan, a major utility is warning its opponents that, if they do not drop their opposition to its nuclear plants, it will declare bankruptcy. In New York, Governor Cuomo is threatening to let the Long Island Lighting Company go bankrupt if it refuses to cancel its reactor. Around the country, at least four large utilities with giant nuclear projects that have soured may soon face bankruptcy, an event unknown for utilities for 40 years. Bankruptcy would cause traumatic disruptions for company executives, regulators, creditors, stockholders and bankers, and it would probably mean higher rates for customers, the experts say, but they see little reduction in the reliability of service. But according to experts in bankruptcy law and in utility regulation, operation of a utility might be considerably easier after a bankruptcy filing than before, especially regarding such critical needs as the ability to borrow money.
p2932
aVThe General Electric Credit Corporation said yesterday that it had signed a $155 million financing agreement with the management of the Baldwin Piano and Organ Company. The largest portion of the package - $90 million - represents the General Electric unit's purchase of Baldwin's outstanding retail receivables and a credit line for manufacturer- sponsored retail financing.
p2933
asS'198407'
p2934
(lp2935
VThe General Electric Company has announced the promotion of Lawrence A. Bossidy to vice chairman. Mr. Bossidy, 49 years old, will succeed John F. Burlingame, 62, who has said he plans to retire effective Jan. 1. Mr. Burlingame, who has been with the company for 35 years, was elected vice chairman in 1979.
p2936
aVAided by increases in its industrial, broadcasting and commercial divisions, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation yesterday reported a 32.9 percent rise in second-quarter profits. Westinghouse said its net income totaled $128.1 million, or 72 cents a share, for the quarter ended June 30, compared with $96.4 million, or 54 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenues rose 7.1 percent in the quarter, to $2.56 billion, from $2.39 billion a year earlier.
p2937
aNaNaVThe three utilities that own the canceled Zimmer nuclear plant in Moscow, Ohio, yesterday jointly sued the General Electric Company and Sargent & Lundy Engineers, asserting that key nuclear safety equipment was defective and caused millions of dollars in extra costs. About $400 million in direct and punitive damages is being sought by the Cincinnati Gas and Electric Company, the Dayton Power and Light Company and the Columbus and Southern Ohio Electric Company. Neither G. E. nor Sargent & Lundy could be reached for comment yesterday.
p2938
aVTexaco Inc. said it had completed the sale, for $1.075 billion in cash, of the Getty Oil Company's Employers Reinsurance Corporation to the General Electric Company. Texaco acquired Employers Reinsurance in its Feb. 17 purchase of Getty Oil for $10.1 billion. General Electric said separately that it had formed a new subsidiary, General Electric Financial Services Inc., as a holding company to facilitate G. E.'s expansion into financial services businesses.
p2939
aVCalling its former partner incompetent and deceitful, the Wabash Valley Power Association is vowing to block the effort by the Public Service Company of Indiana to write off the Marble Hill nuclear plant. Wabash Valley, which serves 24 rural electric membership cooperatives in northern Indiana, announced on Monday that it was intervening in Public Service's latest rate case to keep the Marble Hill project, in which it has a 17 percent interest, alive.
p2940
aVThe Consumers Power Company today proposed completing both reactors at its beleaguered Midland nuclear plant and raising its electric rates, but an opponent of the project called the plan unacceptable. ''I don't think there was any progress made,'' said Hugh Anderson, Assistant Attorney General, after a closed caucus with other plant opponents. The rate-increase proposals, presented by Consumers to Roger Fischer, chief of the Michigan Public Service Commission staff and an opponent of the plant, would allow the nation's 10th-largest utility to recover $2.9 billion of the cost of one Midland reactor, down from the $3.5 billion the company had earlier insisted was the lowest it could accept.
p2941
aVIS there hope for nuclear engineering as a career despite the continuing financial difficulties at so many nuclear power plants? Yes, according to Dr. Paul E. Gray, president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Dr. Paul S. Lykoudis, head of the nuclear engineering school at Purdue University. ''The profession is not dying,'' Dr. Lykoudis said yesterday. ''Nuclear engineers will be needed,'' Dr. Gray said. ''I have to temper that statement because I don't know how long the public sense of disenchantment about nuclear plants will last. There is a large element of irrationality about the public's attitude.''
p2942
aVBASS FAMILY . . . Texas clan, worth over $1 billion, headed by Perry Richardson Bass, 69 years old. . . . Younger generation of four sons led by Sid Richardson Bass, 42. . . . Family company, Bass Brothers Enterprises, is the parent of most of their oil and gas, real estate, and hotel holdings. . . . After what was perceived as a takeover bid for Texaco Inc., the family and a group of affiliates sold back their 9.7 percent stake to the company for some $1.28 billion, a 12 percent profit. . . . In 1981, the family began acquiring large amounts of Blue Bell Inc. stock, in what was seen as a move for control of the jeans maker. . . . In November, they sold back 1.9 million shares, and then this spring they sold back an additional 1.1 million shares, all for about $50 a share, or a total of $144.3 million. . . . Recently have amassed an 11.3 percent interest in Alexander's Inc., the New York-based operator of department stores, and a small interest in a St. Regis Corporation unit. . . . Trace their money back to the legendary fortune of a rich uncle, Sid Richardson, a colorful oilman. BELZBERG BROTHERS . . . Three multimillionaire Canadian businessmen: Hyman, 58; Samuel, 55, and William, 53. . . . Operate a network of real estate, trust and leasing companies, and financial services subsidiaries under the umbrella of the First City Financial Corporation, of Vancouver, British Columbia. . . . In early June, an investment group they head said it might buy up to 49 percent of Blue Bell Inc. - it already controls 9.2 percent. . . . In March, allied with the Mesa Petroleum Company's T. Boone Pickens in his bid for the Gulf Corporation, they attempted to buy the remaining shares of the Far West Financial Company, a California savings and loan holding company that had an investment in Gulf. . . . The bid was scuttled because their $33- a-share offer was considered too low, the value of Far West stock having skyrocketed as Gulf's shares increased when the Mesa group sought control. . . . The family began its rise by selling used furniture.
p2943
asS'198408'
p2944
(lp2945
VThe General Electric Company received a patent this week for a robotic machine that is adapted to a wide variety of assembly jobs. Patent 4,466,770 was obtained for the company by Donald C. Peroutky, who recently retired as an engineer at the Research and Development Center in Schenectady, N.Y. Several machines were made for demonstration but manufacture is not planned. Research is now under way by General Electric and other companies for robotic machines that have senses of sight and touch.
p2946
aVThe Ogden Corporation said it had entered into arrangements with the Marion County, Ore., board of commissioners to design, construct and finance a $47.5 million solid-waste disposal and resource recovery facility.
p2947
aVReports are circulating that the General Electric Company of Britain may invest in the Mitel Corporation of Ottawa. An analyst for a leading Toronto brokerage house, who asked not to be identified, said that, according to the reports, G.E.C. might buy some of Mitel's unissued stock to bring in new capital.
p2948
aVA Federal grand jury in Connecticut is investigating new information about the General Dynamics Corporation, according to Government officials familiar with the case. The new information, they said, is based on interviews conducted in Greece by Justice Department prosecutors with P. Takis Veliotis, a former executive of the company. Mr. Veliotis is a fugitive, having fled to Greece after being named in a Federal kickback indictment in the United States. Justice Department officials said the prosecutors who questioned Mr. Veliotis in May gained new information relating to charges that General Dynamics submitted millions of dollars worth of fraudulent claims to the Navy. The company's Electric Boat division is based in Groton, Conn.
p2949
aNaVThe Raytheon Company received contracts from the Army and Air Force totaling $369.6 million for production of Patriot missiles and for spare parts for jamming systems. In addition, the Martin Marietta Corporation got $48.9 million in Air Force and Army contracts and the General Electric Company received a contract from the Air Force for $40.1 million.
p2950
aV* Anderson Greenwood & Co. , a Houston-based company that manufactures precision valves for the process industry, said it had acquired Prince Valve Inc., a privately held company based in Norman, Okla. Terms were not disclosed. * Bellsouth Corp. said two of its units, South Central Bell and Southern Bell Telephone Co., had entered into an agreement with MCI Communications Corp. under which the telephone companies would provide billing and customer services for some MCI customers, effective Aug. 27.
p2951
aVAeronca Inc., a manufacturer of aircraft parts based in Charlotte, N.C., said it had acquired just over 50 percent of Marathon Boat Manufacturing Co. of Kershaw, S.C. * Bancohio Corp . of Columbus, Ohio, said a special meeting of its shareholders had been scheduled for Sept. 28 to vote on the proposed acquisition of of Bancohio by National City Corp. * Bellsouth Mobility Inc., a unit of Bellsouth Corp., said it began operating commercial cellular mobile telephone service in New Orleans. * Blue Bell Inc., an apparel concern based in Greensboro, S.C., said its board had approved a revised leveraged buyout proposal and entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by a new company organized by Kelso & Co. for $47.65 a share. * Diversified Industries, a producer of nonferrous metals based in Richmond Heights, Mo., said its board had authorized management to purchase up to two million shares of the company's 5,967,951 common shares outstanding for its treasury.
p2952
aVThe Michigan Public Service Commission today unanimously approved rate increases of about 10 percent for electric and gas customers of the Consumers Power Company. The increase for electric rates amounted to $137 million and for natural gas, $114.8 million.
p2953
aVThe Consumers Power Company cut its common stock dividend today and then asked the state to grant it an electric rate increase that would enable it to recover its $3.5 billion investment in the canceled Midland nuclear power plant. The utility, based in Jackson, Mich., filed a request with the state Public Service Commission to permit it to recover the money over 15 years. It requested increases of $471.8 million each year.
p2954
asS'198409'
p2955
(lp2956
VThe General Electric Company and Ungermann-Bass Inc. said yesterday that they would form a joint venture to produce a network system to link factory-automation equipment. Industry experts called the planned joint venture a logical combination that would capitalize on each company's strengths.
p2957
aVThe Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia, comprising 47 municipally owned utilities, is selling $250 million of debt securities through underwriters led by the First Boston Corporation. For $175 million of revenue bonds rated A-1 by Moody's Investors Service anbd AA- by the Standard & Poor's Corporation, yields were tentatively set from 7.25 percent for bonds due in 1986 to 10.10 percent for bonds due in 1999, with a 10 3/8 percent yield for term bonds due in 2004 and 10 5/8 percent for term bonds due in 2020.
p2958
aVAllied Products Corp., a maker of industrial equipment and products based in Chicago, said it had agreed to sell its Wolverine bolt division to Michigan Rivet Corp. of Warren, Mich. Terms were not disclosed.
p2959
aVThe Consumers Power Company has told the State of Michigan it would be willing to discuss a rate increase $267 million a year less than it originally sought to cover costs of the defunct Midland nuclear power project, a state official said today. In a letter to Attorney General Frank Kelley, the utility proposed a rate increase of $205 million a year, Hugh Anderson, Assistant Attorney General, said in an interview from Lansing.
p2960
aV-1970's, allegations of fraud on nuclear submarine contracts at the General Dynamics Corporation's Electric Boat division have acted like a sore that refuses to heal. Despite several lengthy Federal investigations that ended without prosecution, new queries by Congress and the Justice Department now threaten to tear the wound open again. Dozens of internal General Dynamics documents recently released by Senator William Proxmire have added fuel to charges made by P. Takis Veliotis, the shipyard's former chief executive who was indicted last year on kickback charges and is now a fugitive in Greece. He has told Government investigators that poor performance at Electric Boat contributed to huge claims against the Navy, that General Dynamics ''bought in'' to the submarine program by submitting unrealistically low bids, and that it threatened to close the shipyard to scare the Navy into settling the claims. His accusations are still being investigated. What is clear, however, is that there will be increasingly intense scrutiny of the country's largest military contractor - and particularly its ties to the Navy. In addition to Mr. Proxmire's initiative, the House Energy and Commerce Committee's oversight panel has sent auditors to General Dynamics' offices in Groton, Conn., where Electric Boat is based, as well as to St. Louis, and Washington to examine company records for questionable gift-giving and entertainment expenses.
p2961
aVJim Johnston Advertising has gotten a business-to-business advertising assignment from the General Electric Company in Fairfield, Conn., Bart Snider, a program manager in corporate marketing, confirmed yesterday. He said that the assignment, formerly at Chiat/Day, had already resulted in ads in The Wall Street Journal, and other ads are expected in business publications and daily newspapers.
p2962
aVAn automatic apparatus for sorting nuclear fuel pellets and placing them on trays was patented this week for the General Electric Company, San Jose, Calif.
p2963
aV* Allegheny Beverage Corp., Baltimore, announced that Jeffrey R. Lapides had been named a senior vice president. * Applied Circuit Technology Inc., Anaheim, Calif., has named Walt Menetrey president and chief operating officer.
p2964
aVTHE Mitsubishi Electric corporate print advertising campaign that begins today will be another offering from Chiat/Day, the creator of last year's most honored ad, worldwide. And like the TV commercial ''1984'' for Apple Computer's Macintosh model, the Mitsubishi work has the impact to break through the clutter around it. Although similar in format, with much illustration and little copy, the print campaign has startling graphics, with each so different that they almost seem to come from different campaigns, even though all have the Mitsubishi Electric logotype. The first ad, keyed to the spirit of the season, is dominated by a huge picture of a baseball infielder in intense action. The copy talks about the company's Diamond Vision, those large picture boards that can follow the play in stadiums and arenas.
p2965
aVAt Racquetball World in Fountain Valley, Calif., the lights are powered by the same type of energy source that has run computers and other equipment on the space shuttle Discovery as it orbited the earth this week. The system can also be found at a Howard Johnson's restaurant near Baltimore, at Rawlinson's Laundry in Portland, Ore., and at the Vista Grande Villa Retirement Community in Jackson, Mich. The device is a fuel cell, which produces electricity chemically, somewhat as a car battery does, without burning anything. Touted during the mid-1970's as a solution to the energy crisis, it has so far failed to meet expectations.
p2966
asS'196503'
p2967
(lp2968
sS'196502'
p2969
(lp2970
sS'196501'
p2971
(lp2972
sS'196507'
p2973
(lp2974
sS'196506'
p2975
(lp2976
sS'196505'
p2977
(lp2978
sS'196504'
p2979
(lp2980
sS'198812'
p2981
(lp2982
VLEAD: A unit of the General Electric Company disclosed that it had exercised a warrant to acquire a 15.2 percent stake in Tiffany & Company. In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, the General Electric Capital Corporation said it bought 1.12 million Tiffany shares on Dec. 19 for a total purchase price of $1.4 million.
p2983
aVLEAD: The FGIC Corporation, an insurer of municipal bonds, said yesterday that the General Electric Capital Corporation had agreed to buy an additional 28 percent of the company for $22.50 a share and had proposed to pay its remaining shareholders the same price to take over the rest of the company.
p2984
aVLEAD: The British electronics company Plessey P.L.C. won a temporary court injunction restraining the General Electric Company of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany from pursuing a joint takeover bid. G.E.C. joined with Siemens last month to bid a $:1.7 billion, or about $3 billion, for its main British rival.
p2985
aVLEAD: The Hoechst Celanese Corporation, a subsidiary of Hoechst A.G. of West Germany, filed patent infringement suits against the General Electric Company for manufacturing and selling certain polyester molding compounds. The lawsuits were filed in United States District Court in Delaware and in the Federal Court of
p2986
aVLEAD: The European Community will examine the joint bid for the Plessey Company, a British electronics concern, by two rivals, the General Electric Company P.L.C. and Siemens A.G. of Germany, after a formal complaint by Plessey, a community spokesman said. The spokesman said that Plessey's complaint focused on a breach of European Community antitrust rules by Siemens and G.E.C.
p2987
aVLEAD: Rate payers may have to absorb up to $4.5 billion of the $5.5 billion cost of building the Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant under a plan that was approved today by the California Public Utilties Commission and immediately attacked by consumer groups.
p2988
aVLEAD: The Westinghouse Electric Corporation said today that it had agreed to sell its Unimation robot and automation business to Staubli International A.G. of Zurich.
p2989
aVLEAD: In an imposing pink baroque building in the center of Munich, Europe's biggest electronics company has been hatching global plans that include making deeper inroads into the all-important American market.
p2990
aVLEAD: * Bausch & Lomb Inc., Rochester, said it had expanded the marketing of its disposable contact lenses into the Boston area.
p2991
aVLEAD: Rockefeller Center Properties Inc. said the Rockefeller Group and NBC, a unit of the General Electric Company's RCA Corporation subsidiary, had signed a lease under which NBC would remain at Rockefeller Center in New York. Rockefeller Center Properties is a real estate investment trust formed in 1985 to allow public investment in Rockefeller Center.
p2992
asS'196509'
p2993
(lp2994
sS'198810'
p2995
(lp2996
VLEAD: The General Electric Company plans to invest $1.7 billion over 10 to 15 years in a new silicon and plastics plant to be built at Cartagena, in southeastern Spain. Ignacio Trillo, the chairman of G.E.'s Spanish subsidiary, said the Spanish Government would subsidize 30 percent of the value of the investment and would provide a free 1,680-acre site for the new factory.
p2997
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company landed a $150 million order from All Nippon Airways of Japan to provide G.E. engines for six Boeing 747-400 jet planes. Officials at G.E.'s jet engine plant in this Cincinnati suburb said the order was for the company's CF6-80C2 engine. They said it is the best-selling engine worldwide for the 747-700 wide-body jets.
p2998
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said today that its net earnings rose in the third quarter by 23 percent, to $815 million, or 90 cents a share, from $661 million, or 73 cents a share, in the corresponding period last year.
p2999
aVLEAD: Prime Computer Inc. said it would acquire the General Electric Company's Calma business, which makes computer-aided design and manufacturing systems, for an undisclosed price. The move will increase Prime's share of the computer-aided design market while getting G.E. out of a money-losing business, which it entered with fanfare in 1981.
p3000
aVLEAD: Since the early 1980's, magnetic resonance imaging, or M.R.I., has become a widely used method for producing vivid images of a brain or spinal cord.
p3001
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co (NYSE) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Revenue 9,681,000,000 9,733,000,000 Net inc 815,000,000 661,000,000 Share earns .90 .73 9mo rev 27,583,000,000 28,228,000,000 Net inc 2,375,000,000 b2,517,000,000 Share earns 2.63 2.76
p3002
aVLEAD: The Intel Corporation, as expected, said Friday that it had purchased from the General Electric Company a technology that could allow computers to display full-motion video images.
p3003
aVLEAD: The Intel Corporation has purchased a promising new interactive video technology from the General Electric Company and plans to make chips incorporating the technology, industry sources said today.
p3004
aVLEAD: Investment partnerships controlled by two of Manhattan's leading investment boutiques have reached agreement to acquire the Wickes Companies of Santa Monica, Calif., for $539 million in cash and stock, the diversified manufacturing and retailing company said today. The assumption of Wickes's debt will raise the purchase price to $2.7 billion, it added.
p3005
aVLEAD: The United Technologies Corporation today reported a 15 percent increase in its third-quarter profit, including a gain from the sale of assets.
p3006
asS'200310'
p3007
(lp3008
VGeneral Electric said it would cut 1,000 jobs at turbine factories in South Carolina and New York as deliveries of turbines for power plants decline. About 600 jobs will be cut in Greenville, S.C., and 400 more in Schenectady, N.Y., company executives said. GE Power Systems, the company's biggest industrial unit, has about 34,000 employees worldwide. The number of large turbines shipped from Greenville is forecast to drop to 120 this year from 241 last year, a spokesman, Mark Reilly, said.
p3009
aVGeneral Electric, still hobbled by high costs and sluggish sales in formerly stellar industrial businesses like power systems, said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings were 11 percent lower than those of last year, and that full-year earnings would be $1.55 to $1.57 a share, the lowest range of analysts' estimates. The announcement, however, came at the end of a week of big acquisitions that have laid out a blueprint for a G.E. that will be less dependent on old-line businesses, and far more tied to fast-growing ones like health care and communications.
p3010
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC, Fairfield, Conn., said it would sell about 5 percent of its reinsurance unit's life policies to Scottish Re Group, Hamilton, Bermuda, a global life reinsurance specialist, for $151 million. EQUITY INNS, Germantown, Tenn., an owner of hotels in 34 states, said it would buy four hotels in Florida from McKibbon Hotel Management, Gainesville, Ga., for $34.2 million.
p3011
aVGeneral Electric announced yesterday that it would buy Amersham, a British medical company, for $9.5 billion in stock, expanding its presence in the health care industry, including the growing medical imaging business. GE Medical Systems, a division of G.E., is one of the largest suppliers of medical imaging devices that use technologies like magnetic resonance imaging and positron emission tomography, or PET. Amersham is a major supplier of the pharmaceutical agents injected into the body to improve pictures obtained during scans by the machines.
p3012
aVThe Universal Music Group, the largest music company in the world and home to acts like U2, Eminem and Mariah Carey, is expected to announce a restructuring Thursday that will eliminate 11 percent of its work force. In the next several months, 800 jobs will be cut across all of Universal Music's divisions, according to company executives. Combined with the 550 jobs trimmed earlier this year, Universal Music's work force will shrink to 10,850 people. Executives said the cuts would eventually save the company $200 million a year.
p3013
aVKing County, Wash., which includes Seattle, plans to buy 235 diesel hybrid buses for its transit system, one of the largest orders for city buses with hybrid technology. The King County Metropolitan Transit Authority plans to spend about $47 million more for the hybrids than it would have for conventional diesel buses. County managers say they think they will save $27 million over 12 years by using less fuel and oil and reducing maintenance costs, though savings from new technologies can be hard to predict.
p3014
aVGeneral Electric, owner of television's most profitable network, NBC, completed its agreement yesterday to acquire the entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal in a deal that executives said would create a new entertainment conglomerate better able to compete with media giants like Viacom, Time Warner, the Walt Disney Company and the News Corporation. The new entity, to be called NBC Universal, will be 80 percent owned by G.E., with Vivendi retaining the rest. Under the deal, which still awaits government approval, investors in the debt-laden Vivendi, which had conducted a widely publicized auction to divest itself of its movie, cable and television production holdings, will receive $3.8 billion in cash through the issuance of about 125 million shares in G.E. stock. G.E. would also assume $1.7 billion in debt. (Shares of G.E. closed down 52 cents, to $30.21; the American depository receipts of Vivendi were down 4 cents, to $19.17.)
p3015
aVNow, what to do about Barry Diller? With the completion of a deal by the NBC unit of General Electric to acquire the entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal, negotiations are likely to heat up between Vivendi and Mr. Diller, who controls a minority stake in Vivendi entertainment.
p3016
aVFIDELITY INVESTMENTS, Boston, the largest mutual fund company in the United States, said it had acquired the HR Access unit from I.B.M. Corp., Armonk, N.Y., to get software that runs human resources departments. About 200 I.B.M. workers will transfer to Fidelity. Terms were not disclosed. AGILE SOFTWARE CORP., San Jose, Calif., a maker of software used to develop and sell products, said it had bought rival Tradec Inc., San Jose, Calif., to improve the analytical capabilities of its software. Terms were not disclosed.
p3017
aVThe Bechtel Corporation, which hired a former commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service to lobby on its behalf, has won support from House Republicans for what could be a generous new tax break. The tax break, which will be taken up on Tuesday by the House Ways and Means Committee, was originally intended to help shore up factory jobs in the United States by reducing the corporate tax rate for domestic manufacturers to 32 percent from 35 percent.
p3018
asS'200311'
p3019
(lp3020
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would buy HPSC, a lender based in Boston, for $72.4 million, adding $1 billion in assets as it expands into financing equipment for doctors and dentists. General Electric, which is based in Fairfield, Conn., will pay $14.50 a share in stock, a 60 percent premium to HPSC's closing share price yesterday, the companies said. The transaction is expected to close late this year or early next. GE Healthcare Financial Services, which is based in Chicago and has $10 billion in assets, will add 130 HPSC employees in 13 states to its 700 employees. The unit is part of GE Commercial Finance, which has $200 billion in assets, and is one of the areas that General Electric's chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, has said he will expand as he moves into faster-growing industries.
p3021
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it expected to return to profit growth of more than 10 percent in 2005 after no or modest growth next year, as it splits off insurance assets to focus on faster-growing health care technology and entertainment media. G.E. said on Tuesday that it intended to split off most of its mortgage and life insurance operations through an initial offering. G.E. last posted a profit increase of more than 10 percent in 2001. Its chairman, Jeffrey R. Immelt, said reduced shipments of gas turbines and lower pension income would continue to drag on earnings next year. In 2005, he said, he expects profit to rise by up to 15 percent as G.E. moves into faster-growth businesses and sheds underperforming assets. G.E. also said it planned to increase its quarterly dividend by 5 percent, to 20 cents a share.
p3022
aVEuropean antitrust regulators restarted their review of the 400 million euro ($471 million) bid by General Electric for the ultrasonic testing unit of Agfa-Gevaert, after the company supplied missing information, the European Commission said. The commission, which will rule on the takeover by Dec. 4, suspended the review on July 9 to take account of the unusual circumstances brought on by the decision of seven European countries to hand the case to the Brussels regulators. The commission could clear the deal or open a four-month inquiry. The deal involves businesses that are too small to warrant an automatic review by the commission, which took the case in May at the request of Germany, Austria, Greece, Ireland, Spain, Portugal and Italy. General Electric agreed in January to buy the Agfa unit, which had sales of 220 million euros last year.
p3023
aVThe Enron Corporation agreed to sell Portland General Electric, an Oregon utility, yesterday for $1.25 billion. Enron is selling Portland General to Oregon Electric Utility, a consortium backed by the private equity firm Texas Pacific Group and a clutch of other investment firms. The consortium would also assume $1.1 billion in debt. The deal needs approval of the United States Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan and is open to higher bidders. Portland General is a public electric utility that serves nearly half of Oregon's population, and the sale should help put to rest years of uncertainty that has hampered investment and stirred political ire.
p3024
aVThe French real estate unit of the General Electric Company has bid 1.5 billion euros ($1.7 billion) to buy the rival Sophia, challenging a bid from Socit Foncire Lyonnaise. The G.E. unit is offering 41 euros a share, 5.3 percent more than Friday's closing price, the company said. Foncire Lyonnaise bid 38.50 euros a share in cash or five new shares for every four Sophia shares. Buying Sophia would help the G.E. unit expand its 3 billion euros of holdings in France and might help the company save money on taxes.
p3025
aVThe Houston Pipe Line Company and the A.E.P. Energy Services Gas Holding Company, affiliates of American Electric Power, said they filed a lawsuit yesterday against the Enron Corporation and the Bank of America Corporation regarding natural gas storage assets. A.E.P. said the suit was filed in the Enron bankruptcy proceeding pending in United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. ''Our filing supports our position that we have the right to continue to operate these assets for the full period for which we contracted and paid,'' Michael Miller, A.E.P.'s deputy general counsel, said in a statement. ''To try to avoid any uncertainty about our rights we are asking the bankruptcy court to confirm those rights.'' Representatives for Enron and Bank of America were not immediately available to comment.
p3026
aVGeneral Electric, struggling to climb back to double-digit earnings growth, announced a plan yesterday to spin off most of its life insurance and mortgage insurance business next year. G.E. said it would sell about 30 percent of the independent company, to be called Genworth Financial Inc., to the public in the first half of 2004 and offer additional portions later if the market is welcoming. The book value of the entire unit was about $10 billion on Sept. 30, the company said.
p3027
aVWESTPORT RESOURCES, Denver, a producer of oil and natural gas, said it would buy gas reserves in southern Texas from the closely held United Resources for $350 million. ALCOA, Pittsburgh, the aluminum maker, and a partner, Alumina, Southbank, Australia, agreed to sell their specialty chemicals business to Rhone Capital, a leveraged buyout fund. Terms were not disclosed.
p3028
aVThe insurance company Aegon reported an 8.2 percent increase in third-quarter income. Aegon earned 464 million euros ($531 million) compared with 429 million euros in the third quarter a year earlier. The results surpassed analysts' expectations. Third-quarter revenue fell 6.1 percent, to 6.75 billion euros, from 7.19 billion euros. Aegon attributed part of its profit increase to lower provisions for potential bond defaults and a rise in capital gains. Earlier this year, Aegon agreed to sell most of its Transamerica Finance commercial lending business to General Electric for $1 billion. Gregory Crouch (NYT)
p3029
aVTo the list of auto industry executives who have gone on to smaller things, add Richard O. Schaum's name. Mr. Schaum, who retired in April as executive vice president for product development at Chrysler, has become vice president for vehicle development at WaveCrest Laboratories, a technology start-up that focuses on electric vehicles. ''I'm becoming a tree hugger,'' Mr. Schaum joked in an interview last week. He is in good company: Robert C. Stempel, the former chief executive of General Motors, is now developing hydrogen fuel cells, while Mr. Schaum's onetime boss at Chrysler, Lee A. Iacocca, is the head of EV Global Motors, a maker of electric bikes.
p3030
asS'196610'
p3031
(lp3032
sS'200912'
p3033
(lp3034
VUnder Jeff Zucker's guidance in the last few years, NBC Universal's USA Network has become a powerhouse on cable, Bravo and Syfy have become branded destinations with their own distinctive programming and MSNBC has emerged as the liberal counterpoint to Fox News. So why does everybody in television just want to talk about Jay Leno?
p3035
aVGeneral Electric's chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, said Tuesday that the company was undergoing a renewal after what had been one of the most difficult years in its 117-year history. Mr. Immelt said in his annual outlook session for analysts in New York that G.E. was focusing on sectors like energy and health care as it looked to its big industrial divisions to navigate out of the deep recession. It also plans to rely much less on its lending arm, GE Capital, for profits next year.
p3036
aVToyota Motor said Monday that it planned a widespread release of a plug-in hybrid car in 2012 as it scrambled to gain the upper hand in an increasingly crowded battle over next-generation green technology. Toyota, the world's largest automaker, dominates the current generation of gas-electric hybrid vehicles, but it has refrained from rushing lower-emission cars like the plug-in hybrid to market. Instead, Toyota has focused on plans to introduce regular hybrid technology to all its models by 2020.
p3037
aVThe northern trade winds of the Canary Islands have long tempted daredevil windsurfers, but now they are attracting giant wind turbines and the millions of euros behind them. With their blades whirling, the 55 turbines that stand beyond the gray pebble beach of Pozo Izquierdo are stark, white symbols of a growing industry and the potential for abundant clean energy -- and for corruption. In the town of Santa Luca de Tirajana, host to the annual Grand Slam windsurfing championships, a yearlong investigation by the Guardia Civil -- the Spanish gendarmerie -- turned up irregularities in a plan to build a wind park. Now the mayor, five town officials and two wind park developers are fighting criminal charges that include influence peddling, misuse of public office, misappropriation of land and bribery. The apparent motivation was as much as 40 million euros, or $58.4 million, in European Union subsidies.
p3038
aVSINGAPORE -- The global downturn put some U.S. theme parks into bankruptcy and upended grand plans for new ones in the Middle East. But in Asia, a development boomlet is under way, as operators race to roll out parks and add attractions to draw in the region's growing middle class. A Universal Studios is set to open early next year in Singapore at Resorts World at Sentosa, a sprawling development that includes a casino. Over the border in Malaysia, ground has just been broken on the first Legoland in Asia, due to open in 2012.
p3039
aVThe global downturn put some United States theme parks into bankruptcy and upended grand plans for new ones in the Middle East. But in Asia, a development boomlet is under way as operators race to open parks and add attractions to draw in the region's growing middle class. A Universal Studios park is set to open early next year in Singapore at Resorts World at Sentosa, a sprawling development that includes a casino. Over the border in Malaysia, ground has just been broken on the first Legoland in Asia, scheduled to open in 2012.
p3040
asS'198710'
p3041
(lp3042
VLEAD: The General Electric Company, buoyed by strong gains in its financial services, aircraft engine and medical systems divisions, said yesterday that earnings in the third quarter rose 16.4 percent despite roughly flat sales.
p3043
aVLEAD: The General Electric Credit Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the Gelco Corporation, a management service and leasing company focusing on transportation markets, in a transaction that will ultimately cost G.E. about $414 million.
p3044
aVLEAD: The Plessey Company and the British General Electric Company said they plan to combine their worldwide telecommunications businesses in a joint venture that would have annual sales of more than $:1.2 billion ($2 billion).
p3045
aVLEAD: * General Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn., said its Astro-Space RCA subsidiary had been awarded a $100 million contract by Geostar Corp. for two location-finding satellites.
p3046
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*GENERAL ELECTRIC INC (NYSE) Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Sales 9,400,000,000 9,280,000,000 Net inc 703,000,000 604,000,000 Share earns .77 .66 9mo sales 27,280,000,000 22,940,000,000 Net inc 2,047,000,000 1,762,000,000 Share earns 2.24 1.93
p3047
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*PORTLAND GENERAL ELECTRIC CO (NYSE) Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Revenue 175,940,000 177,395,000 Net inc 15,577,000 19,036,000 Share earns .34 .41 9mo rev 561,294,000 561,049,000 Net inc 65,134,000 71,918,000 Share earns 1.41 1.56
p3048
aVLEAD: The Leo Burnett Company of Chicago announced Friday that it was resigning the account of the GE/RCA Consumer Electronics division because the client wished it to use a compensation system unlike those of its other clients. Also, Burnett said it was unwilling to go through an agency review.
p3049
aVLEAD: Among the advertisers on television broadcasts of the World Series will be General Electric, which has four new 60-second commercials from Batten, Barton, Durstine & Osborn. These ads have the same high-quality production values as those of the last campaign, and although the line ''We bring good things to life'' seems not to be as dominant as it was previously, it is there.
p3050
aVLEAD: Marconi Communications P.L.C., a subsidiary of the General Electric Company of Britain, said it had received an initial development contract from the United States Navy worth more than $450 million. The contract, which will be worked on an equal basis with the Rockwell International Corporation's Collins Defense Communications Systems division, is for the development of a high-frequency anti-jam communications system.
p3051
aVLEAD: A Delaware court issued a temporary restraining order preventing the Walbro Corporation, which is being pursued by UIS Inc., from using the proceeds of a $35 million preferred stock sale to a friendly ally to buy back shares of its outstanding common stock.
p3052
asS'198711'
p3053
(lp3054
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said today that it had notified the Pentagon of accounting irregularities in contracts involving nuclear missiles.
p3055
aVLEAD: The General Electric Credit Corporation is offering $300 million of 8 3/4 percent notes due in 1992 for 99.562 to yield 8.86 percent through underwriters led by its affiliate, Kidder, Peabody & Company. The triple-A-rated notes are not callable and yield about six-tenths of a percentage point more than five-year Treasury notes.
p3056
aVLEAD: Conrail will buy 30 new high-horsepower locomotives from the General Electric Company for more than $36 million, the freight railroad said. The 4,000-horsepower, four-axle B40-8 locomotives will be built at General Electric's plant here and will be delivered in the second quarter of 1988, Conrail said.
p3057
aVLEAD: Harry T. Rein is leaving the General Electric Company, but not with rancor.
p3058
aVLEAD: * AVX Corp., Great Neck, L.I., a maker of multilayer ceramic capacitors, said it had completed the purchase of the multilayer ceramic, glass and tantalum capacitor operations of Corning Glass Works for $66 million. Separately, Corning sold its resistor operations to Vishay Intertechnology Inc. for $37 million.
p3059
aVLEAD: * Alco Standard Corp., Valley Forge, Pa., said it had sold two of its gift and glassware companies for an undisclosed amount of cash. Alco said Silvestri Corp. and Toscany Imports Ltd. had been sold in leveraged buyouts. The units contributed about $84 million in revenue in the 1987 fiscal year.
p3060
aVLEAD: MORE than a decade after the last order was placed in this country for a commercial nuclear plant, some engineers and utility analysts think it is time to start developing a second generation of reactors that would be meltdown-proof. Their hope is that these reactors would be available when the demand for power picks up and when cost or environmental impact makes fossil fuels unattractive.
p3061
aVLEAD: NASA said today that it was delaying for several weeks selection of companies for billions of dollars worth of space station contracts.
p3062
aVLEAD: A newly formed electrical equipment company called Asea Brown Boveri has named Klaus E. Agthe president and chief executive for United States operations.
p3063
aVLEAD: The Maxus Energy Corporation, formerly part of the Diamond Shamrock Corporation, said today that it was suing Kidder, Peabody & Company for what it called the firm's link to insider trading activities during Diamond Shamrock's acquisition of the Natomas Company in 1983.
p3064
asS'198712'
p3065
(lp3066
VLEAD: The General Electric Company has entered into an agreement with the International Business Machines Corporation to develop computer chips for use in future I.B.M. products, the companies announced today.
p3067
aVLEAD: William G. Kuhns, a longtime leader of the General Public Utilities Corporation, has come out of retirement to succeed John F. O'Leary as the utility's chairman and chief executive. Mr. O'Leary died Saturday.
p3068
aVLEAD: * Berkey Inc., Greenwich, Conn., a diversified photographic equipment concern, said it had sold certain assets of its Berkey Marketing Cos. division and would be negotiating the disposition of several product lines.
p3069
aVLEAD: Only four years ago, corporate efforts to enlist university researchers in the drive to make American industry more competitive seemed to face major difficulties. But the problems - which mainly involved fears that these alliances would compromise basic academic freedoms - have proved relatively easy to resolve, and many research projects are not only flourishing but producing tangible results.
p3070
aVLEAD: The Navy announced today that a team of the General Dynamics Corporation and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation had been selected to build an advanced attack aircraft in a program that could be worth $45 billion.
p3071
aVLEAD: In a move that was expected by analysts, the Marine Midland Bank said that Geoffrey A. Thompson, its president, would take on the additional role of chief executive. Mr. Thompson, 47 years old, replaces John R. Petty, 57, who will continue as chairman of the bank and the chairman and chief executive of its holding company.
p3072
aVLEAD: J. David Hann, a communications and computer executive, yesterday was named president and chief executive of Quotron Systems Inc., the stock quotation service acquired by Citicorp in 1986 for $680 million.
p3073
aVLEAD: * American Cyanamid Co., Wayne, N.J., elected as a director Anne Wexler, chairman of Wexler, Reynolds, Harrison & Schule Inc. of Washington, consultants in government relations and public affairs.
p3074
aVLEAD: Paul A. Bilzerian, the Florida investor, announced yesterday that he had raised most of the money for his $1 billion cash offer to buy the Singer Company.
p3075
aVLEAD: AS Christmas approaches, there is little cheer among stockholders of toy companies - and for good reason. Share prices have plunged far below levels of a year ago.
p3076
asS'200911'
p3077
(lp3078
VThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday. According to traders, at the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.05 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.15 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.05 percent.
p3079
aVCisco, the computer networking giant, has spent the last decade acquiring rivals and buying back stock. It's time to acknowledge that this strategy isn't working. Investors who bought Cisco's shares a decade ago have received no return on their investment. Results this week should give Cisco another chance to profess its optimism. Technology markets are rebounding. And John Chambers, Cisco's chief executive, will talk about the 26 new product areas that he thinks can each generate $1 billion in sales in the near term.
p3080
aVPLOPPED in a white leather chair in a small office in Bloomberg L.P's Manhattan headquarters, Andrew Lack knows exactly how to articulate the aspirations of this 28-year-old media and technology company. ''We want to be the world's most influential news organization,'' says Mr. Lack, who oversees Bloomberg's television, radio and dot-com endeavors.
p3081
asS'200107'
p3082
(lp3083
VHoneywell International will consolidate operations into four units, as the chief executive Lawrence Bossidy moves to reduce costs after General Electric's planned purchase of Honeywell collapsed. A spokesman, Tom Crane, said eight existing divisions would be consolidated into four: aerospace; automation and controls; specialty materials; and transportation and power units. In addition, the chief operating officer, Giannantonio Ferrari, 61, will retire immediately, Mr. Crane said. The realignment may be a precursor to breaking up the company, based in Morris Township, N.J., and selling the parts, analysts said.
p3084
aVThe General Electric Company, despite its first quarterly decline in revenues since 1988, said yesterday that its second-quarter earnings were up 15 percent from the same quarter last year. It stands as the last complete quarter under John F. Welch Jr., who stayed on as chairman past his planned retirement to shepherd G.E.'s since-aborted acquisition of Honeywell International. G.E. said that he would retire on Sept. 7.
p3085
aVA state Supreme Court justice has ordered General Electric to pay for newspaper advertisements across New York acknowledging that the company ''engaged in deceptive business conduct'' in connection with a recall of dishwashers in 1999. The ads will also solicit information from consumers who felt they were misled by G.E. so a monetary award against the company can be determined, the justice, Louise Gruner Gans, ruled.
p3086
aVHours after the European Commission rejected the $45 billion acquisition by General Electric of Honeywell International, Michael R. Bonsignore, the chairman and chief executive of Honeywell, tendered his resignation. The company, which is based in Morristown, N.J., also said it would take a pretax revamping charge of $575 million to $625 million in the second quarter and forecasted full-year revenue and earnings that were lower than consensus Wall Street estimates.
p3087
aVGE Capital, the largest nonbank finance company and a unit of the General Electric Company, plans to buy the Danish credit card unit of Gjensidige Nor Sparebank of Norway for about $66.5 million. The credit card business, AcceptFinans, has a total loan portfolio of $151 million, according to GE Capital, which is based in Stamford, Conn. AcceptFinans will become part of GE Capital's Global Consumer Finance unit, which already employs about 400 people in Scandinavia, mostly in Sweden.
p3088
aVWhen a big merger broke down in years past, as they often did, the last thing corporate managers wanted was costly, distracting, time-consuming, risky litigation. But some companies recently ditched at the altar are preparing to drag their runaway merger partners into court.
p3089
aVAs Europe's chief antitrust regulator bristled at what he called ''political interference'' from the United States, the European Commission today formally blocked General Electric's proposed $45 billion takeover of Honeywell International. The decision was already a foregone conclusion after negotiations broke off on Friday between G.E. and European officials. But the decision was a milestone, not only because European officials blocked a deal between two American companies but because United States antitrust regulators had made the opposite ruling.
p3090
aVSaks plans to close its store in Palm Springs, Calif., and has offered the 60 store employees transfers to other branches. The retailer said the 50,000 square-foot Saks Fifth Avenue store, based in the Desert Fashion Plaza in Palm Springs, will close on Saturday. Saks also operates a 50,000-square-foot store in nearby Palm Desert, which will remain open. Saks, the owner of Saks Fifth Avenue and regional department stores, said separately that it had bought two stores formerly operated by Montgomery Ward, the General Electric unit that said in December it would file for bankruptcy and close its 250 stores. Saks is based in Birmingham, Ala.
p3091
aVGE Capital, the financing unit of General Electric, agreed to buy the Safeco Corporation's equipment-financing and leasing unit for an undisclosed price to increase loans to fast food franchises. GE Capital, based in Stamford, Conn., said its commercial equipment finance unit will absorb Safeco Credit, which makes equipment loans to restaurant franchises and transportation, manufacturing, and construction companies and is based in Redmond, Wash. GE Capital has been building its franchise business, and will have about $61.7 billion in assets when the purchase is completed.
p3092
aVAtlas Air Worldwide Holdings, a leading carrier of freight for other airlines, said yesterday that it had agreed to buy Polar Air Cargo for $84 million to expand into Japan. Polar has routes in key international markets, including Japan, which ''we have sought to enter since Atlas Air's inception,'' Atlas said. Atlas, based in Purchase, N.Y., said it might be able to reduce the purchase cost by as much as $30 million by restructuring leases and selling some Polar aircraft and parts. The seller is an affiliate of GE Capital Aviation Services, a unit of General Electric. The acquisition comes as Atlas and Polar struggle with a drop in demand for shipping services that has led to layoffs in the last few months.
p3093
asS'200910'
p3094
(lp3095
VThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week include Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday. According to traders, at the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.06 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.15 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.04 percent.
p3096
asS'199409'
p3097
(lp3098
VThe General Motors Corporation, hoping one day to sell components to the makers of electric and hybrid vehicles worldwide, announced yesterday the formation of a business unit, Delco Propulsion Systems. The new unit, to be based in Indianapolis, will be a joint effort of three G.M. parts-making organizations: AC Delco Systems, Allison Transmission and the Delco Electronics Corporation. While G.M. has argued that battery technology has not progressed to the stage where electric vehicles can be viable in the consumer market, the auto maker is hedging its bet by preparing to take advantage of the electric-vehicle market if and when it blossoms.
p3099
aVThe General Electric Company denied a published report yesterday that it was considering the acquisition of Time Warner Inc. The report, by the columnist Dan Dorfman in USA Today, cited an undisclosed "investment banker close to G.E." Shares of Time Warner rose $1.375, to $37.625, with 2.8 million shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange, despite a statement by G.E. denying that it was in talks to acquire Time Warner.
p3100
aVThe New York State Public Service Commission said yesterday that it would allow the largest customer of the Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation to instead buy cheaper electricity from an independent power producer, a decision that analysts said could open the state's utilities to further competition. The decision by the five-member commission, which regulates utilities in New York, permits the Alcan Aluminum plant in Oswego to buy its electricity from Sithe Energies, which is building a 1,000-megawatt power facility near the Alcan plant in Oswego. Although the commission said other independent power producers had been able to sell power to industrial customers in the state, analysts said yesterday's decision was a first for New York.
p3101
aVIf General Electric is trying to sell NBC, can Kidder, Peabody, the company's troubled investment bank, be far behind? Like the television network, Kidder is a G.E. acquisition that never really worked. And even as reports of G.E.'s efforts to shed NBC trickled out last week, the conventional wisdom on Wall Street was that G.E. would not or could not keep Kidder. There are at least four reasons:
p3102
aVFor two decades the Lincoln Electric Company, the nation's largest maker of arc welders and welding supplies, has been studied by Harvard Business School students as a model of how to motivate workers. Each year thousands of managers from other companies, even some rivals, journey to Lincoln's modest headquarters and huge factory complex in this blue-collar Cleveland suburb for free seminars on the company's incentive system.
p3103
aVAllen & Company, the New York investment banking firm, is said to have been hired by the General Electric Company to handle the sale of NBC, the company's television network operation, according to several people with knowledge of the transaction. An executive close to Allen & Company declined to comment, and a spokeswoman for General Electric said she had no information about it and could not comment.
p3104
aVWith Time Warner Inc. and the General Electric Company still declining to comment on their discussions to sell all or part of the NBC television network to Time Warner, Wall Street was uncertain how to react yesterday. One of the few certainties, analysts said, is that Time Warner has a strategic need for such a deal to protect the television programming revenue it receives from its Warner Brothers unit. Network programming represented perhaps $100 million of Time Warner's $1.4 billion of operating profits last year.
p3105
aVA LEISURELY dinner in Brussels two years ago might seem harmless enough. But next month in a courtroom in Columbus, Ohio, the Federal Government will argue that what happened there was a crucial act in an elaborate international conspiracy in violation of American antitrust laws. The meal in question took place one January evening in 1992, when Peter Frenz, the General Electric Company's industrial diamond sales manager for Europe, sat down with Phillipe Liotier, a Belgian business executive, at the Royal Windsor Hotel.
p3106
aVAlthough Ted Turner, chairman of the Turner Broadcasting System Inc., has not publicly acknowledged an interest in acquiring NBC, the television industry has begun assuming that he would like to buy the network from the General Electric Company. But industry experts say Mr. Turner would encounter regulatory and financial obstacles in trying to complete such an acquisition. Indeed, one NBC executive, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that General Electric and NBC considered Mr. Turner's ambitions so unrealistic that they did not take him to be a serious bidder.
p3107
aVThe talks between the General Electric Company and the Walt Disney Company about Disney's possible purchase of NBC have cooled, several people with knowledge of the discussions said yesterday. The stumbling block seems to be Disney's desire to buy all of NBC -- the network, the seven local television stations and its interests in cable television, including CNBC. General Electric has apparently decided that it would prefer to continue owning a majority of NBC, making only 49 percent available to suitors.
p3108
asS'199408'
p3109
(lp3110
VGE Industrial and Power Systems said yesterday that it would cut its work force by 1,200 people, despite forecasts that the company, a unit of the General Electric Company, would post record earnings in 1994. G.E. said the job cuts would affect operations in Schenectady, N.Y., which the company described as lagging behind the other manufacturing locations in terms of profitability. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., said it would shift some production to some of its other plants and outside suppliers. The job cuts, out of the total work force of 30,000, will be achieved through a voluntary job reduction program, early retirement options, and layoffs, the company said.
p3111
aVThe Packard Electric division of the General Motors Corporation said yesterday that it would open a manufacturing plant in Gadsden, Ala., to produce wiring harnesses for G.M.'s next generation of mini-vans. The plant is expected to be completed in mid-1995. It will ship the wiring harnesses to the auto maker's plant in Doraville, Ga., where the new vans will be built starting in the 1996 model year. Packard Electric said the plant would initially have 300 employees. But the number could grow to 1,200, based on projected mini-van volume, the company said.
p3112
aVThe General Electric Company has selected BBDO New York to handle the consolidated media planning and buying portion of its account, which had been handled by more than 30 agencies. The account involves more than 30 company activities, including the corporate, appliances, lighting and financial services divisions, but not the NBC unit. Although billings were not disclosed, Advertising Age estimated them at $50 million.
p3113
aVThe General Electric Company selected Berlin Wright Cameron in New York yesterday to handle advertising for its G.E. Rewards credit-card account, which had been at Hal Riney & Partners of New York and San Francisco for the last two years. Berlin Wright was awarded the account, with billings estimated at $10 million, without a review. A campaign is expected to begin in the fall.
p3114
aVThe Detroit Edison Company said today that it had signed a $2 billion contract that would make it the sole power supplier in the Detroit area to the Big Three auto makers until the year 2004. The agreement, which is subject to approval by the Michigan Public Service Commission, covers 54 car-assembly and parts-manufacturing plants, headquarters and design and technical centers here.
p3115
aVThe GE Capital Corporation, the financial services unit of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it had agreed to buy an 80 percent stake in Australian Guarantee Taiwan, an automotive and equipment installment sales business based in Taipei. Yulon Group, a car and heavy equipment importer also based in Taipei, plans to purchase the remaining 20 percent. Financial terms were not disclosed. The new company will be called GE Capital Taiwan.
p3116
aVMerrill Lynch & Company, the nation's biggest securities firm, said yesterday that its third-quarter revenues fell 14 percent from the second-quarter levels. "Financial markets continued to weaken in July 1994, leading to lower volumes in many business areas," Merrill Lynch said in a quarterly report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
p3117
aVThe GE Capital Corporation will gain a foothold in Japan by purchasing consumer finance businesses from units of the Minebea Company, a Japanese bearing maker, the companies said today. Three Minebea group companies -- the Minebea Credit Company and two subsidiaries -- will sell their consumer finance operations to a Japanese unit of GE Capital, the financing arm of the General Electric Company.
p3118
aVSaudi Arabia has delayed awarding a $1 billion contract for a power plant in the nation's capital, Riyadh, industry sources said today. The sources said the Saudis were still assessing financing proposals from United States banks and from Belleli Saudi Heavy Industries Ltd., one of the companies competing for the project. A decision was expected last month.
p3119
aVTHAT old gray mare of investing -- the electric utility -- ain't what she used to be. While people can still get utilities' customary slow, sure amble to high dividends, looming competition in the industry means investors may have a different ride altogether. True, the nation's 100 electric utilities, hammered by interest rate rises, were off nearly 28 percent in early July from a year ago. And true, bargain hunters have since bid them back up, just a bit. No surprises there. Although safe in many ways, utilities have always had interest-rate risk.
p3120
asS'199407'
p3121
(lp3122
VThe General Electric Company, the nation's fifth-largest industrial concern, reported yesterday that its profits jumped 14 percent in the second quarter, as strong gains in many of its manufacturing and financial operations offset weakness at NBC, G.E. Aircraft Engines and Kidder, Peabody, its troubled brokerage subsidiary. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., said its second-quarter net income totaled $1.52 billion, or 89 cents a share, up from $1.33 billion, or 78 cents a share, in the comparable period last year. Revenue rose 10 percent, to $16.2 billion from $14.76 billion.
p3123
aVA former executive for the General Electric Company admitted his role yesterday in a scheme to divert $11 million in United States military aid meant for Israel. Herbert B. Steindler, 55, of Melbourne Beach, Fla., pleaded guilty to wire fraud and conspiracy to defraud the Federal Government, among other charges. Mr. Steindler also agreed to forfeit $1.7 million, prosecutors said. The former G.E. international sales manager, who was dismissed in 1991, faces up to 35 years in prison and $22 million in fines. Mr. Steindler was indicted in March with Rami Dotan, a former Israeli air force general. They were charged with diverting the aid between 1984 and 1990 from Pentagon contracts for jet engines. Mr. Dotan is serving a 13-year prison term in Israel.
p3124
aVThe General Electric Company has signed a definitive agreement to buy the satellite communications network of the GTE Corporation. Terms of the agreement were not disclosed. Under the agreement, which was announced Thursday, GE American Communications Inc., a unit of the GE Capital Corporation based in Princeton, N.J., said it would buy all seven satellites and related ground stations owned by GTE. The purchase will double the number of satellites owned by the General Electric unit, making it a leading supplier of space communications in the domestic market. "We are excited about the expanded service capabilities this acquisition will enable us to offer our customers," Gary C. Wendt, president and chief executive of GE Capital, said in a statement.
p3125
aVFive years ago, amid handshakes and grins, the General Electric Company agreed to acquire Tungsram, a maker of lighting products and one of Hungary's industrial gems, in a deal that many believed would show other leading Western corporations how to turn Communist-run enterprises into money makers. Almost immediately, other ambitious American companies took notice of General Electric's investment in Eastern Europe, and it became a beacon of hope for Hungary's workers and Government leaders.
p3126
aVHarcourt General Inc. agreed yesterday to sell its life insurance business for $400 million in cash to the GE Capital Corporation, the General Electric Company's financial subsidiary. The units to be sold include the Federal Home Life Insurance Company, the PHF Life Insurance Company and the Harvest Life Insurance Company. The sale will produce a pretax profit for Harcourt of about $12 million, and the proceeds will be used for acquisitions in Harcourt's core businesses. Harcourt owns Harcourt Brace & Company, a book publisher, and it owns 66 percent of the Nieman Marcus Group, a retailing company. The businesses to be sold produced $550 million of revenues last year, about 15 percent of Harcourt's total, and nearly 20 percent of Harcourt's $361.6 million of operating profits. The sale was announced after Harcourt's stock closed at $35.125, down 75 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
p3127
aVThe General Electric Company signed a definitive agreement yesterday to buy the satellite communications network of the GTE Corporation. Terms of the agreement were not disclosed.
p3128
aVMore high-level resignations are expected soon at Kidder, Peabody & Company, the troubled brokerage firm owned by the General Electric Company, people close to the two companies said yesterday. The resignations could come even before the findings of a three-month internal investigation into the Joseph Jett case are made public in a week or two. Mr. Jett was dismissed as head of the firm's government-bond trading desk in April and accused by the company of fabricating $350 million in profits with phony trades.
p3129
aVThe Kemper Corporation, the insurance and financial-services company based in Long Grove, Ill., said yesterday that it was postponing its annual meeting from August to late October or early November so that it might focus on the $3.25 billion bid by Conseco Inc. of Carmel, Ind. The merger is subject to approval by shareholders. Kemper first pushed this year's meeting back to August in response to a hostile takeover bid by the General Electric Company this spring.
p3130
aVJohn F. Welch Jr., the chairman of the General Electric Company, may be under fire these days, but he has not lost his sense of humor, judging from the remarks he made at a black-tie dinner on Tuesday night. The 58-year-old executive has long been one of the most highly regarded managers in Corporate America, but his reputation has been tarnished by the recent trading scandal at G.E.'s brokerage subsidiary, Kidder, Peabody & Company. G.E. took a $210 million charge against earnings in the first quarter, after it was said that Joseph Jett, a Kidder, Peabody trader, had created $350 million in phantom profits.
p3131
aVThe National Broadcasting Company, a unit of the General Electric Company, said today that it would begin an Asian business news satellite television service. NBC said its Asian business service, ANBC, will start broadcasting on Aug. 1 to 15 countries in Southeast Asia. It will feature business news programming from NBC's United States business news channel, CNBC. The NBC service will be competing with Asia Business News, a venture started eight months ago by Dow Jones & Company; Tele-Communications Inc., and Television New Zealand Ltd.
p3132
asS'197704'
p3133
(lp3134
sS'199405'
p3135
(lp3136
VKidder, Peabody & Company and its former trader of government bonds, Joseph Jett, have been sued by shareholders of the General Electric Company, Kidder's parent, in connection with Kidder's contention that Mr. Jett fabricated more than $350 million in trading profits. Kidder dismissed Mr. Jett in April after the firm said it had discovered trading irregularities.
p3137
aVThe General Electric Company will probably not face any competition to its revised offer for the Kemper Corporation, analysts said yesterday. The GE Capital Corporation, the finance subsidiary of General Electric, raised its cash bid for Kemper over the weekend to $60 a share, or about $1.99 billion, from $55 a share.
p3138
aVA stormy chapter in the Pacific Northwest's nuclear-power history came close to an end today with a 9-to-4 vote by the board of the Washington Public Power Supply System to terminate two unfinished nuclear plants. Public Power Supply has one nuclear plant producing electricity. The only other nuclear plant in the Northwest that ever generated power, the Trojan plant in Rainier, Ore., owned by Portland General Electric, was closed in January 1993.
p3139
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC INDUSTRIAL AND POWER SYSTEMS, Schenectady, N.Y., a unit of General Electric Co., received a $50 million contract from Raytheon Construction Inc., Lexington, Mass., to provide power generation equipment for a combined-cycle co-generation facility.
p3140
aVFaced with a $190 million increase in a hostile takeover bid from the General Electric Company and the likelihood of losing a crucial proxy fight, the Kemper Corporation yesterday formally put itself up for sale. The action, which Kemper's management and board had resisted for months, opened the door for a bidding war involving G.E. and other potential suitors for the insurance and investment company, which is based in the Chicago suburb of Long Grove, Ill.
p3141
aVThe General Electric Company and an Australian company plan to build a natural-gas power plant and fertilizer factory for $810 million in Vietnam, a report said today. G.E. will supply gas turbines for the power plant, located 40 miles southeast of Ho Chi Minh City, the Vietnam Investment Review reported in its current issue. Electricity generated by the plant will supply a nearby fertilizer factory. G.E. and the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, based in Melbourne, are establishing a consortium to finance and build the two plants, which could begin operations by the end of 1998, the review said.
p3142
aVThe Quaker State Corporation, a maker of motor oil, is negotiating the sale of its insurance subsidiary to the GE Capital Corporation for about $85 million, the companies said yesterday. The sale of the unit, the Heritage Insurance Group of Agoura Hills, Calif., is expected to close in the third quarter. Heritage operates in 49 states, offering credit life and health insurance, specialty indemnity coverage for auto and consumer products, and service contract reimbursement insurance for auto dealers. GE Capital, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, is a financial services company based in Stamford, Conn.
p3143
aVThe Kemper Corporation said today that if its stock does not rise by at least 13 percent in the next year, it would consider putting itself up for sale. Kemper, an insurance, asset management and securities brokerage company, based in Long Grove, made the proposal in a letter to shareholders from its chairman and chief executive, David B. Mathis. The company is facing a hostile bid of $1.8 billion, or $55 a share from the General Electric Company's finance unit.
p3144
aVThe Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company said yesterday that it had extended the contract of Stanley C. Gault, its chairman and chief executive, through 1995 with the understanding that a successor might be named next year. Mr. Gault, 68, who has led Goodyear since June 1991 and presided over its resurgence in recent years, previously announced plans to retire on Dec. 31, 1994. Separately, Goodyear appointed Robert Tieken, 55, a longtime executive at the General Electric Company, as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Shares of Goodyear closed up 37.5 cents yesterday, to $39.125, on the New York Stock Exchange.
p3145
aVThe GE Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, expects to spend several weeks examining the Kemper Corporation's books as part of a $2.4 billion takeover attempt, a GE Capital executive said yesterday. Paul Street, a senior vice president of GE Capital, spoke to reporters after a five-minute meeting of Kemper shareholders. Kemper, an investment and insurance company based in Long Grove, Ill., held the meeting just long enough to adjourn it and reschedule it for Aug. 22. On Sunday, Kemper put itself up for sale in response to G.E.'s sweetened bid of $60 a share. Kemper had rejected a G.E. bid of $55 a share. The move on Sunday gave GE Capital access to Kemper's books.
p3146
asS'199404'
p3147
(lp3148
VShareholders of the General Electric Company yesterday approved a 2-for-1 split of the company's common stock. G.E. said the shareholders also approved an increase in the amount of authorized common stock to 2.2 billion shares from 1.1 billion. The moves will become effective upon the filing of an amendment to the company's restated certificate of incorporation, which will be made today, G.E. said.
p3149
aVThe General Electric Company's Industrial and Power Systems division has told employees that it suffered a significant blow after it was underbid by two companies for three Asian contracts. Westinghouse Electric beat out the company for the opportunity to provide two Chinese companies with steam turbine engines and generators, while Siemens A.G. of Germany won the chance to supply a Taiwan company with gas turbines, steam turbines and generators, G.E. said yesterday. In a rare move, the president of the division, David C. Genever-Watling, wrote the division's 7,000 employees a separate letter in addition to a routine company letter to notify them of the lost contracts. "These losses are a huge disappointment to our team," he wrote. Leonard Doviak, a G.E. spokesman, declined to put a monetary value on the contracts, but said the contract losses were significant and warned of possible job losses if the trend continued.
p3150
aVThe General Electric Company has received a $671.3 million Army order for engines used by Blackhawk and Apache helicopters, as well as engines used by Navy transport helicopters.
p3151
aVThe General Electric Company reported today that trading irregularities at its brokerage subsidiary cut deeply into its first-quarter profits. General Electric, the electronics, media and financial conglomerate, reported net income of $1.07 billion, or 1.25 a share, in the quarter. That was more than triple 1993's first-quarter results, when an accounting rule change reduced net income by $862 million, to $298 million, or $1.01 a share. But when the accounting adjustment is excluded, its profits fell 8 percent.
p3152
aVThe Kemper Corporation said yesterday that its big shareholders had supported the decision of its board of directors to reject the General Electric Company's offer to buy the mutual fund and asset management firm for about $2.35 billion. Responding to a letter from Gary Wendt, chairman and chief executive of the GE Capital Corporation, the financial arm of G.E., Kemper's chairman, David B. Mathis, rejected the offer for the third time. "Your ongoing $55 per share proposal, found by our board and its financial advisor to be inadequate, has been and continues to be rejected," Mr. Mathis said in the letter.
p3153
aVThe General Electric Company said today that its first-quarter earnings rose as much as 11 percent a share from last year, bolstered by excellent profit in its finance and brokerage businesses. G.E., one of the world's 10 largest industrial companies, also said it expected record earnings in 1994.
p3154
aVALLIED SIGNAL INC., Morristown, N.J., said its aerospace division had received a 10-year contract valued at $280 million to supply the General Electric Co. with jet engine components. ASA INTERNATIONAL LTD., has agreed to acquire Profitkey International Inc. of Salem, N.H., for an undisclosed amount of stock.
p3155
aVThe General Public Utilities Corporation said this week that it would offer early retirement to 800 nonunion employees and might offer a similar program to as many as 700 union workers. The reduction is part of a reorganization the company announced in February, intended to save about $80 million a year starting in 1996. The plan would combine its Metropolitan Edison and Pennsylvania Electric units and form a new unit to operate and maintain its electric generating plants. The company, based in Parsippany, N.J., has 5,700 nonunion and 6,100 union employees. It will offer early retirement at Metropolitan Edison; Pennsylvania Electric; Jersey Central Power and Light; the General Public Utilities Nuclear Corporation, and the General Public Utilities Service Corporation.
p3156
aVThe General Motors Corporation, searching for clues as to why tanks in two natural gas-powered pickup trucks exploded during refilling, offered today to buy back or exchange the approximately 2,500 natural gas pickups it sold in the last two years. G.M. also said it had canceled for now any plans to sell natural gas-powered cars or pickups in the 1994 model year, pending further development of tanks and other equipment.
p3157
aVA long-life household light bulb designed to last about seven years in normal use will soon reach the market, the General Electric Company's lighting division said yesterday. The bulb, known in the industry as an E-lamp because it uses electronic controls, will go on sale in Europe within weeks and in the United States before the end of the year, G.E. said.
p3158
asS'199403'
p3159
(lp3160
VThe electronic revolution, which swept the vacuum radio tube away 40 years ago, may be about to do the same to the lowly light bulb. The General Electric Company, which traces its roots to Thomas Edison's original incandescent bulb, is teaming up with Motorola Lighting to produce a new generation of light bulbs. The new lamps will use substantially less electricity and will have much longer life than current bulbs, company officials say.
p3161
aVThe General Motors Corporation said yesterday that it had signed a partnership agreement with the Ovonic Battery Company to advance the commercialization of a relatively new kind of battery for electric vehicles. The venture with Ovonic, a subsidiary of Energy Conversion Devices, will explore the application of nickel metal hydride batteries for electric vehicles. General Motors would not discuss how much money would be involved.
p3162
aVThe board of the Kemper Corporation met last night -- a day earlier than planned -- to begin discussions over the merits of a hostile takeover bid by the General Electric Company. Kemper, the asset management and life insurance company based in Long Grove, Ill., has so far rebuffed a $55-a-share, or $2.2 billion, bid by GE Capital, General Electric's financial arm, saying it wishes to remain independent.
p3163
aVGeneral Magic, a closely watched three-year-old company that makes software for hand-held computers, is planning to raise up to $45 million through an initial public offering by mid-May, The San Francisco Chronicle reported yesterday. Officials of the company, based in Mountain View, Calif., declined to comment on the plan, but the newspaper quoted people close to and inside General Magic as saying it planned to sell up to three million shares at $12 to $15 each in an offering underwritten by Goldman, Sachs & Company, Alex. Brown & Sons, and Smith Barney Shearson. Investors in General Magic include the technology giants Apple Computer Inc., Motorola Inc., the Sony Corporation, the American Telephone and Telegraph Company and the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company.
p3164
aVFujitsu Ltd. and the Toshiba Corporation, the Japanese computer giants, said yesterday that they would soon invest in General Magic Inc., a software company whose products are expected to become standards of the fledgling multimedia industry. The two companies declined to disclose details of their investments, which were announced separately. General Magic, spun off by Apple Computer Inc. in 1990, has developed personal communication products that investors believe will propel the growth of the industry. The owners of the Mountain View, Calif., company already include Apple, A.T.& T., Matsushita Electric Industrial, Motorola, Philips Electronics and Sony.
p3165
aVThe board of the Kemper Corporation formally rejected the General Electric Company's $2.2 billion takeover bid today, as expected. But analysts said the rebuff was just a prelude to further negotiations, a higher offer and an eventual deal -- if not with G.E., then with another acquirer. Kemper's rejection of the unsolicited $55-a-share offer was conveyed in a blunt letter faxed from David B. Mathis, Kemper's chairman and chief executive, to John F. Welch Jr., his counterpart at G.E. Mr. Mathis stressed Kemper's desire to remain an independent stock brokerage, life insurance and asset management company and accused G.E. of trying to steal Kemper with a "low-ball proposal."
p3166
aVThe men running the Kemper Corporation think they deserve time to prove that they have turned around a lumbering giant. But they may not get the opportunity because while the bid from the General Electric Company on Monday was declared unpalatable by Kemper executives, it may look quite inviting to Kemper shareholders, making a hostile move by G.E. a lot easier. Until the offer by G.E. was disclosed, Kemper stock was trading well below where it was in late 1989 and there had been an erosion of shareholder loyalty. At the same time, Kemper was watching its market share decline in some of its most important businesses.
p3167
aVThe General Motors Corporation has told owners of about 2,500 compressed natural gas-powered pickup trucks to stop using them, after two tanks ruptured during refueling, injuring employees at two utility companies. A G.M. spokeswoman, Linda Cook, said about 90 percent of the 1992 and 1993 model trucks are used by utility fleets in Texas and California. G.M. is investigating the cause of the accidents with the company that converts the trucks to natural gas, Production Automotive Systems of Troy, Mich., and with Comdyne Inc., a West Liberty, Ohio, company that builds the fuel cylinders for the trucks.
p3168
aVSouthern Pacific Lines, a unit of the Southern Pacific Rail Corporation, plans to buy 100 locomotives from the General Electric Company for about $135 million. Southern Pacific Lines, the nation's sixth-largest railroad, with 15,000 miles of track serving 15 states, said last week that it also planned to lease three locomotives from the Morrison Knudsen Corporation.
p3169
aVGE Capital, the highly profitable financial arm of the General Electric Company, announced yesterday that it was offering $2.1 billion in cash for the Kemper Corporation, a mutual fund and securities company, whose management is not eager to sell. Kemper's chairman, David B. Mathis, had rejected GE Capital's merger overtures following a Jan. 26 meeting between executives of the two companies, but GE Capital is pressing forward with its offer. In announcing publicly yesterday that GE Capital would pay $55 a share or possibly more for Kemper, its chairman, Gary C. Wendt, said he hoped Kemper's board would reconsider. Mr. Wendt described the attitude of Kemper's management as saying the company, based in Long Grove, Ill., "was not for sale at any price."
p3170
asS'199402'
p3171
(lp3172
VThe General Electric Company expects to increase the pace of its investment in India and could invest up to $500 million there in the next few years, a G.E. official said yesterday. "We already have approvals for investing $200 million," said Scott Bayman, president of General Electric India. "By the middle of the decade it could rise to half a billion dollars." So far G.E. has invested only $50 million in India. Mr. Bayman said G.E. would concentrate on power generation and aircraft engines.
p3173
aVCiting intensified competition from overseas, the General Electric Company said yesterday that it would eliminate 700 jobs from its Industrial and Power Systems division, which makes steam turbine generators. The jobs will be salaried positions, including engineers, designers and secretaries, the company said. About 500 jobs at the company's Schenectady, N.Y., plant, where the division is based, will be affected. Another 35 jobs will be trimmed from G.E.'s plant in Fitchburg, Mass., with the rest scattered across the nation.
p3174
aVThe General Motors Corporation is sincerely trying to develop an electric vehicle consumers will buy but needs more time than state regulations allow, John F. Smith Jr., G.M.'s president and chief executive, said today. In a speech here, Mr. Smith appeared to be defending G.M.'s electric vehicle program against assertions in an article in The New York Times on Jan. 28. "We are not putting our electric vehicle act on the road and planning for a flop, as was implied in one of the news articles last week," Mr. Smith said.
p3175
aVThe electronic revolution, which swept the vacuum radio tube away 40 years ago, may be about to do the same to the lowly light bulb. The General Electric Company, which traces its roots to Thomas Edison's original incandescent bulb, is teaming up with Motorola Lighting to produce a new generation of light bulbs. The new lamps will use substantially less electricity and will have much longer life than current bulbs, company officials say.
p3176
aVThe Martin Marietta Corporation could jettison its proposed acquisition of the General Dynamics Corporation's space systems division unless the Pentagon agrees to share some of the money the Government is expected to save from the deal, a company spokesman said yesterday. In arguing its case with the Defense Department, Martin Marietta has also outlined several alternative consolidation plans affecting thousands of employees. The company says it has not settled on any plan.
p3177
aVA Federal grand jury indicted the General Electric Company, De Beers Centenary A.G. and two European businessmen today on a single count of conspiring to raise and fix prices in the half-billion-dollar-a-year worldwide industrial diamond industry. The two companies control about four-fifths of the international market for industrial diamonds, which are mainly produced synthetically from carbon under extremely high pressure and temperature, and which are embedded in saws and drills for use in cutting stone and concrete.
p3178
aVAir Canada has signed a contract to buy six Airbus A340's and taken options for three more of the four-engine wide-body planes. The list price for A340's is $94 million, valuing the order at about $564 million. The airline said it would use the planes on trans-Atlantic and Pacific routes. Air Canada already operates 34 single-aisle Airbus A320's. The new planes will be powered by CFM International CFM56-5C engines. CFM is a joint venture between Snecma of France and the General Electric Company of the United States. Airbus is a European manufacturing consortium consisting of France, Britain, Germany and Spain.
p3179
aVThe National Gypsum Company said yesterday that it had named Stephen M. Humphrey president and chief executive of the nation's No. 2 wallboard maker, effective March 21. Mr. Humphrey's appointment is the second in as many months at National Gypsum, which has experienced a number of management changes that began during its Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization hearings.
p3180
aVGE Capital said yesterday that it would acquire the computer leasing and financing businesses of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken Group of Sweden for an undisclosed sum. The two acquired companies -- Vendax A.B. and Nordic Finans A.B. -- have combined assets of three billion Swedish krona, or about $375 million. Vendax is the largest independent computer leasing company in Sweden. Nordic Finans A.B. provides financing programs for office equipment and computer vendors. GE Capital, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, is a diversified financial services company based in Stamford, Conn.
p3181
aVTwo American institutional investors in the Banco Espanol de Credito, the troubled Spanish bank commonly known as Banesto, are considering whether to sue the bank over their losses in its stock, which they bought last summer as part of a capital-raising effort led by J. P. Morgan & Company. But neither the General Electric Company nor the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, both of which are direct and indirect shareholders in Banesto, would say late last week how close they were to deciding whether to file suit against the bank.
p3182
asS'199401'
p3183
(lp3184
VThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that its earnings rose a little more than 10 percent in the fourth quarter, to $1.477 billion, or $1.73 a share. The gains were led by G.E.'s appliance, financial services, plastics and electrical generating equipment divisions, and came despite the loss of income from the aerospace business, which was sold during 1993. Revenue for the quarter increased 12 percent, to $18.1 billion.
p3185
aVThe General Electric Company said today that its Hungarian light bulb factory, trumpeted in television ads as a symbol of post-Communist Eastern Europe's new spirit, became profitable in 1993 after three years of heavy losses. The chairman and chief executive of General Electric, John F. Welch Jr., said the Tungsram lighting concern turned a slight profit last year. Company officials did not give exact figures. Mr. Welch also announced the investment of an additional $36 million in Hungary, where General Electric bought Tungsram in 1989 in what was then seen as a pioneering venture by a highly successful example of Western capitalism.
p3186
aVGeneral Motors is preparing to put its electric vehicle act on the road, and planning for a flop. With pride and pessimism, the company, the furthest along of the Big Three in designing a mass-market electric car, says that in the face of a California law that requires that 2 percent of new cars be "zero emission" vehicles beginning in late 1997, it has done its best but that the vehicle has come up short. It will cost too much and will not go very far between lengthy visits to a charging station.
p3187
aVSouthwest Airlines and the Boeing Company completed a $2.5 billion contract for the delivery of 63 twin-engine Boeing 737-700 aircraft beginning in October 1997, the companies said yesterday. The order, announced in November, was signed this week, making Southwest the first airline to buy Boeing's newest plane. The contract, which lasts through 2001, also gives Southwest, based in Dallas, the option to purchase another 63 of the aircraft.
p3188
aVThe chairman of the Toyota Motor Corporation, Shoichiro Toyoda, has been tapped to become the next leader of Japan's most powerful business organization, making him the chief spokesman for Japanese industry at a time of political and economic upheaval. Dr. Toyoda, 68, is expected to become chairman of the Federation of Economic Organizations, known in Japanese as the Keidanren, after the retirement of Gaishi Hiraiwa, who is from the Tokyo Electric Power Company. The Keidanren chairman has been called the "prime minister of the business world" because of the organization's influence.
p3189
aVThe Ford Motor Company said this week that it was scaling back its plans to build a new electric car until it could reach a breakthrough on batteries. Ford's director of electric vehicles, Dennis Wilkie, said on Tuesday, "We've pushed development to the point that we question the sense of doing any more vehicle development until there is in fact more progress in batteries."
p3190
aVParamount Communications Inc. came very close to acquiring NBC from its parent, the General Electric Company, in 1992, but the deal fell apart at the last moment, according to an article in the February issue of Vanity Fair. In April 1992, the chairman of Paramount, Martin S. Davis, and the chairman of General Electric, John F. Welch Jr., were close enough to a deal that Paramount was writing press releases. But there was a sticking point: regulatory approval for the transfer of NBC's television stations to Paramount.
p3191
aVNo matter what year the question is broached, mass-produced electric cars always seem to be just over the horizon. But California rules, which have been adopted and are now in force New York State and are soon to go into effect in Massachusetts as well, will require that 2 percent of the cars sold in the 1998 model year be electrics. So 1994 may represent a moment of truth, whether for the car makers or the regulation writers.
p3192
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its Industrial and Power Systems unit had received an order worth nearly $35 million from the Carolina Power and Light Co., Raleigh, N.C., for nuclear power plant equipment. KEYSTONE FINANCIAL INC., Harrisburg, Pa., said it had completed the acquisition of the outstanding stock of WM Bancorp, Cumberland, Md.
p3193
aVAS General Motors and Ford build a few dozen electric cars and wonder if there is a market for more, a Colorado company says it is ready to make electric vehicles by the tens of thousands, and anticipates a market in the millions within a few years. But its orientation is a little different: The vehicles are motor scooters and the market is Taiwan. With strong encouragement from the Taiwanese Government, Unique Mobility Inc., of Golden, Colo., has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Kwang Yang Motor Company under which Kwang Yang, using Unique's technology, would produce a 180-pound vehicle capable of cruising at speeds of up to 35 miles per hour and running 35 or 40 miles in typical urban traffic before needing a recharge.
p3194
asS'196212'
p3195
(lp3196
sS'196211'
p3197
(lp3198
sS'196210'
p3199
(lp3200
sS'197705'
p3201
(lp3202
sS'199911'
p3203
(lp3204
VThe General Electric Company, the biggest medical-imaging equipment maker, agreed to buy Mecon Inc. for about $81.2 million in stock to acquire software that lets hospitals compare prices for supplies over the Internet. G.E. will pay $11.25 in stock for each Mecon share. GE Medical Systems, based in Milwaukee, is adding to the range of services that it sells through the Internet Mecon's software helps hospitals manage costs more efficiently. Mecon granted G.E. an option to acquire newly issued shares, representing 19.9 percent of those outstanding. Shares of Mecon, based in San Ramon, Calif., rose $1.375 each, to $10.75. General Electric fell $2.50, to $133.125.
p3205
aVThe NBC unit of the General Electric Company is taking an equity stake in Egreetings Network Inc., an Internet provider of gifts and free greeting cards, to promote NBC shows on free online postcards. Terms were not disclosed. Egreetings will use shows like ''The Tonight Show'' and ''Providence,'' as themes for its free postcards and animations. It will promote the cards on its Web site and through e-mail to its 8 million users. On Oct. 14, San Francisco-based Egreetings filed to sell $75 million in stock to the public.
p3206
aVThe Enron Corporation, the world's largest marketer of natural gas and electricity, agreed yesterday to sell its Portland General Electric unit to the Sierra Pacific Resources Corporation for $2.02 billion in cash. Sierra Pacific, based in Reno, Nev., will also assume $1.08 billion in debt, preferred stock and other obligations from Portland General. Shares of Enron were up 43.75 cents, to $38.375, and Sierra Pacific fell 50 cents, to $21.125. Enron, which is based in Houston, acquired Portland General in July 1997 for $1.86 billion in stock and the assumption of $1.1 billion in debt. Analysts said Portland General had helped Enron build expertise in the power industry and had also given it a valuable foothold in telecommunications.
p3207
aVWhen John F. Welch Jr. resigns from General Electric in April 2001, he will actually leave two vacancies: those of G.E.'s chief executive and corporate America's most-admired manager. The first post will be filled quickly, the appointment will likely be announced months before Mr. Welch steps aside. For the second job, however, there is no clear successor, management experts said yesterday, and that is a testament to the rarity of Mr. Welch's nearly two-decade run at the top of one of America's biggest companies.
p3208
aVEveryone knew it was coming, but now they know when: John F. Welch Jr., the chairman of General Electric, will retire after the company's annual meeting in April 2001. Mr. Welch, who announced the date on CNBC on Monday evening, will turn 65 on Nov. 19, 2000, and had always indicated he would step down then. But few read much more than symbolism into the later date. Mr. Welch became G.E.'s chief executive in April 1981, so the date will mark his 20th anniversary.
p3209
aVBritish Aerospace P.L.C.'s acquisition of the military arm of the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain cleared its last significant hurdle this week when United States regulators approved the deal. British Aerospace said it had reached agreements with United States officials in line with those with the British government, clearing the way for the $:7 billion ($11 billion) acquisition next Monday of Marconi Electronic Systems, a unit of G.E.C., which is not linked to the United States company of the same name.
p3210
aVA suggestion by Rupert Murdoch that NBC had been offered for sale to Time Warner was ''a bit of a mistake,'' an executive close to Mr. Murdoch said yesterday. The executive also sought to counter any criticism that with his remarks Mr. Murdoch, the chairman of the News Corporation, had been seeking to affect the Time Warner stock price. Instead, the executive said, Mr. Murdoch had simply reacted to a television interviewer's unexpected question by repeating reports he had heard about the interest of Ted Turner, the Time Warner vice chairman, in acquiring NBC from General Electric. ''Rupert misspoke,'' said the executive, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
p3211
aVThe three phrases flash in rapid succession on the United Illuminating Company's Web site: No stamps. No checks. No fees. Since July, the words have alerted the southern Connecticut utility's customers that they can now get and pay their electric bills with a click of the mouse. Slowly, but steadily, the customers are doing just that.
p3212
aVSnap.com and Xoom.com, two Web sites, agreed today to pay the HealthGate Data Corporation $75 million over three years to provide health and medical information for the Internet company they will form with NBC, a unit of General Electric. Cnet, which owns Snap.com, and Xoom.com, a Web-based direct-marketing company, have agreed to be acquired by G.E. to form NBC Internet Inc., or NBCi.
p3213
aVU.S. Accuses Seven Utilities Of Violating Clean-Air Law The federal government sued seven electric companies in the Midwest and South, accusing the utilities of defying anti-pollution regulations and illegally contaminating the air breathed by millions of Americans. The defendants are American Electric Power, Cinergy, FirstEnergy, Illinois Power, Southern Indiana Gas and Electric, Southern, Tampa Electric. The government accused them of modernizing their generating plants without modernizing their pollution controls as required by the Clean Air Act. [Page A1.]
p3214
asS'199910'
p3215
(lp3216
VThe Entergy Corporation, a utility holding company based in New Orleans, said yesterday that it would pay GE Power Systems $1.9 billion for 28 power generating turbines and related services. Entergy, which distributes the 30,000 megawatts of power it currently generates to about 2.5 million customers in Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi and Arkansas, is buying the power generation equipment to meet growing power needs. The General Electric Company will supply 24 gas turbines and 4 steam turbines for delivery through 2004.
p3217
aVThe Entergy Corporation said yesterday that it planned to acquire eight gas turbines from the General Electric Company's General Power Systems unit for $160 million. The eight turbines are in addition to the 24 gas turbines and 4 steam turbines that Entergy said last week it would buy from GE Power Systems for $1.9 billion. Entergy, based in New Orleans, provides electricity to 2.5 million customers in the Southern United States and another 2 million customers overseas. GE Power Systems, a maker of power generation equipment, is based in Schenectady, N.Y. Delivery of the turbines is scheduled for as early as 2001, Entergy said.
p3218
aVThe General Electric Company said today that its third-quarter profit rose 16 percent, helped by acquisitions and more sales of turbines, engines and contracts to service industrial equipment. Net income rose to $2.65 billion, or 80 cents a diluted share, compared with $2.28 billion, or 69 cents a share, in the period a year earlier. Revenue at G.E., which trails only the Microsoft Corporation in market value, rose 13 percent, to $27.2 billion from $24.14 billion.
p3219
aVGE Capital agreed yesterday to acquire J. C. Penney's private-label credit card unit for an undisclosed amount, increasing the number of accounts at its card services unit by about 50 percent, to 105 million. GE Capital, the financial arm of the General Electric Company, based in Stamford, Conn., said it would buy J. C. Penney's accounts receivable portfolio and credit card service operations, both of which will be added to GE Card Services. In 1998, J. C. Penney had credit card sales of $7.8 billion from 35 million accounts, and it employs about 2,800 people in 11 sites in the United States. GE Card Services currently has about 70 million private label credit card accounts. J. C. Penney's shares increased $1.1875 each, to $31.1875, on the New York Stock Exchange.
p3220
aVEver since the end of the cold war, Europe's fragmented military industry has come to resemble a ponderous mating rite in which the surprises came not so much from the urge to consolidate as from the partners ticking the dance card. The newest unexpected coupling came last week when DaimlerChrysler A.G. of Germany and Aerospatiale Matra S.A. of France agreed to merge. With annual sales of $22 billion, the cross-border European behemoth would rank as the world's third-largest aerospace company after the Boeing Company and the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
p3221
aVLG&E ENERGY CORP., Louisville, Kentucky's largest utility owner, agreed to buy six natural-gas turbines and six steam generators from General Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn., for a power plant it plans to build in Texas. Terms of the contract were not disclosed. ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC., Toronto, said it would buy back up to 12.1 million class B nonvoting shares of its stock. The buyback represents about 10 percent of the company's class B shares outstanding, or about $210 million.
p3222
aVPSINET INC., Herndon, Va., a provider of Internet services to businesses, agreed to buy part of the nationwide fiber optic network of IXC Communications Inc., Austin, Tex., to offer services in more markets. Terms were not disclosed.
p3223
aVFOR decades in the Pacific Northwest, hydroelectric dams have generated as much conflict as electricity. Many environmentalists, sports fishermen and Indian groups have opposed the relicensing of such dams and have succeeded in getting a few small ones taken down. The utilities, of course, backed by many of the businesses and farmers who depend on the cheap power, want the dams relicensed and left alone. To avoid bitter negotiations with their opponents, they have often opted for one-year license extensions.
p3224
aVUntil last month, Michael Loebl greeted his monthly electricity bill in much the same way as his taxes: too high, yet beyond his control. Not anymore. After being bombarded by television commercials and billboards from aspiring competitors, he dropped Frankfurt's long-time electric monopoly, Mainova A.G., and signed up with an upstart, Yello Strom. He expects the annual power bill for his modest row house to drop from about $860 to less than $700.
p3225
aVAs he nears the end of his career, Jack Welch is returning to General Electric's roots. He has agreed to raise $80 million to preserve historic sites associated with Thomas Alva Edison. ''Obviously, G.E. should be heavily involved in this campaign,'' Mr. Welch said last week, ''because several of G.E.'s modern businesses, including lighting, power generation and industrial systems, essentially were invented by Edison.'' The Edison General Electric company merged with the Thomas-Houston Company to form General Electric in 1892.
p3226
asS'199912'
p3227
(lp3228
VThe board of the General Electric Company approved a 3-for-1 stock split yesterday, raised its quarterly dividend 17 percent and increased its stock repurchase program by $5 billion. G.E.'s stock was up $4.375 yesterday, to $152. The stock split will be G.E.'s third in the last six years and its ninth ever. A shareholder vote was set for the April 26 annual meeting. G.E.'s quarterly dividend will rise to 41 cents a share from 35 cents. It is the 24th consecutive year the company's dividends have gone up. The dividend will be payable on Jan. 25 to shareholders of record at the close of business on Dec. 27. The company, which is based in Fairfield, Conn., has repurchased more than 300 million shares at a cost of $15 billion since the buyback program began in 1994.
p3229
aVHome Depot Inc., the largest United States retailer of home-improvement supplies, said yesterday that it would start selling large appliances like refrigerators and dishwaters at most of its United States stores next year. It will sell only appliances made by the Whirlpool Corporation and the General Electric Company, according to its chief administrative officer, Ronald M. Brill. The Atlanta-based retailer now sells such appliances in 38 markets, covering about 15 percent of its United States stores. Home Depot's largest rival, the Lowe's Companies, already sells appliances. Home Depot has more than 900 stores.
p3230
aVThe General Electric Company's GE Power Systems unit said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire Norwegian thermal power operations of Kvaerner for $70 million. The assets being acquired have combined annual revenue of about $250 million. GE Power Systems, based in Schenectady, N.Y., said the sale did not include Kvaerner's manufacturing division at Clydebank, Scotland, or its 49 percent stake in Masaood John Brown, a Middle Eastern joint venture. The transaction is expected to close in February. Kvaerner is Norway's largest publicly traded enterprise. In April, Kvaerner said it would concentrate on engineering and consulting, oil and gas, and construction businesses.
p3231
aVThe Cablevision Systems Corporation, a cable TV provider based in Bethpage, N.Y., plans to issue a tracking stock for its entertainment and programming unit, Rainbow Media Holdings, which includes three sports teams, Madison Square Garden and several cable channels. Cablevision hopes to issue the shares in mid-2000 to allow investors to evaluate the entertainment properties separately. Rainbow, 25 percent owned by NBC, a unit of General Electric, owns Bravo, American Movie Classics, Romance Classics and the Independent Film Channel; the New York Knicks basketball team; the New York Rangers hockey team; the New York Liberty of the Women's National Basketball Association; and the New York-based Clearview movie chain.
p3232
aVThe South Korean government said today that it was in talks to sell as much as a 25 percent stake in the Korea Heavy Industries and Construction Company, or Hanjung, to the General Electric Company and a unit of ABB Ltd., the Swiss-Swedish company. ''G.E. and ABB have proposed in writing the range of their interest in acquiring Hanjung,'' the minister of commerce, industry and energy, Chung Duck Koo, said. Officials at both General Electric and ABB declined to comment.
p3233
aVPower poles have always been a favorite perch for birds, especially eagles, hawks, owls and falcons which use them to spot their prey. About 150 of these raptors are electrocuted every year, but now the criminal prosecution of a Utah utility company for causing the deaths of birds has raised concerns among electric companies, particularly in the West.
p3234
aVMaybe George M. C. Fisher should feel pretty glum right about now. This is the man, after all, who in 1993 was hailed as the Eastman Kodak Company's shining star. Fresh from a successful stint as Motorola's chief, he was expected to steer Kodak from the frightened old-style photography company it had become into a robust, hugely profitable player in the digital imaging age.
p3235
aVThe Boeing Company said today that it had received orders for $11.6 billion in new jetliners, including 163 planes that had been previously ordered but not disclosed at customers' requests. Including today's announced orders, Boeing has 368 orders for 1999. Airbus Industrie of Europe, the only other major manufacturer of commercial jets, has about 420 firm orders for the year.
p3236
aVTwo units of the MacManus Group are making changes. Mediavest Worldwide in New York is restructuring after the recent appointment of Michael Moore as chairman and chief executive to succeed Irwin Gotlieb, who left to become worldwide chairman and chief executive at Mindshare in New York, a joint venture of the Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide and the J. Walter Thompson units of the WPP Group.
p3237
aVThe General Electric Company, which last split its shares in 1997, is likely to declare a stock split and raise its quarterly dividend as much as 15 percent at its board meeting on Friday, analysts said. The split, which is intended to make the shares more affordable, would be the company's ninth and would be the fifth since John F. Welch Jr. became chief executive in 1981.
p3238
asS'199712'
p3239
(lp3240
VThe General Electric Company said here Friday that it had increased its stock buyback program by $4 billion, to $17 billion, and raised its dividend 15 percent, signaling confidence to investors increasingly worried about slowing corporate profit. The company also adopted a program to let owners of G.E. shares buy stock directly and avoid brokerage fees.
p3241
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its fourth-quarter earnings would be reduced by about $2 billion before taxes. The earnings reduction is related to a reorganization of its industrial businesses to offset a $1.6 billion gain from its asset swap with the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
p3242
aVGE Capital Services agreed yesterday to buy a consumer credit and auto lender from the Swiss Bank Corporation for an undisclosed amount, its second acquisition in Switzerland this year. Bank Prokredit, bought by Swiss Bank in 1979, has 24 branches in Switzerland. The General Electric Company's finance unit agreed to buy Bank Prokredit from Swiss Bank to expand its finance business in Switzerland. GE Capital, based in Stamford, Conn., earlier this year bought Bank Aufina Ltd., an auto leasing and lending business, from Union Bank of Switzerland. Shares of General Electric fell $2.8125, to $71.0625.
p3243
aVThe General Electric Company got Justice Department approval today for its $600 million purchase of Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc.'s gas turbine unit by agreeing to license a new joint venture to perform maintenance and overhaul work. The agreement resolved Government concerns that the deal would reduce competition in the market for servicing G.E. marine and industrial engines. Right now, Stewart & Stevenson is the only company licensed to work on certain engines.
p3244
aVThe General Electric Company's financial unit has asked for permission to convert its state-chartered credit card bank to a Federal savings and loan, the Office of Thrift Supervision said today. The application marks the latest foray into banking by financial services companies prohibited from owning Federal commercial banks. Any company may own a single savings and loan.
p3245
aVBeatrice Smith has refinanced the mortgage on her small Atlanta home six times in the last decade. As a result, her monthly payment rose from $267 to $417 -- before she defaulted on the loan late last year. A 68-year-old former cleaning woman who lives alone on a monthly Social Security check of $709, Mrs. Smith said she initially refinanced her mortgage so she could pay some overdue bills. But she said she was not sure why she went through with the other ones.
p3246
aVGE CAPITAL SERVICES, Stamford, Conn., a unit of the General Electric Co., will acquire Industrial Risk Insurers, Hartford, a privately held provider of risk property insurance, for undisclosed terms. METALS USA INC., Houston, a metal processor, bought Royal Aluminum Inc. and R. J. Fabricating Inc. and agreed to buy Independent Metals Co. for stock, cash and assumed debt. The three companies have total annual revenue of $113 million.
p3247
aVBORDEN FOODS CORP., Columbus, Ohio, has agreed to sell its United States cheese business to Mid-America Dairymen Inc., Springfield, Mo., and its North American grocery products business to a group established by affiliates of E. M. Warburg, Pincus & Co. and the General Electric Co., for an undisclosed amount of cash.
p3248
aVAs he strolled through the lobby of the Palace Hotel in Manhattan recently, Albert J. Dunlap stopped to pass out copies of his autobiography, ''Mean Business,'' to the waitresses, bellhops and doormen. Minutes later, he paused to sign a copy for his chauffeur before being driven to interviews and promotional functions for the paperback release of the book, which lays out his hard-edged business philosophy and strategies.
p3249
aVBayer A.G. of Germany said today that it had agreed to form a joint venture with GE Plastics of the United States, combining their silicone businesses in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. GE Plastics, a unit of the General Electric Company, will hold a 50.1 percent stake, and Bayer will take the remaining 49.9 percent in the new company, which will be called GE Bayer Silicones. The new company is expected to have sales of 700 million marks, or $394 million, and employ about 900 people.
p3250
asS'199711'
p3251
(lp3252
VThe General Electric Company's appliance division will eliminate about 275 jobs in Louisville by the end of the year in an effort to cut costs. The cutbacks are part of the company's decision to eliminate about 450 salaried jobs worldwide, a company spokesman, Jim Allen, said today.
p3253
aVArtificial intelligence, or computer-based reasoning and problem solving, has, after years of hype and disappointments, begun to come of age in a few fields marked by clear rules and precise terms. It has been used to help doctors diagnose diseases; it has been used to beat the chess champion of the world. But another goal in artificial intelligence research has proved more elusive. For more than 25 years, experts in artificial intelligence in the United States and Western Europe have tried to figure out how to teach computers to think as lawyers do.
p3254
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC is cashing in its investment in Lockheed Martin with a big profit. For reasons that are not entirely clear, Wall Street seems to think that is good news for Lockheed Martin. G.E.'s investment, amounting to 13 percent of the aerospace conglomerate, dates to 1993, when G.E. sold its aerospace subsidiary. It has been an excellent investment for G.E., which has long had a reputation as a savvy investor.
p3255
aVMEPC P.L.C., Britain's third-largest property company, has sold 191 small British properties to the GE Capital Services unit of the General Electric Company of the United States for $:300 million ($501 million).
p3256
aVIT was culture shock from the moment that Stephen Rabinowitz became chief executive of the General Cable Corporation three years ago. A veteran of General Electric's ''boundary-less organization,'' Mr. Rabinowitz was horrified by this bloated company where the rigidly delineated groups that sold extension cords, telecommunications wires, building wires and other copper-based products acted like barely related fiefs, entitled to their own huge sales, finance and data infrastructures.
p3257
aVIn 1994, the Harvard Business Review featured a long interview with David R. Whitwam, the chief executive of the Whirlpool Corporation, entitled ''The Right Way to Go Global.'' In case anyone doubted the value of Mr. Whitwam's wisdom, a chart accompanied the article, showing how Whirlpool's returns to shareholders in the 1990's were far outdistancing those of the stock market in general.
p3258
aVThe Electro Rent Corporation said yesterday that it had bought GE Capital Technology Management Services' computer rental business for $241 million, a lower price than previously announced. In September, Electro Rent, which rents computers and other equipment for testing and measurement projects, had said it would buy a similar business run by GE Capital, a unit of the General Electric Company of Fairfield, Conn., for $320 million. The lower price reflects GE Capital's retention of some assets, Electro Rent said. The purchase will more than double the revenue, equipment value and employee base of Electro Rent, which is based in Van Nuys, Calif. The company had sales of $150.5 million in the year that ended on May 31.
p3259
aVWHEN Carmela DeBellis accidentally dropped a dust cloth into the lint filter of her dryer, she started calling repair services to come to her Florida home and fix the damage. ''They all wanted $45 or $50 just to come in the door,'' said Mrs. DeBellis, who is 72. ''I thought, 'There's got to be somebody who can help me.' ''
p3260
aVAfter four years and $24 million, the brothers Ben and Harold Rosen -- one a successful venture capitalist and the other a celebrated rocket scientist -- are abandoning a quixotic quest to remake the automobile industry. The brothers said yesterday that they were closing down Rosen Motors, a venture they founded in 1993 to create a car that would run on conventional gasoline but would have virtually none of the pollutants and twice the fuel economy of today's automobiles.
p3261
aVA RELISHED tax tactic still lives, though diminished. The Taxpayer Relief Act, enacted last summer, was widely reported to have killed a technique long used by savvy investors to preserve stock gains today but defer paying capital gains taxes on them for years.
p3262
asS'199710'
p3263
(lp3264
VThe General Electric Company reported a 13 percent gain in third-quarter profits yesterday, reflecting higher sales of spare parts and services by its equipment businesses. Profits for the quarter were $2.014 billion, or 62 cents a share, compared with $1.788 billion, or 54 cents a share, in the corresponding period a year ago. Revenues rose 10 percent, to $22 billion from $20 billion. The company is based in Fairfield, Conn.
p3265
aVVarian Associates Inc. said today that it had offered to purchase GE Medical Systems' radiotherapy service and customer support business for an undisclosed amount of cash. Varian, a high-technology company with interests in medical services and semiconductors, said it expected to close the transaction by the end of the year. GE Medical Systems is a unit of the General Electric Company. GE Medical Systems said the proposed sale included all of its radiotherapy service and customer support operations.
p3266
aVBoeing, General Electric and Executive Jet Inc. are forming a joint venture that will allow businesses and individuals to buy partial shares of new $40 million Boeing business jets to be introduced late next year. Executive Jet, which is based in Montvale, N.J., is the largest seller of time-share agreements that enable companies and individuals to fly on private planes for only a fraction of their multimillion-dollar price tags.
p3267
aVThe NBC Sports division of NBC, owned by the General Electric Company, has named Fallon McElligott Berlin in New York to advertise and promote coverage of the Olympics in 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006 and 2008. Billings were not disclosed.
p3268
aVThe Enron Corporation is seeking to take over the Pennsylvania service area of the Peco Energy Company, offering to lower customers' electric rates by 20 percent and assume $5.5 billion in Peco costs. Houston-based Enron has filed a plan with the Pennsylvania Public Service Commission asking to serve 1.5 million customers of Peco, which is based in Philadelphia. Pennsylvania is opening its electricity sales to competition for the first time.
p3269
aVA few years ago, Nina Bergan French started Sky+ to perfect and sell a still rough but promising new method for analyzing toxic metals that she had licensed from a Federal research laboratory. She was certain that the Clean Air Act of 1990 would provide a ready-made market. But the years passed and the Environmental Protection Agency still did not crack down on the metallic contaminants. Ms. French lost her license, and switched Sky+ to government consulting to pay her bills. Now, the E.P.A. is testing several monitoring devices, including the one Ms. French gave up, as it prepares to clamp down on airborne toxic metals. ''Finally, the E.P.A. may create a market for me,'' said Ms. French, who wants Sky+ to do environmental consulting work for industry.
p3270
aVThe Westinghouse Corporation is in talks to sell its power-generation units, its last industrial manufacturing businesses, people associated with the negotiations said yesterday. Siemens A.G., GEC Alsthom and Framatome S.A. -- all European nuclear and energy manufacturing companies -- have held talks or submitted bids to Westinghouse in recent months. The Westinghouse units could fetch as much as $4 billion.
p3271
aVWhen Rosenbluth International opened an office in Atlanta 12 years ago, it heralded its arrival with a billboard proclaiming, ''Rosenbluth has landed!'' ''We landed all right -- with a thud,'' said Hal F. Rosenbluth, the 45-year-old chairman of the giant travel services company. ''As far as I know, nobody in Atlanta knew or cared what Rosenbluth was.''
p3272
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financings this week has today's regular weekly auction of three- and six-month bills and sales of a five-year inflation-index note on Wednesday and a 52-week bill on Thursday. By the close of the New York cash market on Friday, traders said, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 4.88 percent and on a six-month bill, 5.00 percent, and the rate on the 52-week bill was 5.10 percent. The five-year inflation-index note was priced to yield 3.63 percent.
p3273
aVExecutives at Dow Jones & Company have met with potential partners or buyers of its troubled financial information services company, a person close to the company said yesterday. Bloomberg L.P. and Reuters Holdings P.L.C. are considered to be the most likely partners or buyers. A spokesman for Reuters declined to comment yesterday, as did Michael Bloomberg, chairman of Bloomberg.
p3274
asS'196712'
p3275
(lp3276
sS'196710'
p3277
(lp3278
sS'196711'
p3279
(lp3280
sS'196408'
p3281
(lp3282
sS'200901'
p3283
(lp3284
VThe Eaton Corporation, a diversified manufacturer, said late Tuesday that it planned to cut 5,200 jobs, or about 6 percent of its work force. A spokeswoman for Eaton, Kelly Jasko, said the latest cuts, combined with 3,400 layoffs announced in the second half of 2008, would bring the total number of staff cuts to 10 percent.
p3285
aVNEXT REAL ESTATE WOES Vacancy rates in office buildings exceed 10 percent in nearly every major American city, and are rising rapidly. The Urban Land Institute predicts 2009 will be the worst year for the commercial real estate market ''since the wrenching 1991-1992 industry depression.'' EXPECTING GRIM CAR SALES The six largest carmakers are expected to say on Monday that their sales in the United States fell at least 30 percent in December, capping what analysts say will be the worst year for selling autos since 1992. And they are facing 2009 with dread. [B1.]
p3286
asS'200903'
p3287
(lp3288
VGeneral Electric lost its top credit rating from Moody's Investors Service on Monday because of higher risks at the conglomerate's struggling GE Capital lending unit. The expected move follows a similar downgrade of G.E. this month by the ratings agency Standard & Poor's.
p3289
aV-- For much of the last 90 years, Kettering University honed its reputation as the West Point of the automobile industry, offering valuable work experience for its students at car companies and parts suppliers, and then virtually assuring them lucrative jobs upon graduation.
p3290
aVSweating a Test At Wells Fargo
p3291
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week included Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday. According to traders, at the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.19 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.41 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.08 percent.
p3292
aVA MADOFF CHAPTER CLOSES For the first time in public, Bernard L. Madoff admitted his guilt in a vast Ponzi scheme, and he apologized to his victims in court. Afterward, he was handcuffed and taken to jail to await sentencing. SPECIAL BAILOUT REQUEST Representative Maxine Waters, Democrat of California, helped set up a meeting in which the chief executive of a bank with financial ties to her husband, Sidney Williams, above, asked banking regulators for up to $50 million in bailout funds, Treasury officials said. [A1.]
p3293
aVTAX ON BONUSES Responding to public outrage, the House passed a 90 percent tax on bonuses paid to many workers at financial companies that were holding at least $5 billion in federal bailout money. A.I.G. employees say they are overwhelmed by the vitriol directed at them personally. [A1.]
p3294
aVWall Street ended a week of battering sell-offs on an mildly positive note as stock markets closed mostly higher despite a report showing that unemployment had surged to its highest level in 25 years. Underscoring the sweep of economic declines, the government reported Friday morning that the unemployment rate rose to 8.1 percent in February after the economy lost 651,000 jobs. The job losses were not as stark as revised totals from December and January, and stocks initially surged before pulling back during the day and finally recovering at the close.
p3295
aVPITCHING TRILLION-DOLLAR PLAN Obama administration officials were working to persuade reticent private investors to participate in a federal plan to buy as much as $1 trillion in troubled mortgages and related assets from financial institutions. THE OTHER HOLE IN A.I.G. Insurance companies rely heavily on their image of strength and stability. After the latest flare-up about the American International Group, the damage done to its brand is difficult to calculate. [B1.]
p3296
aVStocks dropped on Friday as investors worried about the consequences of efforts on Capitol Hill to claw back bonuses from firms that received government bailouts. Financial shares pulled down the broader markets, giving back many of their gains from earlier in the week. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 122.42 points, or 1.65 percent, to 7,278.38, while the broader Standard & Poor's 500-stock index lost 15.5 points, or 1.98 percent, to 768.54. The technology-heavy Nasdaq composite index declined 26.21 points, or 1.77 percent, to 1,457.27.
p3297
aVFOR years, television viewers, journalists who write about TV and services that compile listings have wondered how to refer to a certain cable network: Sci Fi Channel? Sci-Fi Channel? SciFi Channel? SCI FI Channel? Soon, to paraphrase Rod Serling -- whose vintage series, ''The Twilight Zone,'' is a mainstay of the Sci Fi Channel -- executives will submit for public approval another name, not only of sight and sound but of mind, meant to signal a channel whose boundaries are that of imagination. That's the signpost up ahead -- your next stop, Syfy.
p3298
asS'198708'
p3299
(lp3300
VLEAD: The Lear Siegler Holdings Corporation said that it would sell two of its aerospace units for $205 million to General Electric Company P.L.C. of London, a maker of navigation equipment. The units involved in the deal are the Astronics Corporation of Santa Monica, Calif., which makes flight control systems, and the Developmental Sciences Corporation of Ontario, Calif., which makes remotely piloted vehicles.
p3301
aVLEAD: Sweden's Seco Tools A.B., a subsidiary of Sandvik A.B., said today it had acquired Carboloy Systems Products from the General Electric Company for an undisclosed price. Carboloy is one of the three leading American companies producing cutting machines, Seco said. The takeover will give Seco an important entry into the American market, the company said.
p3302
aVLEAD: British Rail, the state-owned transportation company, said it had invited six bidders, including the General Motors Corporation and the General Electric Company, to compete for a contract to supply it with 100 diesel locomotives for hauling freight.
p3303
aVLEAD: A General Electric executive will assume management responsibilities at the National Broadcasting Company directly under Robert C. Wright, the G.E. veteran who became NBC's president after G.E. acquired the broadcasting concern last year.
p3304
aVLEAD: ASEA A.B. of Sweden and BBC Brown Boveri of Switzerland announced a merger today that analysts said was the most signficant development in the electrical equipment industry in years.
p3305
aVLEAD: British Airways said today that it would buy 11 Boeing 767 aircraft worth $795 million, instead of planes built by Boeing's European rival, Airbus Industrie. But British Airways put off the sensitive decision on whether to spend an additional $1 billion on American or European longer-range jets.
p3306
aVLEAD: Last year, fed up with what it claimed were high rates, the Chicago suburb of Geneva, Ill., stopped buying power from the local electric company, Commonwealth Edison, and began buying from the Wisconsin Electric Power Company.
p3307
aVLEAD: Reaching again for a large military supplier, the Texas oilman T. Boone Pickens announced today that his Mesa Limited Partnership owns the equivalent of 4.4 percent of the Singer Company and may buy up to 15 percent of the aerospace and electronics manufacturer.
p3308
aVLEAD: Kidder, Peabody & Company issued a statement yesterday confirming that it had decided to pay all legal bills, back salary and resume the salary of Richard B. Wigton, who had been charged earlier with insider trading.
p3309
aVLEAD: When Pacificorp, which is based in Portland, Ore., agreed to acquire the Utah Power and Light Company last week, analysts said the deal might portend similar consolidations within the utility industry. David F. Bolender, president of Pacific Power and Light, Pacificorp's principal operating subsidiary, hopes the merger does just that.
p3310
asS'200611'
p3311
(lp3312
VGeneral Electric said its Indian unit was growing strongly and expected to post sales of $3 billion in 2008 and $8 billion by 2010, up from $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion this year. Scott R. Bayman, the chief executive of GE India, said the company also expected to have $8 billion in assets in India by 2010. GE India has operations including financial services, health care, technology and back-office services in India. SARITHA RAI (NYT)
p3313
aVWal-Mart shoppers got another early Christmas present yesterday when the retailer cut prices on appliances a week after reducing them on electronics and before that, toys. Wal-Mart Stores -- worried that holiday sales could be sluggish -- has been aggressively slashing prices in a strategy that many of its rivals seem likely to follow, turning a boon for consumers into what may be a bane for retail profits. Wal-Mart announced discounts ranging from around 7 percent to 17 percent on roughly 50 small home appliances, including General Electric microwaves and programmable coffee makers. The prices are effective immediately through Christmas, the company said. Last Friday, Wal-Mart cut prices on almost 100 electronics items, and in October it introduced discounts on more than 100 toys.
p3314
aVACCUSATIONS OF PRETEXTING -- At least five vocal critics of Allied Capital, which provides loans to small companies, said they were victims of pretexting, or improperly impersonating an individual to obtain confidential information. [Page C1.] THE SEARCH FOR OIL -- As oil consumption grows and access to most oil-rich regions becomes increasingly restricted, companies are venturing farther out into the Gulf of Mexico, drilling deeper than ever in their quest for energy. [C1.] L.A. TIMES EDITOR FORCED OUT -- Dean Baquet, the editor of The Los Angeles Times who defied an order from his corporate bosses to cut more jobs, was forced out of his job, shocking his newsroom just as it was gearing up to cover election returns. [C1.] DISTRESS IN LAGUNA BEACH -- Three years after MTV set up shop in Southern California to chronicle the lives and travails of wealthy Laguna Beach High School seniors, whose concerns appear to center chiefly on sexual encounters and fashion accessories, some residents are saying enough is enough. [A16.] FEDEX CANCELS AIRBUS ORDER -- FedEx canceled an order for 10 Airbus A380s, becoming the first customer to abandon the superjumbo jet after production delays. [C3.] OFFICIALS CLEARED IN CRASH -- A French court cleared five former aviation officials and an ex-Airbus executive of all criminal charges linked to the crash of a passenger jet in the mountains near the German border almost 15 years ago. [A4.] TOYOTA SET TO OVERTAKE G.M. -- Toyota Motor's profit for the last three months rose 34 percent, the company said, as it released a forecast showing that it is on track to become the world's biggest auto company as early as 2007. Toyota officials raised their sales forecast for the fiscal year ending March 2007 to 8.47 million vehicles, a forecast that would easily put it ahead of General Motors as the world's biggest carmaker. [C10.] AUDIT FIRMS WANT RELIEF -- The heads of the six largest audit firms in the world issued a call for relaxed liability standards, in the apparent beginning of a campaign to protect their franchise while reducing the risk that bad audits could bankrupt one or more of the firms. [C3.] ARREST IN BANK SALE -- A former head of the Korea Exchange Bank was arrested as prosecutors expanded an investigation into whether the bank was sold illegally to Lone Star Funds three years ago. The former president, Lee Kang-won, left, faces accusations that he helped falsify documents to overstate the precariousness of the bank's financial state and sell it for less than fair value. [C10.] G.M. REVISES EARNINGS -- General Motors has revised its third-quarter earnings to show that it lost $24 million less in the third quarter than previously reported because of additional loan sales by its financing subsidiary. [C3.] VOLKSWAGEN OUSTS CHIEF -- Volkswagen ousted its chief executive, Bernd Pischetsrieder, six months after he appeared to win an internal power struggle by signing a new contract. [C3.] CONSUMER BORROWING PLUMMETS -- Consumer borrowing fell in September by the most since the recession in the early 1990s, weakened by a huge drop in auto loans, a report from the Federal Reserve said. [C4.] POWER COMPANIES IN DEAL -- The Baldor Electric Company, which makes electric motors, drives and generators, agreed to acquire the power systems business of Rockwell Automation for $1.8 billion, mostly in cash. [C4.] VIDEO ADS IN REGIONAL THEATERS -- Seven major regional theaters around the country have put television screens in their lobbies to carry information and advertising, part of a move to develop a video network for advertisers. Advertising. [C6.] FLAT SALES AT VIVENDI -- Vivendi posted flat third-quarter sales growth, slightly below forecasts, as poor trading at its SFR mobile unit and its music business counteracted solid revenue from video games and Maroc Telecom. [C6.] NORTEL ANNOUNCES REVERSE SPLIT -- Nortel Networks, the telecommunications equipment maker in the midst of a prolonged restructuring, said it planned to complete a 1-for-10 reverse stock split by the end of the month. It also announced a narrowing of its quarterly loss. [C11.] SHARES RISE ON ELECTION -- Stocks rose for a second day on anticipation that Democrats would take control of one or both houses of Congress in yesterday's election, forestalling new regulations and curbing government spending. [C13.]
p3315
aVTRYING TO REGULATE AN ARMY -- For years, companies including Avon Products, Herbalife and Amway have prospered by building armies of part-time sales representatives promoting insurance plans and anti-aging creams. Those representatives, in turn, are encouraged to recruit others and are promised that they will receive a portion of new enlistees' profits. The companies profit, at least in part, by collecting increased revenue and fees paid by new sales representatives. In April, citing hundreds of fraud investigations, the Federal Trade Commission proposed new rules for multilevel marketing companies and related businesses. [Page C1.] SHORTCUT TO FASHION -- For fashionistas in lower tax brackets, reproducing the latest hip look from Lindsay Lohan or Paris Hilton can mean endless clicking through online retail sites and hit-or-miss searches on Google or shopping engines like Shopping.com. Now a new search site, Like.com, offers a shortcut for the budget-minded. The site and its chief executive, Munjal Shah, left, rely on artificial-intelligence technology to search images on the Web, and serve up goods for sale that visually match items on a shopper's wish list. E-Commerce Report, Bob Tedeschi. [C4.] LIFE IN THE STUDIO -- In an era when producers, directors and popular actors are required to toe a stricter line, even Jerry Bruckheimer, the producer, is feeling the squeeze. His contribution to Disney cannot be underestimated. He has produced 17 films for the studio since 1991. They have brought in $5 billion. As part of a shift under Robert A. Iger, the new Disney chief executive, the studio pledged to make fewer films and focus on family-friendly movies that are marketable across all the company's businesses. That means Mr. Bruckheimer is now in the onscreen amusement park business. [C1.] MOVING ON AFTER XBOX -- The hoopla was still swelling around November's debut of the Xbox 360, when some on its development team began conceiving a new product. Tomorrow, after committing hundreds of millions of dollars, Microsoft is scheduled to release the result of that research: the Zune. At a glance, it looks like yet another aspiring iPod rival. But the Zune can do something that no other player can claim: it can locate other Zune players and wirelessly exchange content with a few touches of a big shiny button. [C1.] MUSIC FILLS THE AIR -- The upscale department store Nordstrom, which has taken a chance on up-and-coming designers, is now betting on a different set of rising stars: musicians. Beginning this holiday season, the retailer will develop and sell a collection of CDs that, over time, is expected to rival the one carried by Starbucks, its corporate neighbor in Seattle. [C11.] TAKING A NEW PATH -- Two big advertisers known for following traditional ways of marketing products are expanding their efforts to become a little less conventional. Both, coincidentally, share the same creative and media agencies, which are also trying to demonstrate their eagerness to explore the brave world of new media. The advertisers are the General Electric Company and the Pepsi-Cola North America unit of PepsiCo. The agencies are both part of the Omnicom Group: BBDO Worldwide in New York for the creative parts of the campaigns and OMD for the media elements. Everyone on Madison Avenue ''is looking to push the envelope, find what is going to be the next big thing,'' said Jennifer Gordineer, group director for national investment on the PepsiCo account at OMD. Advertising, Stuart Elliott. [C8.] GETTING A SECOND CHANCE -- Even adults, it seems, are getting a little sick of their childhoods, long after everyone else has. So TV Land, the network best-known for reruns of ''The Andy Griffith Show,'' is unveiling programming to appeal to what the network sees as one of the next obsessions for baby boomers: optimism about having second careers and changing lifestyles. Having recently produced reality shows with Farrah Fawcett and Mr. T, the network, which is owned by Viacom, is now turning its cameras on George Foreman, the former heavyweight boxing champion-turned-grill purveyor. [C10.] FINANCING FOR ETHANOL -- The Mascoma Corporation, a company that is trying to produce ethanol from nontraditional sources, has received $30 million from a group of prominent venture capital investors. The investment, which is led by General Catalyst Partners, and includes Khosla Ventures, Flagship Ventures, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and others, is the latest in a string of venture capital financings of alternative energy companies. Khosla and Flagship invested $9 million in Mascoma earlier this year. [C4.]
p3316
asS'200610'
p3317
(lp3318
VThe circulation of the nation's daily newspapers plunged during the latest reporting period in one of the sharpest declines in recent history, according to data released yesterday. The slide continues a decades-long trend and adds to the woes of a mature industry already struggling with layoffs and facing the potential sale of some of its flagships. Over all, average daily circulation dropped by 2.8 percent during the six-month period ended Sept. 30, compared with the period last year, according to an industry analysis of data released by the Audit Bureau of Circulations. Circulation for Sunday papers fell by 3.4 percent.
p3319
aVThe Ceridian Corporation, a payroll and employee benefits company based in Minneapolis, has named a former banker, Kathryn V. Marinello, 50, as its president and chief executive. Ms. Marinello had been president of General Electric Fleet Services, also based in Minnesota.
p3320
aVCHRYSLER'S FUTURE -- DaimlerChrysler executives refused to rule out the possibility that the Chrysler Group could be spun off or sold, after Chrysler announced that it lost $1.5 billion in the quarter. Though there are no indications that such a spin-off is imminent, the possibility of a sale is the latest sign of upheaval in the American auto industry. [Page C1.] DILLER HAS HIGHEST PAY -- Two surveys have named Barry Diller, chairman and chief executive of the Internet retailing company IAC/Interactive, this year's highest-paid executive. Both were critical of his pay relative to the company's performance, but Mr. Diller said his compensation was appropriate, considering ''the wealth created for shareholders over the last 11 years, me certainly among them.'' [C1.] CLEAR CHANNEL MAY GO PRIVATE -- The Mays Family, which built Clear Channel Communications into the country's largest network of radio stations through decades of acquisitions, is in negotiations to be taken private by a consortium of investors for more than $18.5 billion, according to people involved in the talks. [C1.] FED TAKES NO ACTION -- Saying that the economy was likely to continue growing at a ''moderate pace,'' the Federal Reserve held its benchmark interest rate steady and gave investors reason to think that the rate could remain at its current level for months to come. [C1.] STOCKS EDGE UP -- Wall Street managed a tiny gain, enough to give the Dow Jones industrial average another record close, after the Fed stoked some fears of inflation pressures but implied that it was not intent on raising interest rates. [C15.] CASINOS RETURN TO INDIANA -- After a six-decade absence, casino gaming makes its return next month to the French Lick valley in Southern Indiana, once famous for luxury resorts that attracted the elite. [A14.] 'GOOGLEBOMBING' THE CANDIDATES -- Fifty or so Republican candidates have been made targets in a sophisticated ''Google bombing'' campaign intended to game the search engine's ranking algorithms by forcing negative articles about them to the top of search results. [A18.] TAKING CONTROL OF IMCLONE -- Carl C. Icahn won control of the cancer drug developer ImClone Systems after a two-month proxy battle. [C3.] SHIFT POSSIBLE ON NYSE BOARD -- Eager to win approval for a deal to acquire Euronext, John Thain, chief executive of the New York Stock Exchange, said he would be open to having more Europeans on the board of the combined exchange. [C3.] COLGATE-PALMOLIVE SLIPS -- Colgate-Palmolive said its third-quarter profit slipped 1 percent because of restructuring charges. [C6.] PAULEY SUES THE TIMES -- The television news anchor Jane Pauley has sued The New York Times, saying she was misled to believe she was being interviewed for an article on mental health when she actually was being featured in an advertising supplement. [C7.] WAL-MART DROPS AGENCY -- Wal-Mart is sending a clear signal that it wants to change the way it speaks -- and sells -- to consumers, by cutting ties to a long-time ad agency for the second time in less than three months. Stuart Elliot: Advertising. [C8.] G.M. NARROWS LOSS -- General Motors reported its smallest quarterly loss in nearly two years but conceded that its turnaround remains in the early stages. [C13.] HONDA PROFIT DOWN -- Honda Motor said second-quarter profit fell 4.3 percent after a 30.6 billion yen ($257 million) loss on derivatives. [C13.] KRAFT SPINOFF STILL IN PLAY -- The Altria Group said it would finalize its long-anticipated decision to spin off Kraft Foods on Jan. 31, despite concerns about tobacco litigation. [C15.] WELCH WEIGHING OFFER FOR GLOBE -- John F. Welch Jr., below, the former chief of General Electric, and Jack Connors, the co-founder of the Boston advertising firm Hill Holliday, are exploring the possibility of making an offer to buy The Boston Globe from The New York Times Company. The New York Times Company says The Globe is not for sale. [C3.] BOEING'S NET FALLS SHARPLY -- Boeing said its third-quarter earnings fell 31 percent and that its 787 jet program would be more expensive than expected. [C7.] CONOCOPHILLIPS EARNINGS INCH UP -- Third-quarter profit at ConocoPhillips inched higher but missed Wall Street's expectations as increased output tied to its acquisition of Burlington Resources was offset by higher taxes and reduced earnings from refining. [C15.] JACK E. SCHOLL DIES -- Jack E. Scholl, who helped lead his family's pioneering foot-care company as it went public in the 1970's, died at his home in Northbrook. Ill. He was 80. [A21.]
p3321
aVCHARGES IN HEWLETT CASE -- Patricia C. Dunn, the former chairwoman of Hewlett-Packard, and four other people were charged with felonies for illegally obtaining private phone records of company directors, journalists and others. [Page A1.] WHEN LEAK QUERIES STARTED -- The former Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carleton S. Fiorina ordered the first of a series of leak investigations into contacts by board members with journalists in January 2005, according to her memoir, ''Tough Choices'', which is scheduled to be published on Monday. [C1.] OPTIONS BACKDATING AT APPLE -- Apple Computer said an internal review of its stock option practices found that Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive, knew that the company was backdating options to increase their value. [C1.] G.M. MERGER TALKS END -- General Motors called off its talks for an alliance with Nissan and Renault after the Japanese and French companies refused to pay billions of dollars to cement the deal. [C1.] 'CORRECTION' IN HOUSING -- The Federal Reserve chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, left, said the United States housing market was in a ''substantial correction'' that would lop about a percentage point off economic growth in the second half and would restrain the expansion next year. ''There is currently a substantial correction going on in the housing market,'' Mr. Bernanke said. The decline in residential housing construction is one of the ''major drags that is causing the economy to slow.'' [C11.] SURVIVING A SIDE-IMPACT CRASH -- A driver's risk of being killed in a side-impact crash decreases by more than a third if the vehicle has head-protecting side-curtain air bags, according to a study of accident data by the Insurance Institute for Highway. [C13.] SHARES RALLY FOR ANOTHER RECORD -- Shares rallied the most in seven weeks, as the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index set a five-year high and the Dow Jones industrial average climbed above 11,800 for the first time. Nasdaq shares rose more than 2 percent, their highest level in five months. [C15.] SIGNS OF SLUGGISH ECONOMY -- In further signs of a sluggish economy, orders to factories for manufactured goods were weak for a second month and activity in service industries was the slowest in more than three years. [C11.] PROBLEMS FOR HEDGE FUNDS -- Hedge funds -- investments for institutions like pension funds and endowments and the wealthy -- have hit a rough patch. Returns for many hedge funds, which are supposed to be the market beaters, have paled in comparison to stocks. And yet investors have hardly blinked. Eager for the rich, if not always predictable, returns that hedge funds promise, they continue to pour money into them and hope the next fund with a big problem will not be one of theirs. [C1.] NEW TACTICS IN THE KPMG CASE -- Prosecutors shifted tactics in the KPMG tax shelter case, taking steps to try 18 defendants in two separate groups, one of former partners and executives and one of more junior employees. [C11.] VW BUYS TRUCK STAKE -- The German automaker Volkswagen said it had bought a 15 percent stake in the Austrian truck maker MAN, part of an effort to build a three-way alliance with MAN, Scania of Sweden and its own truck business. Earlier this month, MAN, which is based in Munich, made a $12.2 billion hostile bid for Scania, in which Volkswagen already owns an 18.7 percent stake. Scania's management and Volkswagen rejected that bid. [C13.] WAL-MART DROPS ESTIMATE -- Wal-Mart Stores unexpectedly lowered its estimate for monthly growth in sales at stores open at least a year after discovering mistakes in calculations. [C3.] ICAHN OPPOSED IMCLONE DEAL -- ImClone Systems accused the billionaire investor Carl C. Icahn of sabotaging a proposal from a big drug maker to acquire it, but Mr. Icahn said he had opposed the deal because the offering price was too low. [C5.] PUBLIC SCHOOLS, PRIVATE MANAGEMENT -- In what would be the biggest change yet to the way New York City's school system is administered, officials are considering plans to hire private groups to manage scores of public schools at taxpayer expense. [A1.] OUTSOURCING SECURITY BREACHES -- India's outsourcing industry with its expanding base of American and European customers, has suffered a series of security breaches, tarnishing its reputation. [C15.] ONLINE DEALBOOK -- A report on mergers and acquisitions, up-to-the-minute news on Wall Street and a look at the behind-the-scenes maneuvering is at nytimes.com/dealbook. Business Briefing Articles on these developments are at nytimes.com/business. SHARES OF STARBUCKS soared yesterday, even before the company announced that its September sales growth figures trounced Wall Street estimates and that it had opened more than 2,000 new stores in its latest fiscal year. (AP) THE SHAW GROUP, a provider of engineering and construction services for the energy, chemical and construction industries, announced plans to pay $1.08 billion for a 20 percent stake in the group acquiring Westinghouse Electric. (AP)
p3322
aVRed Bull energy drinks stowed out of sight of the cameras, the men of CNBC's ''Fast Money,'' four financial traders and the ringmaster, Dylan Ratigan, began their pumped-up, sound effects-laden dissection of the day's business news. In the control room, Susan Krakower, who created the show with Mr. Ratigan and is its temporary executive producer, scolded the staff when an interview with Jeff Zucker, the chief executive of CNBC's parent, NBC Universal Television Group, stretched to three minutes.
p3323
asS'200907'
p3324
(lp3325
sS'199604'
p3326
(lp3327
VThe General Electric Company reported yesterday that first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, fueled for the fifth consecutive quarter by strong profit increases at its NBC television and plastics units. Net income at the industrial and financial services company rose to $1.52 billion, or 91 cents a share, from $1.37 billion, or 81 cents, a year ago.
p3328
aVThe General Motors Corporation's parts subsidiary, Delphi Automotive Systems, said yesterday that it would sell three North American plants and close a fourth in an effort to become more profitable. Delphi plans to sell its electrical and lighting plants in Livonia, Mich.; and Oshawa and Windsor, Ontario, and close a generator plant in Albany, Ga., that employs about 500 workers. They will be offered transfers to another plant in Flint, Mich., that will take over the Albany plant's work, Delphi said. Delphi also said it would seek a partner for a plant in Flint. The company has said that it plans to increase its business outside North America, and with customers other than General Motors. On Tuesday, Delphi Packard Electric Systems said it would build a $17 million plant and service center in Guangzhou, China, to make automotive electronics for export to Europe and for Chinese car makers.
p3329
aVThe Honda Motor Company said yesterday that it would introduce a two-seat electric car in California in the spring of 1997. The declaration makes Honda the second auto maker with plans to offer a specially made electric car. The General Motors Corporation plans to begin selling and leasing its EV-1 model in Arizona and California this fall.
p3330
aVThe General Electric Corporation is in talks with an investment group led by Goldman, Sachs & Company to buy the 1.3 million square feet of space that G.E. leases in Rockefeller Center, people familiar with the discussions said yesterday. If G.E. paid the average rate for midtown Manhattan real estate, which according to National Real Estate Index is $234 per square foot, the purchase would have an indicated value of $305 million.
p3331
aVHoping to make computer transactions a common way for companies to conduct business with one another, two leading Internet players, GE Information Services and Netscape Communications, said yesterday that they had formed a new software company. The new joint venture, Actra Business Systems, will focus on creating industry-standard, Internet-based applications that will allow businesses to exchange purchasing and supply forms, messages, orders and payments and electronic catalogues. Company officials said they hoped to deliver their first new products within a year.
p3332
aVCAPITAL CITIES/ABC INC., New York, which is owned by the Walt Disney Company, said that Michael P. Mallardi, president of its broadcast group, would retire in June and that his post would be eliminated. And James A. Acara, president of Capital Cities/ABC radio division, would also retire. Robert Callahan succeeds Mr. Acara.
p3333
aVThe Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation agreed yesterday to buy the Washington Central Railroad Company, which operates two stretches of track in Washington state, for about $40 million in stock and cash. One of the lines connects the 234 miles of track between Kennewick and Cle Elum, and an 85-mile segment connects Connell to Moses Lake. In a second deal, Burlington Northern, which is based in Fort Worth, said it would buy 150 new locomotives from the General Electric Company for about $200 million. Burlington Northern will use the engines to replace less efficient ones. Burlington Northern stock rose $2, to $84.50, yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
p3334
aVAllied Signal Inc. said yesterday that its aerospace business had received $1.1 billion in contracts to supply aircraft parts and avionics. The largest pact, valued at $700 million, came from GE Capital Aviations Services, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company. Under the deal, Allied Signal Aerospace will supply auxiliary power units, wheels, brakes and avionics for as many as 254 Boeing 737 aircraft GE Capital plans to buy. Allied Signal said it also received a contract, valued at $250 million, from Singapore Airlines to supply air turbine starters, wheels, brakes, and avionics equipment for as many as 61 Boeing 777 aircraft. Malaysia Airlines' order was for more than $100 million to supply components for up to 17 Boeing 777 and up to 13 Boeing 747-400 aircraft. And Allied Signal also agreed to supply TPE331-12 turboprop engines to Construcciones Aeronauticas S.A., a unit of Northrop Grumman, for about $54 million. The Spanish company will use the engines to power its 212-400 aircraft.
p3335
aVUTILITY funds were among the poorest performers in the first quarter, hit by the same surge in interest rates that briefly sent the stock market reeling. Though the broad market more than recovered, the stocks of electric utilities did not, and analysts say fears of another rate increase will probably continue to depress the sector. Utility funds, which typically have a third of their assets in electric utilities, finished the quarter virtually where they started, thanks to other holdings that acted as a bit of a buffer. Still, disappointed investors continued to pull money out of the funds as they have for much of the last year. In a sign of just how out of favor the category is, the Dreyfus Corporation announced that it would liquidate its five-year-old Edison Electric Index Fund this month.
p3336
aVThe Federal Aviation Administration said today that it had terminated its $475 million contract for air-navigation equipment with Wilcox Electric Inc., a part of the Thomson-CSF unit of Thomson S.A. of France. It said the contract had been terminated "for the convenience of the Government."
p3337
asS'200909'
p3338
(lp3339
VFRANKFURT -- The electric car is at the starting line, and the gun is about to sound. Now automakers must prove that the technology -- and the market -- are ready. After years of talk and prototypes, some automobile manufacturers say they believe they have reached the moment when the electric vehicle is poised to become more than just a science experiment.
p3340
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week included Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday. According to traders, at the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.08 percent. The rate on the six-month issue 0.19 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.02 percent.
p3341
asS'200908'
p3342
(lp3343
VThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week included Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday. According to traders, at the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 0.17 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.28 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.13 percent.
p3344
asS'196402'
p3345
(lp3346
sS'196403'
p3347
(lp3348
sS'199602'
p3349
(lp3350
VA group led by the Fluor Corporation won a contract yesterday to build a $4.8 billion bullet train linking major Florida cities -- Miami, Orlando and Tampa -- over the next decade. The group, Florida Overland Express, plans to provide rail service at speeds up to 220 m.p.h. between Miami and Orlando by 2004. Florida has committed $1.75 billion to the project; another $3 billion would be financed with tax-exempt bonds. Florida Overland Express includes Fluor and Odebrecht S.A. of Brazil. Each would each have a one-third stake. The other partners are Bombardier of Canada and GEC Alsthom, co-owned by Alcatel Alsthom of France and the General Electric Company of Britain.
p3351
aVShoppers flock to the four L.L. Bean stores in Japan for the latest in rugged American fashions. And with each sale of a parka or pair of boots, the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company chalks up another import. Japan's L.L. Bean shops were opened by Matsushita, the giant maker of Panasonic electronics products, as part of its five-year program, begun in 1988, to voluntarily reduce its contribution to the country's huge trade surplus. Besides Bean gear, Matsushita also imports Famous Grouse Scotch, Schweppes beverage concentrate and other products completely unrelated to the electronics business to pad its imports.
p3352
aVThe News Corporation is joining the growing roster of communications companies that are shelving their on-line services and placing their bets on the Internet. Executives close to the News Corporation said yesterday that the company's on-line service, News Corp. Internet, would dismiss nearly half its 515 employees today. The cutbacks will come a week after MCI Communications announced that it would reduce its 50 percent stake in the service, and would back a rival on-line service just started by the Microsoft Corporation.
p3353
aVThe General Motors Corporation's Delphi Automotive Systems unit has formed a majority-owned venture to build brake components and systems in China. The venture with the Zhejiang Asia-Pacific Machine and Electric Group Company is expected to have a total investment of about $20 million. Zhejiang Asia-Pacific, also known as Yatai, is one of the largest brake manufacturers in China and the dominant drum brake supplier to the Chinese truck automotive market, Delphi said.
p3354
aVAlan Cohen, executive vice president for marketing at NBC television in New York, will join ABC in the new position of executive vice president for marketing. And Peter Chrisanthopoulos, who had been executive vice president for research, marketing and promotion at the ABC network in New York, is joining Ogilvy & Mather U.S. At ABC, which is being acquired by the Walt Disney Company, Mr. Cohen, 39, will be responsible for establishing a department to direct the consumer, advertising and affiliate marketing efforts for the network. At NBC, a unit of the General Electric Company, Mr. Cohen helped develop large promotional campaigns that were co-sponsored by consumer marketers.
p3355
aVThe president of Fox Television News, Joe Peyronnin, has resigned, the News Corporation, Fox's parent company, said yesterday. Neither the company nor Mr. Peyronnin, who was president less than a year, would say why he had resigned. A letter to colleagues from Mr. Peyronnin said only that he had decided to "move on."
p3356
aVThe Ford Motor Company said today that it would sell nearly 20 percent of its consumer finance company, the Associates First Capital Corporation, in an effort to sharpen its focus on car and truck manufacturing. Ford plans to sell 19.8 percent of Associates First in an initial public offering of stock.
p3357
aVThe New York Stock Exchange said yesterday that it had disciplined Edward A. Cerullo, a former supervisor of Joseph Jett, the trader accused of creating false bond trading profits totaling $350 million. The exchange suspended Mr. Cerullo, a former executive managing director of Kidder, Peabody & Company and former chief of its fixed-income trading, from any supervisory position in the securities industry for a year. He is also to pay a $50,000 penalty.
p3358
aVWHAT'S a good used shipyard worth? That question is much on the minds of the shareholders of Tenneco Inc., one of the last big industrial conglomerates. Tenneco, which has interests ranging from gas pipelines to auto parts to packaging materials, also owns the Newport News Shipbuilding yard in Virginia. The yard is huge -- the only place on earth capable of building a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier.
p3359
aVBREAN MURRAY FOSTER SECURITIES INC. has leased 35,000 square feet at 570 Lexington Avenue, the landmarked Art Deco building that was for many years the headquarters of the General Electric Company. The 15-year lease, for space on the 11th and 12th floors of the 50-floor building, was valued at more than $14 million. Brean Murray will be moving to the building, between 50th and 51st Streets, from 26,000 square feet at 633 Third Avenue, between 40th and 41st Streets. It has been subleasing that space from the Mobil Oil Corporation.
p3360
asS'198211'
p3361
(lp3362
VThe General Dynamics Corporation reported yesterday that strong gains by its aerospace group lifted net income in the third quarter 39.9 percent as sales advanced 29.2 percent. The St. Louis-based company said that net income in the latest three months advanced to $51.4 million, or 94 cents a share, from $36.9 million. Sales increased to $1.55 billion from $1.20 billion.
p3363
aNaVKeith P. Mazurek, the recently elected chairman and chief executive officer of the financially troubled Sun Electric Corporation, says he is especially looking forward to the new year. One reason is that effective Jan.1, Mr. Mazurek will officially succeed Louis G. Langpop, 61, who will retire after 40 years with Sun Electric but will continue as chairman of the board's executive committee. ''I'm glad to get this year behind us,'' said the 58-year-old Mr. Mazurek, who now serves as president and chief operating officer at Sun Electric. ''We've revamped our organizational structure, frozen salaries, reduced costs, closed plants and branch offices and changed our product offerings. We're looking forward to a fresh start.''
p3364
aV* American Can Co. said it had set Nov. 29 as the record date for determining what shareholders will be entitled to vote at a special meeting schedule in January; shareholders are to vote on a proposed securities issue. * CCI Corp. announced that its board had approved a plan under which the company will be acquired by a group of senior CCI officers for $16 a share.
p3365
aVAEROSPACE Boeing Co. $2,057,000 -7 $69,000 -26 Cessna Aircraft Co. 140,714 -46 (5,446) ... Fairchild Industries 231,000 -24 6,500 -55 Lockheed Corp. 1,313,900 +5 55,100 +167 McDonnell Douglas Corp 1,830,000 +3 55,500 +7 Northrop Corp. 705,100 +35 16,500 +560 United Technologies Corp. 3,306,500 -1 113,200 -9 AIRLINES American Airlines 1,127,948 +2 17,806 -51 Delta Air Lines 876,500 -2 (16,100) ... Eastern Air Lines 956,100 +6 (32,800) ... Northwest Airlines 574,995 +9 27,010 +54 Pan American World Airways 1,053,900 0 (28,900) ... Republic Airlines 397,200 +8 (5,800) ... Trans World Corp. 1,479,050 +1 87,195 +18 UAL Inc. 1,470,136 +8 102,351 +1,319 Western Air Lines 300,500 +2 3,400 * APPLIANCES Maytag Co. 120,089 +8 11,015 0 Singer Co. 605,200 -10 (4,780) ... Whirlpool Corp. 589,744 -9 36,742 -10 White Consolidated 470,500 -10 6,200 -54 Zenith Radio Corp. 317,200 -9 1,900 -69 AUTOMOBILES American Motors Corp. 754,300 +16 (30,877) ... Chrysler Corp. 2,463,500 +7 9,400 * Ford Motor Co. 8,050,000 -7 (325,400) ... General Motors Corp. 14,282,600 +7 129,400 * AUTOMOTIVE EQUIPMENT Eaton Corp. 618,615 -19 (4,911) ... Fruehauf Corp. 440,872 -18 (5,340) ... International Harvester (1) 1,305,868 -18 (129,830) ... Paccar Inc. 256,700 -36 6,200 -61 BEVERAGES Anheuser-Busch Cos. 1,182,539 +14 89,200 +24 Pepsico Inc. 1,902,019 + 9 113,235 +11 BUILDING AND FOREST PRODUCTS Boise Cascade Crop. 736,670 - 6 2,490 -87 Champion International 950,631 -6 16,607 -32 Crown Zellerbach Corp. 749,200 -5 7,400 +7 Diamond International Corp. 232,581 -8 7,293 +33 Evans Products Co. 356,285 -13 (10,660) ... GAF Corp. 179,235 +1 16,750 +18 Georgia-Pacific Corp. 1,422,000 +1 26,000 -16 Great Northern Nekoosa 356,800 -5 17,400 -23 International Paper co. 986,200 -22 32,400 -40 Kimberly-Clark Corp. 741,700 +4 54,000 +10 Lone Star Industries 248,711 0 5,696 -63 Manville Corp. 518,232 -11 24,363 +94 National Gypsum Co. 248,995 -4 3,535 -68 Owens-Corning Fiberglas 673,390 +7 24,371 +13 St. Regis Paper co. 690,297 -2 50,365 +16 Scott Paper Co. 574,272 0 22,475 -17 Sherwin-Williams Co. 491,428 +23 18,819 +29 United States Gypsum Co. 341,748 -10 10,996 -22 Jim Walter Corp. (2) 525,816 +1 917 * Westvaco Corp. (1) 351,960 -10 16,431 -35 Weyerhaeuser Co. 1,024,323 -7 31,000 -49 CHEMICALS Air Products and Chemicals 415,561 +3 29,736 +3 Allied Corp. 1,514,000 -2 81,000 -31 American Cyanamid Co. 861,200 -8 27,100 -48 Celanese Corp. 714,000 -25 (18,000) ... Diamond Shamrock Corp. 733,196 -11 42,272 -22 Dow Chemcial 2,548,000 -13 35,000 -73 E.I. du Pont de Nemours 8,200,000 -1 195,000 -29 Ethyl Corp. 410,712 -8 22,973 +8 W. R. Grace & Co. 1,441,920 -9 44,390 -55 Hercules Inc 602,000 -13 31,800 -12 Int.
p3366
aVThe General Electric Company said today that it was entering the market for gate arrays, integrated circuits that reduce the number of circuit packages in a system.
p3367
aVThe General Electric Company and Northern Telecom Inc. said they planned to jointly develop, manufacture and market complete cellular mobile telephone systems for the North American market.
p3368
aVFrom the window of William A. Kistler Jr.'s 65th-floor office here, there are few apparent signs of trouble in the local economy. From this height, new office construction seems to spring up from a flat urban landscape like derricks in a rich Texas oilfield. But the view of prosperity below masks the growing problems in an industry whose wealth shaped this city. Mr. Kistler is president of the Hughes Tool Company, the world's largest manufacturer of drill bits for oil wells. For Hughes, and for most of the oil industry, 1982 has brought radical, sometimes devastating changes.
p3369
aVThe General Electric Company said 900 workers at its dishwasher division here were beginning a temporary layoff. It added that the Appliance Park plant will be closed from Dec. 20 to Jan. 3 as part of a holiday and vacation program.
p3370
aVThe Pittston Company said it and Armco Inc., Ashland Oil Inc., the General Electric Company and the Westmoreland Coal Company had formed a joint venture called Dominion Terminal Associates to develop and operate an international coal shipping terminal here. The terminal will cost about $135 million and is being financed by 30-year tax-exempt industrial revenue bonds being issued through the Peninsula Ports Authority of Virginia.
p3371
asS'198210'
p3372
(lp3373
NaNaVThe General Electric Company, citing its increased productivity and diversity, announced that net income in the third quarter of 1982 increased 11.4 percent, although sales slipped 3.8 percent. The Fairfield, Conn., company, the nation's largest producer of electrical equipment, said that net income in the third quarter advanced to a record $451 million, or $1.99 a share, from $405 million, or $1.78 a share, in the corresponding quarter of 1981. Sales dipped to $6.39 billion from $6.64 billion.
p3374
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation reported yesterday that net income in the third fiscal quarter, aided by two one-time gains, increased 8.7 percent, while sales edged up 1.8 percent. The Pittsburgh-based company said the latest quarter's results included a 16-cents-a-share nonrecurring gain from the sale by Westinghouse Broadcasting and Cable of its 50 percent interest in Showtime, a pay television service for $75 million. Westinghouse also recorded an 11 cent-a-share nonrecurring gain on the purchase of $58 million of its two debenture issues. Without the inclusion of these extraordinary items, Westinghouse's per-share earnings in the third quarter would have dropped 14 percent, to $1.04 a share, from $1.31 a share in the 1981 span.
p3375
aVThe Nissho Iwai Corporation ranks only sixth in size among Japanese trading companies, yet it generated sales last year of more than $30 billion, trading 10,000 commodities throughout the world. Its United States subsidiary, the Nissho Iwai American Corporation, has named a new president.
p3376
aVAMID considerable publicity, the Carolina Power nad Light Company took a billion-dollar plunge into nuclear power in the early 1970's. Nuclear themes graced the cover of its annual reports and shareholders were told of fast rising nuclear output. In 1973, the company predicted that nearly two-thirds of its power would come from nuclear energy by 1982. But more recent annual reports have been less rosy - and 1982's will likely reflect a slowing in revenue and earnings growth - due to a performance slide in nuclear power generation. The slide has been caused by a series of major shutdowns that are forcing Carolina Power to spend more than $300 million to revamp its often sidelined plants. The once bright nuclear future has been delayed, not only for Carolina Power, but for a growing list of utilities across the nation that have been stung by big nuclear repair bills. Companies such as Florida Power and Light, New York's Consolidated Edison, Rochester Gas and Electric and Pittsburgh's Duquesne Light have, or will, spend hundreds of millions of dollars to rejuvenate plants, and to replace lost nuclear production with more costly coal or oil-fired power while repairs were being made.
p3377
aVThe Trane Company said it had laid off 100 salaried employees, taken a $10.1 million pretax write-off to discontinue its truck-trailer air conditioning business and merged its consumer products business into a unit it recently acquired from the General Electric Company. Trane said the shutdown charge reduced third-quarter earnings to $3.67 million, or 35 cents a share, from $10.5 million, or $1.03, a year earlier. Sales fell to $200 million, from $209.8 million.
p3378
aVSecretary of the Navy John Lehman announced a one-year agreement today with the McDonnell Douglas Corporation to build 63 F-18A fighter-attack planes for $1.14 billion. The agreement ended an effort by the Navy to reduce the price of the planes. Mr. Lehman said the contract represented a cost of $22.5 million a plane, the same as the present price, despite inflation. The Northrop Corporation is the prime F-18A subcontractor and the General Electric Company is the engine builder.
p3379
aVFlavil Q. Van Dyke, who has spent his career until now at the International Business Machines Corporation, has thrown in his lot with a smaller company that has just gone on its own. Mr. Van Dyke, 42, has been named president and chief executive of Genigraphics Inc. He has spent 17 years at I.B.M. in a range of sales, products and marketing jobs, most recently as corporate director of management development at I.B.M. headquarters.
p3380
aV* Bergen State Bank of New Jersey said it had agreed to be acquired by Citizens First Bancorp. Shareholders will receive one share of $23 liquidation series A nonvoting preferred of Citizens for each Bergen common share.
p3381
asS'198212'
p3382
(lp3383
VThe General Electric Company of Britain, one of the nation's largest corporations, reported today that after-tax profits had jumped 18 percent in the six months ended Sept. 30.
p3384
aV* Anchor Hocking, Lancaster, Ohio, said the Federal Trade Commission had approved its plan to buy 750,000 shares of newly issued Towle Manufacturing Co. common for about $16.9 million. * Ball Corp. said it had sold its injection molding plastics plant in Evansville, Ind., to a subsidiary of TLB Plastics Corp. of Brewster, N.Y.; terms were not disclosed. * CCI Corp. said it had settled a class-action suit brought last September challenging a management group's proposal to buy all the shares of the company; CCI revised its offer to $16 a share, raised from $15, and agreed to pay the plaintiffs' legal fees.
p3385
aVIt doesn't take a business-oriented visitor here long to encounter the Racal cult. The growth of Racal Electronics P.L.C., founded in 1951, into a highly profitable company with sales of more than $1 billion would have earned it attention anywhere. But the Racal story is possibly unique in postwar Britain, where the decline and failure of well-known companies have frequently dominated the headlines. When Government officials want to convince the worried nation that it can compete in advanced technologies with American, Japanese and Western European companies, they invariably cite Racal. When business leaders are asked to name Britain's top managers, they never fail to mention Racal's chairman, Sir Ernest Harrison.
p3386
aVWORKING at Atari Inc. is like playing one of the company's video games. It requires quick reflexes, and one's turn at the controls maybe short-lived. Just in the last two weeks three Atari executives - none of whom had been at the company for more than eight months - have been zapped. Such rapid-fire dismissals, as well as resignations, have become a trademark of the world's largest video game producer and of its mercurial chairman and chief executive officer, Raymond E. Kassar. The high turnover was saying something about the management of Atari, but few people were listening. After all, Atari was probably the fastest growing company in the nation, climbing to about $2 billion in sales in a few years as the video game craze swept America. Now people are taking notice. In the last two weeks, a series of revelations have rocked the video game industry. The most stunning was the sudden announcment 11 days ago that Atari's parent, Warner Communications Inc., expected a dramatic slump in fourth quarter per-share earnings - the first such decline in 31 quarters - largely because of disappointing sales of Atari's video game cartridges. The news sent the stock of Warner and other game-related companies reeling and has provoked a major reassessment of a company that has captured as much attention on Wall Street as it has in arcades and family living rooms.
p3387
aVThe Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Company was hardly bothered by the sharp rise in energy prices that shook the nation in the late 1970's. The company used a fortuitous mix of hydroelectric power and pricecontrolled natural gas that sheltered it from the brunt of the oil crisis. Its luck, however, has run out. In the last year, Kaiser's energy costs in the Pacific Northwest, where two of its four plants are situated, has increased nearly 50 percent, and it no longer has access to low-cost natural gas at its Louisiana plant. ''It is a sad story,'' said George Cleaver, an industry analyst with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith. ''There is a chance that Kaiser could cease to be a primary producer'' in the United States, he added. Kaiser denies that it will ever pull out of the United States entirely, but it acknowledges that the future of some of its plants is uncertain.
p3388
aVThe General Dynamics Corporation filed an antitrust suit today against the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, charging that A.T.& T. illegally monopolized part of the telephone equipment market. The suit did not state the amount of damages sought; this must be determined during the trial, the company said in the suit filed in Federal District Court here. General Dynamics said its former telephone systems subsidiaries were ''frustrated by the barriers created'' by A.T.& T. that blocked them from successfully competing in the market to install office telephone systems for large private users, usually big companies, and transmission equipment.
p3389
aVCruse W. Moss and Mark J. Obert think they can do something that the Grumman Corporation could not -make money building and selling the Flxible bus. Mr. Moss, 56 years old, is chairman and chief executive and Mr. Obert, 42, is president of the General Automotive Corporation of Ann Arbor, Mich. Grumman, of Bethpage, L.I., has agreed to sell its Flxible division to General Automotive for $40 million. Pretax operating losses for Grumman have totaled $132.7 million since it acquired the company in 1978.
p3390
aVPratt & Whitney, the nation's largest producer of jet engines, announced today that it is developing a new family of powerful engines for jumbo jets that will have 54 percent fewer parts and burn 7 percent less fuel than its most efficient engines now in production. Pratt & Whitney, the biggest unit of United Technologies, said the basic engine, designated the PW4000, would be suitable for current and new versions of the Boeing 747 and 767 and the European Airbus A300 and A310, all jumbo jets in operation or soon to go into service with varying capacities ranging from 220 passengers to more than 400. It would bring airlines huge savings in both fuel and maintenance costs, the company said, once it is licensed for airline operations in mid-1986.
p3391
aVResearch-Cottrell Inc. said yesterday that Peter J. Gianacakes will become chairman and chief executive officer Jan. 1. Research-Cottrell, based in Somerville, N.J., is an engineering and marketing company.
p3392
aVSigurd D. Medhus, the chief financial officer at the American Express Company, has been appointed executive vice president and chief financial officer of U.S. Industries, a diversified maker of energy-related equipment, building materials and furniture. Mr. Medhus, 53, fills a position held by A.M. Singer, who is retiring next year.
p3393
asS'196406'
p3394
(lp3395
sS'196407'
p3396
(lp3397
sS'196404'
p3398
(lp3399
sS'196405'
p3400
(lp3401
sS'197711'
p3402
(lp3403
sS'197710'
p3404
(lp3405
sS'197712'
p3406
(lp3407
sS'197912'
p3408
(lp3409
sS'197911'
p3410
(lp3411
sS'197910'
p3412
(lp3413
sS'201111'
p3414
(lp3415
VWarren E. Buffett, take note. It is not just a few wealthy individuals paying unusually low taxes to the federal government. Corporate America is not far behind. A comprehensive study released on Thursday found that 280 of the biggest publicly traded American companies faced federal income tax bills equal to 18.5 percent of their profits during the last three years -- little more than half the official corporate rate of 35 percent and lower than their competitors in many industrialized countries.
p3416
aVAfter resisting for a decade, the parent company of American Airlines announced Tuesday that it would now follow a strategy that the rest of the industry chose long ago: filing for bankruptcy protection so it can shed debt, cut labor costs and find a way back to profitability. American's parent, the AMR Corporation, was the last major domestic airline that had never sought Chapter 11 protection. Its main rivals, including Delta Air Lines and United Airlines, used the bankruptcy courts to reorganize their businesses in recent years and emerged as stronger, more profitable rivals.
p3417
asS'201110'
p3418
(lp3419
V9:02 p.m. | Updated Federal prosecutors are expected to file criminal charges on Wednesday against Rajat K. Gupta, the most prominent business executive ensnared in an aggressive insider trading investigation, according to people briefed on the case.
p3420
aVPerhaps it's not Occupy Wall Street that the banks should fear, but their latest frothy financial product. Investment bankers are crisscrossing the nation peddling spinoffs. But given the weak stock prices of these banks, they may find themselves under pressure from their own investors to break up. Spinoffs are the deal du jour. Abbott Laboratories became the latest on the bandwagon, announcing last week a spinoff of its research-based pharmaceutical business. This year, 59 spinoffs have been completed, totaling about $98 billion, according to Dealogic. The dollar number is up almost 85 percent from the same period last year and does not include planned splits by Sara Lee, McGraw-Hill and Kraft Foods, among others.
p3421
aV8:46 p.m. | Updated Rajat K. Gupta, a former director at Goldman Sachs and Procter & Gamble, pleaded not guilty Wednesday to insider trading charges, setting the stage for a courtroom battle that will extend the government's broad crackdown on Wall Street to the corporate boardroom.
p3422
asS'201112'
p3423
(lp3424
VStocks rose on Tuesday, sending the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index higher a second day, on speculation that European leaders may act to contain the debt crisis after S.& P. put 15 euro nations on review for possible downgrade. Shares of 3M rose, after it said revenue might increase as much as 6 percent next year as a result of acquisitions. General Electric shares rose more than 2 percent after Sanford C. Bernstein & Company raised its recommendation. And stock in Darden Restaurants, which operates the Olive Garden and Red Lobster chains, tumbled 12 percent after it cut its full-year sales and profit growth forecasts.
p3425
asS'199102'
p3426
(lp3427
VThe General Electric Company is laying off 40 people in Syracuse, effective immediately, in expectation of losing a $545 million radar contract with the Air Force, a company spokeswoman said. G.E. has already built two over-the-horizon radar systems, which bounce radio waves off the earth's ionosphere to detect objects up to 1,800 miles away. The company employs about 5,400 people in the Syracuse area.
p3428
aVThe Big Three United States auto makers said they had formed a joint effort to share the costs of developing batteries for electric vehicles. The Ford Motor Company, the General Motors Corporation and the Chrysler Corporation said they had pledged $35 million to the project. They said they want to raise $100 million annually by 1993 from the Government and electric utilities to support advanced battery research. The venture, called the United States Advanced Battery Consortium, plans to contract with battery manufacturers and other organizations to conduct research on advanced battery technology. The consortium, which had been expected, reflects a growing push by local governments in the country's most polluted areas to require "ultra-clean" cars by the end of the century. Before auto makers can manufacture and market electric cars, however, they need batteries with enough power to accelerate vehicles to highway speeds and with enough storage capacity to keep vehicles running for 100 miles or more. John R. Wallace, director of Ford's electric vehicle programs, said the venture was inspired partly by a race with the Japanese.
p3429
aVThe General Electric Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, is offering $250 million in 10-year notes through Lehman Brothers, as sole manager of the underwriting. The interest rate set on the notes was 8 3/8 percent. The notes, due on March 1, 2001, are priced at 98.378 to yield 8.62 percent, or about 70 basis points more than Treasury securities with a similar maturity. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point. The noncallable notes are rated Aaa by Moody's Investors Service and AAA by the Standard & Poor's Corporation.
p3430
aVThe General Motors Corporation and the Gas Research Institute said they would spend $39 million to develop trucks that run on cleaner-burning natural gas. The auto maker and the gas-company group said production could begin by the mid 1990's. G.M. will spend $24.1 million and the institute will spend $15.2 million to engineer and develop the light- and medium- duty trucks, a G.M. spokeswoman, Kari Hulsey, said. Initially, a limited number of trucks would be produced for field research, she added. The institute's members include Brooklyn Union Gas, Columbia Gas System, Consolidated Natural Gas, Pacific Gas and Electric, San Diego Gas and Electric and Southern California Gas. G.M. has not made plans for producing the trucks once the engineering and development program is over. But Ms. Hulsey said any medium-duty trucks would be built at its Janesville, Wis., truck plant. G.M.'s GMC truck division announced a project last July to produce at least 1,000 natural-gas powered pickup trucks this year for use in Texas and California. Those vehicles are being converted for natural- gas use by an outside company, Ms. Hulsey said.
p3431
aVIn a rare criminal action against an American company operating in Japan, prosecutors in Tokyo have arrested two Japanese employees of a General Electric Company subsidiary here and a prominent university professor, charging them with bribery in connection with the sale of sophisticated medical equipment. The charges were filed last week in what now appears to be a widening investigation. It is charged that the employees made payments to professors who decide whether their hospitals will purchase American- or Japanese-made medical equipment. General Electric sells a half-billion dollars in CAT scanners, magnetic resonance imaging devices and other equipment through a company called Yokogawa Medical Systems, of which it owns 75 percent.
p3432
aVCNBC, General Electric's cable news service, said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the troubled Financial News Network for $105 million in cash. The surprise bid, which CNBC made privately on Friday and was approved by the two companies late Monday, is reported to be $15 million higher than a joint offer made two weeks ago by Dow Jones & Company and Westinghouse Broadcasting.
p3433
aVReacting to losses in real estate, "junk bonds" and leveraged buyouts, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation said yesterday that it would write off $975 million of losses in its finance subsidiary. As a result, it slashed its previously reported fourth-quarter profit of $284 million, or 97 cents a share, to a loss of $449 million. The company said it planned to shrink its Westinghouse Financial Services Inc. subsidiary by about 25 percent by selling about $3 billion of its approximately $12 billion in assets, including $500 million in junk bonds. Paul E. Lego, chairman of Westinghouse, said the action was being taken "in light of the continued uncertainties in the financial services industry."
p3434
aVSeven companies, including four based outside Japan, agreed today to join in a Japanese project to develop engines for hypersonic jet planes that are envisioned as being capable of flying between New York and Tokyo in only three hours. The program is the first large-scale research project financed by the Japanese Government that has included foreign companies, said Hisaharu Dosho, an official in the Ministry of International Trade and Industry.
p3435
aVFinancial News Network Inc., the troubled owner of a business news cable television network, filed yesterday for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code. The filing had been expected, and it means the asset sales that the company had arranged in the last few weeks will be subject to review by the Federal Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan.
p3436
aVThe Raytheon Company, the maker of the highly successful Patriot missile-defense system and other sophisticated military hardware, has proved itself to be one of the most technically proficient and profitable Pentagon contractors. But it has yet to prove that in can make sustained profits on its more mundane products, like Caloric stoves. In the wake of the Persian Gulf war, Raytheon stands to benefit substantially from new orders for the Patriot. But as one of only a handful of big Pentagon contractors that have diversified to reduce their dependence on military work, the company and its incoming chairman, Dennis J. Picard, see the best opportunities for long-term growth in the company's nonmilitary businesses, where profits have historically lagged behind the high-technology weapons operations. Hodgepodge of Businesses With the Pentagon's budgets expected to continue declining for years, Mr. Picard will be focusing more of Raytheon's resources on improving the performance of the hodgepodge that makes up the rest of the company, including the Amana, Caloric and Speed Queen appliance brands, the Beech line of small aircraft, engineering companies that build and modify electric utilities and other big industrial projects and even a textbook publisher.
p3437
asS'199103'
p3438
(lp3439
VThe General Electric Company is laying off 40 people in Syracuse, effective immediately, in expectation of losing a $545 million radar contract with the Air Force, a company spokeswoman said. G.E. has already built two over-the-horizon radar systems, which bounce radio waves off the earth's ionosphere to detect objects up to 1,800 miles away. The company employs about 5,400 people in the Syracuse area.
p3440
aVThe General Motors Corporation took a big step today toward producing the first commercially available electric car in modern time, announcing that it had selected a small factory in Lansing, Mich., as the production site. Although G.M. provided few details, citing competitive factors, the company's timetable implied that production could begin as early as next year, which would mean a 1993 model could appear in dealer showrooms a year from this fall.
p3441
aVA former professor was arrested on Wednesday on suspicion of accepting bribes from a medical supplier to buy General Electric medical equipment. Kengo Matsui, 59 years old, a former professor in the medical department of Yokohama Municipal University, was arrested along with three officials of the Yokogawa Medical Systems Company, prosecutors said. Yokogawa is a joint venture that is 75 percent owned by the General Electric Company.
p3442
aVThe Boeing Company said EVA Airways, a new carrier based in Taiwan, had placed orders for four 767-300 extended-range jetliners potentially valued at $350 million. The agreement consists of two new firm orders plus the conversion to firm orders of two previously announced optional orders. EVA selected the General Electric Company's CF6-80C2B6F engines for all four aircraft.
p3443
aVR. H. Macy & Company said Winmex Investments Ltd., intends to exercise an option to buy 785,916 shares of Macy convertible preferred stock for $25 million. The purchase by Winmex, an affiliate of the Hong Kong investor Sir Run Run Shaw, would be its second in recent months. Macy also said that it had obtained necessary lender approval for the sale of its credit-card operations to the General Electric Capital Corporation. The net proceeds of that sale -- to be completed next month -- are expected to be about $100 million. The proceeds from the transactions and from other asset sales will be applied to a $175 million principal bank loan payment due in December.
p3444
aVRepresentatives of Eastern Airlines' biggest creditors, frustrated at watching Eastern's assets drain away and the amount they will recover diminish, possibly to nothing, have resigned from the unsecured creditors' committee. People who have closely followed the bankruptcy proceeding, who insisted on anonymity, said the resignations stemmed from frustration over the case's handling by Judge Burton R. Lifland, the chief judge of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York.
p3445
aVTextron Inc. said today that it had promoted John S. Kleban from president of Textron Aerostructures in Nashville to group vice president at the company's headquarters. Mr. Kleban, who is 52 years old and has held his current post since 1985, will be in charge of Textron companies that manufacture Speidel watches, automotive equipment, fasteners and outdoor products like golf carts and lawn mowers. He succeeds Charles F. Chapin, 61, who is retiring.
p3446
aVThe Business Enterprise Trust, a new nonprofit organization committed to highlighting examples of socially responsible business behavior, gave its first award yesterday for "life achievement" to the developer James W. Rouse. The inventor of the indoor mall and creator of the planned city of Columbia, Md., Mr. Rouse is known for his popular urban marketplaces, including the South Street Seaport in New York. In recent years, he has been involved in helping groups develop housing for the poor.
p3447
aVThe McDonnell Douglas Corporation, maker of the F-15 fighter jet and Tomahawk cruise missile, remains by far the nation's biggest military contractor, the Pentagon said today. The St. Louis-based company topped the Defense Department's list for the 1990 fiscal year, which ended Sept. 30, with $8.21 billion in contracts.
p3448
aVFinancial News Network Inc., the troubled owner of a business news cable television network, filed yesterday for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code. The filing had been expected, and it means the asset sales that the company had arranged in the last few weeks will be subject to review by the Federal Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan.
p3449
asS'200002'
p3450
(lp3451
VNBC Internet Inc., an online company 47 percent owned by the NBC unit of the General Electric Company, agreed to buy AllBusiness.com for about $225 million in stock. The closely held AllBusiness.com offers products and information aimed at owners of small businesses and people who are starting a business. The company, founded in 1998 and based in San Francisco, has more than 100 employees. The acquisition is NBCi's largest since it was formed late last year and furthers the company's plan to expand into business-to-business services on the Internet.
p3452
aVMerck & Company, the No. 1 United States drugmaker, will buy back as much as $10 billion of its shares, which have fallen 18 percent this month. Merck had about 2.3 billion shares outstanding as of Oct. 29, according to regulatory filings. The repurchase would represent about 6.5 percent of Merck's $153 billion market capitalization. The authorization is the biggest since the General Electric Company approved a buyback of the the same size in 1989, according to the Securities Data Company. Merck, based in Whitehouse Station, N.J., said it had already bought back $3.9 billion, or 54.9 million shares, under a $5 billion July 1998 buyback plan. Merck's shares rose $3.3125 yesterday, to $65.50.
p3453
aVGE POWER SYSTEMS, Schenectady, N.Y., a division of General Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn., won a $500 million contract to supply 16 turbines to the NRG Energy unit of Northern States Power Co., Minneapolis.
p3454
aVVIASOFT INC., Phoenix, a maker of computer software, said it would dismiss about 70 employees and take a third-quarter charge of about $1.4 million to cut costs after its failed merger with the Compuware Corp., Farmington Hills, Mich. COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CORP., Teaneck, N.J., a software services company, said that its board had approved a 2-for-1 stock split payable about March 16 to shareholders of record on March 2.
p3455
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., the No. 1 maker of gas-fired turbines, said it won a $900 million order to supply 10 turbines for Turkish power plants being built by InterGen, Boston, a joint venture of Royal Dutch/Shell Group, and Enka Holding Yatirim, Istanbul, one of Turkey's biggest construction companies.
p3456
aVJUST how smart are the designers of ''smart'' appliances, when it comes to meeting the needs of modern people like me -- technically inclined, but harboring no dreams of connecting their coffee pots to the Internet or having live stock quotes scroll across a liquid crystal display on their refrigerators? Whether we like it or not, home appliances are the latest to fall under the ''just add Internet'' spell. And if manufacturers have their way, the appliances heading your way later this year will make today's automatic ice maker and microwave oven as last-century as a wringer washing machine.
p3457
aVThe Nasdaq composite index cruised to a record yesterday, as demand for technology and biotechnology stocks remained strong. But the strength in technology masked another lackluster session for most stocks.
p3458
aVNiSource, the owner of Indiana's largest utility, agreed today to buy the Columbia Energy Group for $6 billion, ending a pursuit that began with a hostile bid nine months ago. NiSource will pay $6 billion in cash and securities and assume about $2.5 billion in debt, creating a utility with the most natural gas customers east of the Rocky Mountains.
p3459
aVStock prices staged a broad, sharp advance in heavy trading yesterday. Demand for technology stocks was especially intense, and the Nasdaq composite index rose to a record. Led by networking and computer-related stocks, the Nasdaq jumped 118.84 points, or 2.6 percent, to 4,696.69.
p3460
aVWHAT is intended as the largest single national anti-smoking initiative starts today amid continuing debate over some commercials that are to be part of the campaign. The initiative is sponsored by the American Legacy Foundation in Washington, which was financed by the recent $206 billion settlement reached by 46 state attorneys general and the tobacco industry. The advertising, marketing and public relations campaign -- developed by teenagers in partnership with Madison Avenue professionals -- is meant to ''unsell'' cigarette smoking to young people ages 12 to 17 by countering the tactics the tobacco makers have long used to peddle their best-selling brands.
p3461
asS'199101'
p3462
(lp3463
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its net income and revenues both rose by 6 percent in the last three months of 1990. Earnings increased to almost $1.24 billion, from $1.17 billion in the last quarter of 1989. And its revenues rose to $17.2 billion from $16.2 billion.
p3464
aVCarter Hawley Hale Stores Inc., the largest retail company on the West Coast, said it had agreed to sell its credit card and accounts-receivable operations to the GE Capital Corporation. Carter Hawley Hale said the transaction would result in a net gain of $50 million and the elimination of $600 million in debt. The two companies said they expected the deal to close by late April. Carter Hawley Hale has been struggling with heavy debt and slow sales. In September, it sold its Thalhimer Brothers department store chain to the May Department Stores Company for $325 million in a plan to consolidate operations and reduce debt.
p3465
aVThe Tucson Electric Power Company said the size of its management staff has dropped to 338, from 370 last month, mostly because of a voluntary separation program announced in December. As a result of the departures, the company said it did not expect any layoffs in the near future. The utility said the program would result in unspecified long-term cost savings. The program is part of a reorganization that included pay cuts for directors and officers, a pay freeze for management in 1991 and a general hiring freeze. Tucson's stock rose 62.5 cents today, to $5.125, on the New York Stock Exchange, where its gain of 13.9 percent was among the best of the day.
p3466
aVA consultant was sentenced on Wednesday to six months of house detention after pleading guilty to interstate transportation of technical documents stolen from the General Electric Company. United States District Judge David S. Nelson also fined Chien-Min Sung $200,000 and ordered him to make restitution of $120,000 to G.E. Mr. Sung, 43 years old, admitted he had failed to return about 80 documents containing technical information owned by G.E. when he left the company in 1987 to take a job with the Norton Company in Worcester, Mass. He is now a private consultant.
p3467
aVWhile many companies are deciding whether it is wise to advertise during the Persian Gulf war, General Electric has decided it is definitely improper to run ads highlighting changes in Eastern Europe while a crackdown is taking place in the Baltic republics. The company has dropped a television spot featuring its joint venture with Tungsram, the Hungarian lighting company. The ad, which ran on network television for more than nine months, showed the streets of Budapest, as well as the faces of Hungarians, lighting up as the country moved toward democracy. The ads had a sort of homespun warmth, using light as a visual analogy for freedom. They generally ran during news programs, and were shown last week midway through news coverage of the takeover of Lithuanian broadcast and television studios by Soviet troops, during which several people were killed. "In response to world events, G.E. for the present time has discontinued the ads," said Jack Batty, a company spokesman. No one at the company would say when the ads might be reintroduced.
p3468
aVThe General Electric Company completed its deal yesterday to buy Thorn EMI P.L.C.'s $360 million European light bulb business and named David E. Momot to be president and chief executive of the newly created company, G.E.-Thorn Lamps Ltd. Mr. Momot comes from a stint at the Genlyte Group, a maker of lighting fixtures, where he was president and chief executive, and which he joined in 1989. He is no stranger to G.E., having worked there for 30 years until 1989.
p3469
aVThe nation's technology-minded citizens -- from antiwar groups to arms makers to veterans and relatives of members of the military -- are turning in large numbers to their personal computers for news bulletins from the Persian Gulf. The major computer-information services, including Prodigy, Compuserve, General Electric Information Services and America On-line, are offering rapidly compiled data bases with specialized information on the Middle East crisis. They have also set up special electronic areas in which people can communicate with each other -- through modems that allow them to receive information on their computer screens via telephone lines.
p3470
aV* Big V Supermarkets Inc., Florida, N.Y., which operates 27 Shoprite supermarkets, was sold for $200 million to Thomas H. Lee Co. by an investor group led by CS First Boston Inc. and Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., New York. * Enron Corp., Houston, an oil and gas concern, was authorized to buy back up to one million shares of its common stock on the open market. * Fluor Daniel Inc., Irvine, Calif., the engineering and construction concern, was awarded a $250 million contract by Logan Aluminum Inc. to expand its sheet producing facilities. * General Signal Corp., Stamford, Conn., the semiconductor and telecommunications concern, completed the previously announced sale of its New York Air Brake unit, Watertown, N.Y., to Knorr-Bremse A.G. of Munich, Germany, for undisclosed terms. * Hercules Inc., a chemicals and aerospace company in Wilmington, Del., established a voluntary retirement program for the corporate staff and the resins group that is expected to eliminate 475 jobs. * Itel Corp., Chicago, a transportation company, said its shareholders had approved the buyback of an additional one million shares beyond the 9.35 million shares remaining in Itel's previously announced agreement to buy back Henley Group's stake of 18.7 million shares of Itel stock. * KLA Instruments Corp., San Jose, Calif., is trying to sell its printed circuit-board inspection division and will take a pretax charge of about $15 million for the quarter that ended Dec. 31 to cover costs of divesting the unit. * KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, Amsterdam, will order General Electric CF6-802C engines valued at $2.3 billion for its 10 McDonnell Douglas MD11 jets ordered in 1989 and for 10 other MD11's if options on the planes are exercised. * Quaker Oats Co., Chicago, will reduce pretax earnings for the current quarter by about $50 million, or 40 cents a share, for discontinued operations in its Fisher-Price toy unit, which it expects to finish spinning off in the first quarter of 1991. * Sundstrand Corp., Rockford, Ill., a maker of transmissions and hydraulic equipment, and Milton Roy Co., St. Petersburg, Fla., an instruments and pumps concern, said the merger of Milton Roy with a subsidiary of Sundstrand had been completed.
p3471
aVTHE last time Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd. had a foreign order for a nuclear reactor was in 1981, when Romania promised payment in everything from strawberries to underwear. Although Romania eventually paid what it promised, it ran out of money and left the plant half-finished. Stories of unfinished projects have become typical in the hard times that have hit the nuclear reactor industry in the last 15 years. But a recent order from Korea has revived hopes at Atomic Energy that its business has not fully disappeared.
p3472
aVIn a converted warehouse at the foot of the Bay Bridge here, hissing color presses stamp the likenesses of Madonna, New Kids on the Block, M. C. Hammer and other pop stars on thousands of T-shirts. On another floor, workers stock hats, buttons and posters with the images and logos of performers like Janet Jackson and Led Zeppelin, readying them for concert halls and stores around the world.
p3473
asS'199701'
p3474
(lp3475
VThe General Electric Company said today that earnings rose 10.8 percent in the fourth quarter as revenue grew in the double digits at its NBC television network, the GE Capital financial-services business and the appliance and power-system divisions. Earnings increased to $2.07 billion, or $1.26 a share, from $1.87 billion, or $1.12 a share, in 1995's fourth quarter. The per-share result matched the average estimate of 15 analysts surveyed by First Call. G.E.'s stock closed with a loss of $1.375, at $101.50, on the New York Stock Exchange Revenue rose 16.4 percent, to a record $22.99 billion from $19.75 billion.
p3476
aVAllied Signal Inc. said yesterday that it had received a $100 million contract from the General Electric Company to supply auxiliary power units and avionics for as many as 80 Airbus A320 aircraft that G.E. is purchasing. Allied Signal, of Morristown, N.J., said the GE Capital Aviation Services unit would lease the aircraft to various airlines around the world. The auxiliary power units, which are small gas turbine engines mated with generators, are used to supply electrical and pneumatic power for aircraft and ground operations. Allied Signal's aerospace division supplies equipment and systems for commercial transport, regional, general aviation and military aircraft.
p3477
aVFelcor Suite Hotels Inc. said yesterday that it would pay about $100 million for a 50 percent stake in eight Embassy Suites hotels from affiliates of a General Electric Company unit and the Promus Hotel Corporation of Memphis. Felcor, the nation's largest owner of Embassy Suites, also said it would pay $39 million for full ownership of two other hotels from the affiliates of the General Electric Pension Trust and Promus. The $100 million for the stake in the eight Embassy Suites includes Felcor's $43 million share of existing debt, Felcor said. Promus will retain a 50 percent stake in the eight joint-venture hotels, and will manage them. Felcor, based in Irving, Tex., said it would convert the two other hotels to the Doubletree Guest Suites brand within 90 days of the closing.
p3478
aVThe stock of the Xerox Corporation climbed yesterday after the company reported better-than-expected earnings and said it had agreed to sell several parts of its Talegen Holdings subsidiary. Xerox said it had agreed to sell Coregis Group Inc., an insurance unit, to the General Electric Company for $375 million plus $75 million in debt assumption. It also agreed to sell the Apprise Corporation, a computer services unit, to Andersen Consulting for an undisclosed amount, as it disposes of businesses outside its document processing operations.
p3479
aVGE Power Systems and the Harris Corporation formed a venture to provide energy management systems and services to utilities and industrial customers. The companies said the venture, GE Harris Energy Systems, would design, manufacture and market computer control centers and other electronics intended to help utilities identify the most cost-effective method of dispatching power, track power quality and recommend actions to optimize operations. GE Power Systems, a unit of the General Electric Company, provides power generation equipment and has annual revenues of more than $7 billion. Harris, with yearly sales of more than $3.6 billion, is a communications and electronics company.
p3480
aVGeneral Electric P.L.C. of Britain said yesterday that it had sold its Satchwell Controls unit to Siebe P.L.C. for $:80 million, or about $137 million. Satchwell Controls makes and installs building automation systems for industrial and commercial facilities. Siebe, one of Britain's largest engineering companies, makes electrical, engineering, automotive and appliance equipment. General Electric P.L.C. is not related to the General Electric Company of the United States.
p3481
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its GE Capital Services subsidiary had acquired Barclays Factoring S.p.A. of Milan, Italy. Financial terms were not disclosed. GE Capital Services, based in Stamford, Conn., said Barclays Factoring would become part of the company's commercial finance business and would change its name to GE Capital Factoring S.p.A., effective immediately. Factoring firms finance small companies by buying certain assets. GE Capital Services provides specialized financing to businesses and consumers.
p3482
aVThe Chrysler Corporation announced what it called a major development today in its search for a practical, long-range electric car. By using a fuel cell that produces electricity from a chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen, the company hopes to produce by 2005 a prototype of a car that relies on inexpensive, low-grade gasoline instead of batteries.
p3483
aVWHEN executives at the General Instrument Corporation, a big maker of equipment for cable television systems, announced earlier this month that the company would split into three units by July, some investors heard echoes. Three-way breakup. Telecommunications company. Sounds familiar, but it is not AT&T.
p3484
aVThe Raytheon Company's successful bid for Hughes Electronics leaves the Northrop Grumman Corporation as the wallflower in the twirling military industry discotheque, raising questions about its ability to compete against the three titans that soon will dominate the aerospace business. Northrop Grumman -- itself the product of a multibillion-dollar merger in 1994 -- now faces the stark prospect of finding a suitable combination partner or falling into the second rank of military contractors.
p3485
asS'199106'
p3486
(lp3487
VA venture between the General Electric Company and Snecma S.A. of France received an order today for up to $1 billion in jet engines for the Soviet Union, the latest in a series of East-West aerospace deals. The accord calls for the venture, CFM International, to provide engines for at least 20 Soviet-made IL-86 aircraft, G.E. officials said at the Paris Air Show. They estimated the deal to be worth $750 million to $1 billion.
p3488
aVA group that has been pressing a boycott against the General Electric Company for five years to try to force the company's withdrawal from nuclear weapons work said yesterday that it had made a significant dent in the company's sales of medical diagnostic equipment. But the company said that its share of that market was growing, along with its sales of consumer goods, and that the boycott did not appear to be having any effect.
p3489
aVIt was a humbling finale to a see-saw relationship. Edward L. Hennessy Jr. said yesterday that he would step down on Monday as chief executive of Allied-Signal Inc., and Wall Street responded with embarrassing enthusiasm, delaying the opening of Allied's shares with a flood of buy orders. Mr. Hennessy, 63 years old, decided to leave earlier than expected to persuade Lawrence A. Bossidy, vice chairman of the General Electric Company, to succeed him. The transition plans were reported in yesterday's Wall Street Journal and confirmed by Mr. Hennessy before the opening of the New York Stock Exchange. Allied shares ended the day at $33.125, up $3.75.
p3490
aVElectric Boat said today that it would lay off more than 800 employees as part of a reorganization. The announcement comes just two months after the military contractor, the largest division of the General Dynamics Corporation, was awarded the second contract for the Government's Seawolf submarine.
p3491
aVStandley H. Hoch resigned Friday as chairman, president, chief executive and a director of the General Public Utilities Corporation, the big electric- utility holding company that operates in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Mr. Hoch, 59 years old, had been on the job only 26 months. The Wall Street Journal said yesterday that an important factor was concerns about his relationship with G.P.U.'s vice president of corporate communications, Susan Schepman, who had joined the company from the St. Louis public relations firm Fleishman-Hillard about a year ago. The relationship came to light as a result of an anonymous letter received by the company about two months ago, and a follow-up investigation.
p3492
aVNancy Cole does not think the General Electric Company brings good things to life. Which is why, as director of Infact, a grassroots group based in Boston, she is trying to drive the company out of the nuclear weapons business. Nuclear weapons? G.E.? The company that lights America's homes and fills its airwaves with soft-focus ads? Five years ago, Infact chose G.E. as the target of a boycott because, in its view, the image the company has carefully nurtured is so at variance with its work making components for nuclear missile systems.
p3493
aVThe General Electric Company has negotiated what critics say will be a highly profitable deal with the Government by taking advantage of a housing program intended to help the poor. The company is now trying to reduce its initial costs even further. It is seeking $27.6 million in financing for a nonprofit agency it has selected as a business partner.
p3494
aVThe General Motors Corporation, citing the need to focus on automobiles, said it was looking to sell part of the locomotive division it has owned for 61 years. It said several parties, which were not identified, were discussing buying the operation that has diesel-electric locomotive assembly plants in the United States and Canada, and a separate unit that builds armored cars for the military.
p3495
aVA Federal program of housing for the poor is turning into profits for big real estate investors, led by one of America's business giants, the General Electric Company. General Electric is about to become the biggest buyer under a Federal program in which nearly 500 apartment complexes taken over from failed savings and loan institutions are being sold by the Resolution Trust Corporation at discount prices to investors who agree to set aside 35 percent of the units for low-income families.
p3496
aV* American Telephone and Telegraph Co., New York, said it had been selected by Ford Motor Co., Dearborn, Mich., to provide a telephone network to Ford's 5,500 dealerships nationwide. No price was disclosed. * Cargill Inc., Minneapolis, said it had acquired four flour mills from Pillsbury Co., Minneapolis, a unit of Grand Metropolitan P.L.C., for $100 million.
p3497
asS'199107'
p3498
(lp3499
VThe General Electric Company reported an earnings increase of 3.7 percent in the second quarter, bucking the recession and weakness at its NBC broadcasting network. Earnings rose to $1.13 billion, or $1.30 a share, from $1.09 billion, or $1.22 a share, in the comparable period a year earlier. Sales in the quarter increased 2.8 percent, to $14.8 billion from $14.4 billion.
p3500
aVThe loss of a $50.5 million Navy contract means more layoffs and additional cost-cutting measures for General Electric's Syracuse operations, a company spokeswoman said. G.E. lost the contract last week to the International Business Machines Corporation, the spokeswoman, Connie Grasso, said.
p3501
aVBanque Nationale de Paris, the state-owned French bank, plans to take a minority interest in Air France by injecting $166 million into the airline. Shareholders in the state-owned carrier now have about $1.81 billion in equity, but Banque de Paris will not know how much it will own until an evaluation of the airline's assets, an Air France spokeswoman said.
p3502
aNaV* AEG A.G., Frankfurt, a unit of Daimler-Benz A.G., and Deutsche Aerospace said they had formed a microelectronics group to be based in Stuttgart, Germany. * Cray Electronics Holdings P.L.C., London, said it had received valid acceptances of 632,853 common shares of SD-Scicon P.L.C., representing 0.31 percent of the firm's ordinary-share capital.
p3503
aVThe Japan Airlines Company, Japan's largest airline, said it had decided to adopt Pratt & Whitney Inc. engines for the McDonnell Douglas MD-11 planes that J.A.L. will begin operating in 1994. J.A.L. said that it had ordered 10 MD-11's with options for 10 more last year, and that Pratt & Whitney's PW-4460 model engines would be installed on all of the planes. Delivery of the planes, which seat 250 to 350 people, is to start in September 1993. J.A.L. said it had selected the Pratt & Whitney engines after considering ones made by the General Electric Company and Rolls-Royce P.L.C. of Britain. The airline said the total cost to purchase 20 MD-11's would be about $2.2 billion.
p3504
aVThe Hughes Aircraft Company won an $837 million contract today to help build an air-defense system for Saudi Arabia, replacing the Boeing Company on the program. In winning the contract, Hughes beat out competing proposals from the Westinghouse Electric Corporation and the Unisys Corporation.
p3505
aV* Castle & Cooke Inc., Los Angeles, said shareholders had voted to retire the company's 140-year-old name in favor of Dole Food Co.. * Dun & Bradstreet Software, Atlanta, announced a partnership with Powersoft Corp., Burlington, Mass., to develop software for personal computers.
p3506
aVSavannah Electric & Power Company's $30 million issue of 30-year bonds was won yesterday by Lehman Brothers and promptly reoffered with a 9 3/8 percent coupon at a price of 99.5, to yield 9.424 percent. That is about 95 basis points above the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond, a Lehman spokesman said. A basis point is one hundredth of one percent. Moody's Investors Service Inc. has rated the bonds A1 and the Standard & Poor's Corporation has given an A rating. The bonds are nonrefundable for five years.
p3507
aV* American Telephone and Telegraph Co., New York, and NCR Corp., Dayton, Ohio, will hold a special shareholders meeting on Aug. 13 to vote on their proposed merger. * Compression Labs Inc., San Jose, Calif., a video-technology company, will join the Advanced Television Research Consortium, a group of companies formed to develop a high-definition television system. * First Empire State Corp., Buffalo, a bank holding company, will merge its commercial banking subsidiary, First National Bank of Highland, N.Y., into its principal banking subsidiary, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Co., Buffalo. * Lotus Development Corp., Cambridge, Mass., a software company, introduced its 1-2-3 spreadsheet software for DOS Release 3.1 Plus. * Procter & Gamble Co., Cincinnati, the consumer products company, entered into an agreement with Eguimad of Argentina to market disposable diapers and feminine products in that country. No price was disclosed. * Rolls-Royce P.L.C., London, and General Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn., have each been awarded half of an estimated $160 million contract to supply gas turbine engines for eight new destroyers for the Japanese Navy.
p3508
asS'197005'
p3509
(lp3510
sS'197004'
p3511
(lp3512
sS'197007'
p3513
(lp3514
sS'197006'
p3515
(lp3516
sS'197001'
p3517
(lp3518
sS'199104'
p3519
(lp3520
VThe General Electric Company said its jet-engine division would lay off 1,800 people, including 1,000 who worked on its losing bid to supply engines to the Air Force's newest jet fighter. The layoffs had been expected since last week, when the Pentagon chose Pratt & Whitney Inc. to supply engines for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. The layoffs represent about 5 percent of the work force of 37,000 at G.E.'s plant in Evendale, Ohio.
p3521
aVThe General Electric Company said it would cut up to 1,000 jobs, or 6 percent of the work force, at its Evendale, Ohio, plant because it lost the competition to build engines for the next generation of Air Force fighter planes. On Tuesday the Pentagon chose Pratt & Whitney, a division of the United Technologies Corporation, over G.E. to build engines for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. A team headed by the Lockheed Corporation won the contract, which could be worth $60 billion, to build nearly 650 of the radar-evading jets. "The A.T.F. was a big disappointment," said Rick Kennedy, a spokesman at the Evendale plant. "It will affect our business in terms of income and in terms of jobs." G.E. built $3 billion worth of engines for the military last year but expects that to drop to about $2.5 billion by 1992.
p3522
aVThe General Electric Company and the Toshiba Corporation agreed to work together to expand sales of G.E. appliances in Asia. The imported products, mainly large refrigerators and European-produced appliances, will be distributed by Toshiba in Japan, and Toshiba will provide after-sales services. Gary Rogers, a senior vice president at G.E., said that through a venture to be established in Tokyo next month, the company hoped to increase its sales of appliances in Japan to $50 million a year by 1995, from about $5 million a year now.
p3523
aVBuoyed by productivity improvements and strong gains in its financial services sector, the General Electric Company said yesterday that its first-quarter net income rose 5.2 percent. Profits totaled $999 million, or $1.15 a share. In last year's first quarter, G.E. earned $950 million, or $1.06 a share. Its revenues were up 5.6 percent, to $13.3 billion, from $12.6 billion a year earlier.
p3524
aVThe Ford Motor Company said today that it would build up to 100 electric-powered test cars by 1993 before going into mass production. Although the General Motors Corporation has said it will mass-produce electric cars and the Chrysler Corporation has built test vehicles, Ford said it would take a more cautious approach, with full-scale production not planned until the second half of the decade.
p3525
aVA Wayne County jury awarded $1 million to a former salesman for the General Electric Company who sued the company and a G.E. joint venture on age discrimination charges, his lawyers said today. Richard N. Pietsch, 58 years old, also accused the companies of breach of employment contract and of failing to abide by promises made to him when G.E. hired him in 1981. The award could benefit other employees whose jobs have been lost or are threatened under "reorganization," "reduction in force" or other actions cited by their employers, the statement said.
p3526
aVFour researchers at the General Electric Company this week shared the award for Inventor of the Year, presented by the Intellectual Property Owners Foundation in Washington. The researchers were honored for inventing a non-invasive method of obtaining vivid images of blood vessels and blood flow that employs magnetic resonance imaging.
p3527
aVThe stock market just completed one of its strongest quarters since 1980. Investors, who stood on the sidelines after Iraq invaded Kuwait, gleefully dived back into the equity markets in the first quarter, which ended last week, after the American-led assault in the gulf seemed a success. "This was the fourth-best quarter in the last 11 years," said Laszlo Birinyi Jr., president of the Wall Street research house Birinyi Associates. "Given the kind of breadth, momentum and other indicators we have seen, you are not talking about a short-term or trading rally -- you are talking about a sustained market rise."
p3528
aV* Blackstone Group, New York, a merchant bank, and Sal. Oppenheim Jr. & Cie, a German bank, have agreed to jointly develop and execute trans-Atlantic mergers and acquisitions and to jointly make principal investments in Germany and the United States. Terms were not disclosed. * Dean Foods Co., Franklin Park, Ill., has completed the acquisition of the Utah and Neada fluid and ice milk business of Western Dairymen Cooperative, Salt Lake City, a dairy products company. Terms were not disclosed.
p3529
aVCapital Cities/ABC Inc. said yesterday that its quarterly income fell nearly 45 percent from the period a year earlier. The company said the recession and the Persian Gulf conflict hurt most of its broadcasting and publishing businesses. As with the other two leading networks, ABC was affected by weak advertising demand and the pre-emption of scheduled commercial time because of news coverge of the gulf war. Capital Cities/ABC said those problems were partly offset by revenues from the broadcast of the Super Bowl and two National Football League playoff games. 'A Difficult Quarter' John S. Reidy, a media analyst at Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company, said: "We knew it was going to be a difficult quarter. It was in line with our expectations and the current trends for networks. The big unknown is how the networks' up-front business will shape up for the coming season. There is no one willing to stand out on the limb and make any predictions. There is absolutely no clue as to how it will go. "
p3530
asS'197003'
p3531
(lp3532
sS'197002'
p3533
(lp3534
sS'199108'
p3535
(lp3536
VThe General Electric Company, the nation's third- largest military contractor, has announced it will cut at least 200 jobs at a local plant by the end of this year. The cutback announced Thursday means a 15 percent reduction in G.E.'s Volusia County work force of about 1,300. The first wave of layoff notices to an undetermined number of workers will come Sept. 4. "Global defense budgets are shrinking and competition for a larger share of a smaller pie is intense," Pete Kujawski, G.E.-Daytona general manager, said in a statement.
p3537
aVA Federal judge yesterday voided the Pentagon's award of a submarine-building contract to the General Dynamics Corporation's Electric Boat division and ordered the Navy to hold a new competition on terms more favorable to a competitor, Tenneco Inc.'s Newport News shipyard. The ruling, by Judge Robert Doumar of the United States District Court in Norfolk, Va., gives Newport News another shot at winning the contract to build the second SSN-22 Seawolf attack submarine.
p3538
aVThe Amoco Corporation won approval from the Federal Trade Commission to acquire an interest in the GE Capital Corporation, the financing subsidiary of the General Electric Company. The F.T.C. granted an early termination on Friday of the required waiting period under antitrust laws, the agency said. Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, companies that plan to acquire assets of $15 million or more or a minimum 15 percent stake in another company must notify the F.T.C. The share price of Amoco rose 50 cents today, to $52.125, in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
p3539
aVBritish Airways chose the Boeing Company today as its supplier for aircraft worth $6.85 billion. The decision was a strong confirmation of Boeing's new mid-size jet, the 777, and was a victory for the American company over the competing European Airbus Industrie consortium. Airline industry analysts were not surprised, however, because British Airways has usually bought from Boeing. The surprising aspect of the decision was that British Airways, which has consistently flown its Boeing aircraft with Rolls-Royce engines, said it would power its 777's with a new engine from the General Electric Company.
p3540
aVUnder protest, the Navy reopened bidding today for the disputed second Seawolf nuclear submarine contract. In a response to a Federal court order, the Navy said it would accept new bids from the nation's two nuclear submarine shipyards if it lost its appeal of the ruling.
p3541
aVThe owners of a four-year-old nuclear plant near Cleveland yesterday sued the General Electric Company, the builder, complaining that design errors had caused construction delays, adding "hundreds ofmillions of dollars" to the cost. The Perry plant cost $5.4 billion. The five utilities that own the plant said G.E. knew when the contract was negotiated that part of the containment system was faulty, and that the company committed misrepresentation and fraud.
p3542
aVThe Navy chose the Growth II+ version of the General Electric Aircraft Engine Group's F404 jet engine for its proposed F-18E and F-18F carrier-based twin-engine fighters, the company said Tuesday. The G.E. division said the initial $5 million contract for engine development, along with a contract it expected later this year for engineering and manufacturing work, would not alter the size of the work force at its plant in Evendale, Ohio, a Cincinnati suburb.
p3543
aVThe Nissan Motor Corporation said today that it had developed an electric car that can be fully recharged in 15 minutes, a significant improvement over electric car batteries announced to date. But industry experts say the Japanese auto maker's latest entry in the race to develop electric cars faces numerous technical hurdles before the battery in the vehicle can be sold widely.
p3544
aVThe Justice Department has accused the General Electric Company of defrauding the Pentagon of more than $30 million on the sale of jet engines and support services to the Israeli Air Force, according to a lawsuit made public yesterday. The civil fraud charges are the first against an American military contractor in the case, which has already led to a guilty plea in Israel by an Israeli Air Force general on fraud and bribery charges. The case has deeply embarrassed the Israeli military, which receives $1.8 billion from the United States annually to finance weapons purchases from American contractors, and has led to a Federal criminal investigation in the United States of General Electric and several of its current and former employees.
p3545
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation has filed suit against three law firms, charging two of them with disclosing confidential documents and a third with using the information to generate lawsuits against the company. Two of the firms denied the charges, with one suggesting that Westinghouse was trying to divert attention from troubles with equipment it sold to electric utilities. The third firm did not respond to calls seeking comment.
p3546
asS'199105'
p3547
(lp3548
VThe General Electric Company said today that it had won a license from the Japanese Government to begin building two nuclear power plants in Japan that will bring the company more than $1 billion in revenue. G.E. said the Ministry of International Trade and Industry had granted permits for its G.E. Nuclear unit and its partners, Hitachi Ltd. and the Toshiba Corporation, to begin the project. The license gives formal approval for the joint venture to proceed with the $4.8 billion order placed Friday by the Tokyo Electric Power Company, a G.E. spokesman said.
p3549
aVThe General Electric Company said its jet-engine division would lay off 1,800 people, including 1,000 who worked on its losing bid to supply engines to the Air Force's newest jet fighter. The layoffs had been expected since last week, when the Pentagon chose Pratt & Whitney Inc. to supply engines for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. The layoffs represent about 5 percent of the work force of 37,000 at G.E.'s plant in Evendale, Ohio.
p3550
aVProduction of the Reatta, a sporty two-seat Buick, has ended to make way for a new electric car by the General Motors Corporation. The last Reatta came off the assembly line on Tuesday. Although G.M. has not said officially, the company is expected to build a version of its Impact electric car at the plant by 1993. Through May 10, G.M. had sold 1,008 Reattas, down 60.2 percent from the same time a year ago. During its four years in production at the Craft Centre plant, about 21,000 Reattas were built. About 500 workers will be laid off at the plant, as maintenance and cleanup work is done.
p3551
aVA Federal judge extended for 10 more days an order blocking construction of the nation's second Seawolf nuclear submarine. United States District Judge Robert G. Doumar made the announcement while hearing arguments regarding the Seawolf contract awarded May 3 by the Navy. The contract went to the Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation in Groton, Conn. The competing bidder, the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, a unit of Tenneco Inc., filed suit challenging the award. Both bidders had warned the Navy before the award was made that loss of the contract could put them out of the submarine-building business.
p3552
aVBarclays Bank P.L.C. said that its Mercantile Credit Company Ltd. subsidiary had agreed to sell its vehicles-loans business to the GE Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company. Terms of the sale, which involves six Mercantile Credit branch offices in Britain and 130 staff members, were not disclosed. Barclays estimated the assets were worth $450 million.
p3553
aVThe General Electric Company took advantage of favorable rate conditions yesterday, entering the debt market to sell $500 million in five-year notes through underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody & Company. Underwriters gave the notes, which reach maturity on May 1, 1996, a 7 7/8 percent coupon. The issue was then priced for offering at 99.934 to yield 7.89 percent, or about 30 basis points more than Treasury securities with a similar maturity. The company's debt is among the few that are still rated triple-A by both Moody's and S.& P.
p3554
aVThe Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company said today that it had filed a lawsuit challenging its loss of a contract to build the Seawolf submarine. The suit, filed on Monday in Federal District Court in Norfolk, seeks to set aside the Navy's awarding of the $1.8 billion contract last week to the General Dynamics Corporation's Electric Boat division in Groton, Conn.
p3555
aVBusiness is better than ever at the Intermagnetics General Corporation, with the latest profits easily setting a company record. But those who follow the company wonder how long it can remain the world's leading independent supplier of products based on superconductivity. Superconductivity -- a mysterious phenomenon of materials that lose all resistance to electricity and create powerful magnetic fields -- has become one of the hottest areas of research thanks to the discovery in 1986 of ceramic conductors.
p3556
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had sold its 50 percent stake in RCA Columbia Home Video, to the Sony Corporation, its partner in the joint venture. The news came as little surprise to the industry, in which a sale had been rumored for some time. RCA Columbia Home Video is one of the largest worldwide home video businesses, said Patrick Campbell, its president. In the United States, only Warner Home Video is larger, and RCA Columbia is the largest overseas.
p3557
aV* Adobe Systems Inc., Palo Alto, Calif., a software maker, signed an agreement giving Lexmark International Inc., the former information products division of International Business Machines Corp., rights to Adobe's postscript language interpreter. * Alta Energy Corp., Midland, Tex., an oil and gas company, said a special board committee had decided to negotiate with Hartford Energy Corp., Alta's controlling stockholder, a business combination involving Hartford, its affiliates and Alta.
p3558
asS'197009'
p3559
(lp3560
sS'197008'
p3561
(lp3562
sS'200404'
p3563
(lp3564
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its first-quarter earnings rose, aided by a rebound in orders at some of its industrial units as well as recent acquisitions in businesses including health care and consumer finance. For the quarter, G.E. said it earned $3.24 billion, or 32 cents a share, up about 1 percent from the period a year ago, when the company reported net income of $3.21 billion, or 32 cents a share. Those results were before the effect of a required accounting change. Including that change, the prior year's earnings were just under $3 billion, or 30 cents a share.
p3565
aVParmalat USA Corp., New York, a bankrupt subsidiary of Parmalat Finanziaria S.p.A., Milan, Italy's largest food company, reached an agreement with the lender General Electric Capital, a unit of General Electric, Fairfield, Conn., that buys more time to find a buyer for its assets without defaulting on a $35 million loan. Spiegel Inc., Downers Grove, Il., the bankrupt retailer and publisher of the Spiegel catalog, won court permission to auction its Newport News women's apparel unit. Pangea Holdings Ltd., has offered $25 million in cash for the assets. Competing bids will start at $26.35 million at the May 11 auction.
p3566
aVThe Federal Trade Commission will not oppose the proposed merger of General Electric's NBC television network and Vivendi Universal Entertainment, G.E. said yesterday. G.E. said it expected the merger to close in the next few weeks. G.E. moved in October to merge its television network in a $43 billion deal with Vivendi's Universal Studios, theme parks and cable networks.
p3567
aVThe Avista Corporation, an owner of utilities in the Northwest, was cleared by federal regulators of accusations that it helped the Enron Corporation manipulate power prices during the California energy crisis of 2000 and 2001. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission affirmed the findings of a staff investigation, which found that Avista did not engage in improper trading tactics with the utility unit of Enron's Portland General Electric Company. A commission administrative law judge approved a settlement clearing Avista in July.
p3568
aVIs Iraq the right destination for a 48-year-old with eight grandchildren? Cynthia Johnson, the grandmother in question, laughed at the query as she tried on an airtight yellow jumpsuit that might protect her from a chemical weapons attack. Ms. Johnson and hundreds of others hired by the Halliburton Company packed into what used to be a J.C. Penney store at the Greenspoint Mall here this week to prepare to go to Iraq. She said her job there, serving food to American troops, was more promising than her previous occupation, cooking on an offshore oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico.
p3569
aVAttorneys general in six states joined in a suit yesterday to block Arch Coal Inc.'s planned purchase of a rival, the Triton Coal Company, arguing that the deal would result in higher electric utility rates. The lawsuit, filed in United States District Court in Washington, came two days after the Federal Trade Commission said it would take legal action to stop the $364 million deal, citing antitrust concerns. The F.T.C. and the six states contend the purchase would harm competition among coal producers in the Southern Powder River Basin of Wyoming, a major coal-producing region. Arch, which is based in St. Louis, is the nation's sixth-largest coal producer, and Triton, a subsidiary of New Vulcan Coal Holdings of Fairview Heights, Ill., is the seventh largest. Steven Leer, Arch's chief executive, said the acquisition would create efficiencies that would benefit consumers.
p3570
aVThe Bechtel Group and the General Electric Company, partners of the Enron Corporation in the Dabhol Power Company in India, have bought 65 percent of Dabhol to recoup part of the $1.2 billion they invested in the failed $3 billion venture. Bechtel and a financing unit of General Electric bought Enron's 65 percent stake in Dabhol for $22 million through a United States bankruptcy court in Manhattan, a Bechtel spokesman, Jeff Leichtman, said on Monday. The companies, the two main contractors for the plant, each had a 10 percent stake.
p3571
aVThe Boeing Company announced yesterday that it had selected the General Electric Company and Rolls-Royce Group P.L.C. to supply engines for the new 7E7 aircraft. The two companies beat out Pratt & Whitney, part of the United Technologies Corporation, for a contract estimated to be worth as much as $40 billion over 25 years.
p3572
aVThe General Electric Company's real estate unit has agreed to buy a developer, Haslemere, from a group of investors for 202 million ($357 million), cementing an alliance between the two companies to manage malls in Britain. The G.E. unit, GE Real Estate, will own 98 percent of Haslemere after the cash transaction is completed by the end of next month, according to a statement from the companies. The sellers include Brack Capital Group, part of a venture that bought Haslemere in 2002 for about $1.3 billion before selling some assets. GE Real Estate, based in Stamford, Conn., and Haslemere last year formed a venture to own five of Haslemere's malls in Britain and Scotland.
p3573
aVVivendi Universal and Barry Diller's InterActiveCorp have reached a deal that will clear the way for a merger of Vivendi's United States entertainment unit with the NBC television network, the companies said yesterday. Vivendi and InterActiveCorp said they had agreed on the form of letters of credit that would be issued to InterActiveCorp, which holds a minority stake in the Vivendi entertainment unit. They also agreed that Vivendi's lawsuit in a Delaware court against InterActiveCorp would be suspended until the closing of the Vivendi-NBC deal and would be dismissed after the letters of credit were issued and accepted at the closing. NBC is owned by General Electric.
p3574
asS'200405'
p3575
(lp3576
VBoeing Capital, the financing unit of Boeing, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its commercial finance portfolio to a subsidiary of General Electric for about $2 billion. The acquisition by the G.E. unit, GE Commercial Finance, includes secured loans as well as financing and operating leases on such equipment as corporate jets, machine tools, printing presses and marine vessels. Boeing said the portfolio of loans and leases had been successful, but signaled its intention earlier this year to pull out of markets not involved with aerospace. The two sides said the transaction was expected to be completed in the second quarter.
p3577
aVThe General Electric Company has sold $2.83 billion of shares in its insurance unit, 7.1 percent below its minimum target price. General Electric sold 145 million shares in the initial public offering of Genworth Financial Inc. at $19.50 each. That was lower than a price range of $21 to $23 a share indicated in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing yesterday.
p3578
aVLawyers representing General Electric made a stinging attack on the European Commission on Thursday during an appeal of the commission's veto of General Electric's $43 billion acquisition of the avionics company Honeywell in 2001. That deal will not be revived even if General Electric's legal team persuades the Court of First Instance in Luxembourg to annul the three-year-old order. G.E. and Honeywell are appealing the ruling in order to clarify European law on mergers.
p3579
aVThe credit rating of the US Airways Group was downgraded one level by Standard & Poor's yesterday, casting doubt on the airline's financing from the General Electric Company for new smaller jets that would reduce costs. The downgrading came on the day that Edward G. Rendell, the governor of Pennsylvania, said that US Airways told him it might stop using Pittsburgh as a base.
p3580
aVBarry Diller, who controls the Internet commerce company InterActiveCorp, sold his personal stake in Vivendi Universal Entertainment for $275 million after Vivendi Universal exercised a call right. Vivendi, which completed the sale of its media assets in the United States to the General Electric Company's NBC on Wednesday, bought Diller's 1.5 percent stake, Vivendi's chief operating officer, Jean-Bernard Levy, said on a conference call with investors. InterActiveCorp will keep its 5.4 percent in the entertainment unit, which is being folded into NBC Universal, he said.
p3581
aVThe NBC unit of General Electric is expected to announce the completion of its merger with Vivendi Universal Entertainment at a news conference today that will introduce the top management of the new company. Most of the details of the new structure have been known for some time. Robert C. Wright, the NBC chairman, will lead the combined entity, to be called NBC Universal. Under him, Jeff Zucker and Randy Falco will share duties leading the NBC unit, while Ron Meyer will keep his position as the chief executive of the Universal division. But some new aspects of the deal are expected to be announced today, one senior NBC executive said. The news conference will be held in the studio that houses ''Saturday Night Live,'' at the NBC headquarters in Rockefeller Center. The merger will necessitate some layoffs, though they are not expected to be widespread. As few as 500 of the combined company's 15,000 employees are expected to be laid off: most of these are expected to be Universal employees. Bill Carter (NYT)
p3582
aVSome of the nation's largest employers, including General Electric, I.B.M., McDonald's and Sears, Roebuck, plan to pool their buying power to try extending health coverage to part-time employees and other workers without insurance. But some analysts say that even if the companies succeed, they will make only a small dent in the enormous number of the nation's uninsured -- more than 43 million and growing.
p3583
aVNot long ago, William Clay Ford Jr., chief executive of Ford Motor, found himself signing autographs for some young admirers. ''I only have two heroes in my life, and he's one of them,'' said Christopher Larsch, a 12-year-old clearly being groomed for management by his mother, a Ford accountant. Chris, wearing an outsize Detroit Red Wings jersey, was among a throng crowding Mr. Ford at company headquarters here during Take Our Children to Work Day.
p3584
aVMetro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. said yesterday that it was postponing its annual meeting to June 29 from next Wednesday because it was ''considering strategic alternatives.'' MGM is in discussions about a sale to a group that includes the Sony Corporation and two private equity firms, the Texas Pacific Group and Providence Equity Partners, for about $5 billion.
p3585
aVReport on Tankers Puts Boeing Deal in Doubt In a serious setback for Boeing, a Pentagon-commissioned report concludes that the Air Force does not need to immediately replace its aging tanker fleet, a conclusion that could spell the end of a $20 billion tanker lease proposal by the Air Force and the company. The Defense Science Board, a quasi-governmental body, found that there was ''no compelling material or financial reason'' to begin to replace the Air Force's tanker fleet until futher studies were undertaken. [C4.]
p3586
asS'200406'
p3587
(lp3588
VGE Energy, a unit of General Electric, has agreed to buy BHA Group Holdings for $260 million, expanding its environmental services business, G.E. said yesterday. GE Energy will pay $38 a share for the BHA Group, a provider of air-quality-control products and services. Upon the deal's closing, expected in late summer, BHA will be integrated into GE Energy. Stock in the BHA Group was up $5.13, or 16 percent, at $37.72 a share yesterday. BHA supplies parts, services and upgrades to cut emissions for a range of power-producing and industrial applications.
p3589
aVA state judge has ordered a regulatory hearing into whether Portland General Electric, a unit of Enron, fraudulently collected more than $665 million from ratepayers to cover corporate income taxes that Enron never paid. Because utilities are legal monopolies, the prices they charge are set by state utility regulatory boards, federal and state corporate income taxes are some of the expenses to be included in rates paid by customers. Historically, the regulators assumed that whatever taxes were included in electric rates would then actually be paid by the utility or its parent, though the rise of tax shelters and changes in federal tax law have raised questions about whether that assumption remains valid.
p3590
aVGeneral Motors, Detroit, the major automaker, said it would spend $160 million to prepare for new truck models at an Arlington, Tex., factory that builds sport-utility vehicles. Sears, Roebuck & Co., Hoffman Estates, Ill., the department-store giant, agreed to buy Standards of Excellence, San Diego, an appliance dealer, to bolster sales in the luxury home market. Terms were not disclosed.
p3591
aVSales of the largest sport utility vehicles rebounded last month from a weak April as shoppers appeared to shrug off concerns about gas prices climbing above $2 a gallon. But liberal incentives offered last month on the largest sport utilities raise some questions about the quality of the sales results. Automakers offered average rebates of $3,477 for large sport utility vehicles in May, a substantial increase from $2,557 a year earlier, according to Power Information Network, an affiliate of J.D. Power & Associates. Industrywide, rebate spending rose to $2,719 last month from $2,535 a vehicle a year ago.
p3592
aVIn the tumult of putting a new government in place in India, the stock of Reliance Industries was a good gauge of expectations about the prospects for continued economic liberalization. It registered each low and high point in the political process. It plunged at the incumbent prime minister's surprising loss and chugged upward as fears of a sharp leftward swing abated and a new prime minister, Manmohan Singh, an economist who began the liberalization of India's economy, was named.
p3593
aVThe independent studio Lions Gate Films will distribute Michael Moore's documentary ''Fahrenheit 9/11,'' which has gained wide notice for its critique of President Bush and was spurned for distribution by the Walt Disney Company. It will be released on June 25 in about 1,000 theaters. IFC Entertainment is putting up 25 percent of the theatrical distribution costs, which could range from $8 million to $10 million, said executives involved in the deal. Showtime, which already has a deal in place with Lions Gate, will show the film on pay cable.
p3594
aVAs the broadcast television networks conclude selling commercial time ahead of the start of the 2004-5 prime-time season, their results are coming in about as had been expected: two up, two down, two flat. The advance-sales bazaar, known as the upfront market, is ending as three networks that had still been negotiating last week (ABC, CBS and UPN) said yesterday that they had joined the three that finished last week (Fox Broadcasting, NBC and WB).
p3595
aVJean-Marie Messier, the former chief of Vivendi Universal, the French telecommunication and media conglomerate, was questioned by authorities on Monday and then held in custody overnight by the French financial police as part of an investigation into stock price manipulation. Mr. Messier, who appeared for questioning early Monday morning, can be held for up to 48 hours before prosecutors decide whether to place him under formal investigation, the last step before being charged. Mr. Messier had requested that he be placed under investigation in March to be granted access to the evidence against him and others in the case, his lawyer said.
p3596
aVJean-Marie Messier, the former chief executive of Vivendi Universal, the French telecommunications and media group, was placed under formal investigation early Wednesday on suspicion of share-price manipulation, providing false information and embezzlement as part of an inquiry into the company's accounts for 2000 and 2001. Mr. Messier was questioned by police for almost 36 hours before he was transferred for a hearing to the offices of the prosecutors Henri Pons and Ren Cros, who began the inquiry in October 2002.
p3597
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financing this week included today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills tomorrow. According to traders, at the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 1.20 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 1.49 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.94 percent.
p3598
asS'199109'
p3599
(lp3600
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it would take a $1.8 billion non-cash, after-tax charge against its earnings for the first quarter of the year to comply with a new accounting rule concerning retirees' health benefits. The charge to earnings, which works out to be about $2.07 a share for the quarter that ended on March 31, will turn a gain of $1.15 a share into a loss of 85 to 95 cents after the company's earnings are restated. Still, G.E.'s shares rose $1.875 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange to close at $69.75.
p3601
aVGE Aerospace, citing tough competition in a shrinking military market, said today that it would eliminate about 2,000 jobs by the middle of next year through attrition, retirements and layoffs. The cuts will affect workers in Camden, East Windsor and Moorestown, N.J., as well as in Philadelphia and nearby Valley Forge, Pa., where GE Aerospace is based.
p3602
aVBy reopening the debate in Congress on the appropriate level of military spending, President Bush's move to reduce the nation's nuclear forces raises the possibility that Pentagon contractors will face deeper and faster cuts in weapons programs than they previously envisioned, analysts said today. In acknowledging in his speech on Friday that the threat from the Soviet Union is considerably diminished, President Bush made it easier for Democrats in Congress to oppose a wide range of weapons programs, analysts and industry executives said. Support for the Northrop Corporation's B-2 Stealth bomber, already waning, eroded further over the weekend, with even staunch supporters like Senator Sam Nunn, Democrat of Georgia, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, saying the program should be scaled back.
p3603
aV* Hughes Aircraft Co., Los Angeles, a unit of General Motors Corp., said it had opened a plant in Torrance, Calif., to design power electronics for G.M.'s electric vehicles program. * Ivax Corp., Miami, a maker of lubricating oils, said it had entered into a letter of intent with Willen Drug Co. regarding Ivax's acquisition by Willen.
p3604
aNaVAnthony S. D'Amato was elected chief executive of Borden Inc., the company announced yesterday. He has been president and chief operating officer of the food and industrial products company since July 1990. Mr. D'Amato, who succeeds R. J. Ventres on Nov. 1, said in a telephone interview yesterday that his priority for the company was completing a two-year-old restructuring plan intended to streamline its business and shed unprofitable operations, particularly in the dairy industry.
p3605
aVThe British Government today awarded a $2.5 billion contract for military helicopters to a consortium led by I.B.M. Defense Secretary Tom King said the consortium, comprising the International Business Machines Corporation and Westland Helicopters of Britain, offered the best deal to produce 44 anti-submarine helicopters for the Royal Navy.
p3606
aVFor its 1988 annual report, the Progressive Corporation, a Cleveland-based auto insurance company, commissioned seven artists to illustrate individuality, personal growth, flexibity and other values it deems important in business. The next year's report featured art depicting the horrors of drunken driving. After each report came out, Progressive invited several of the artists to discuss the creative process with employees. "Interacting with art and artists challenges the natural inclination to remain inflexible," said Toby Devan Lewis, Progressive's art curator.
p3607
aVThe GTE Corporation said yesterday that it might sell its $2.3 billion electrical products group, including Sylvania light bulbs, which would allow it to concentrate more on its already huge telecommunications business. GTE would use proceeds from a sale to raise cash and pay down debt. But, more importantly, some analysts said, a sale would keep management from being distracted by anything other than the fast-growing, highly competitive telecommunications field.
p3608
aVTURNING the H.M.O. concept on its head, a handful of companies have pursuaded health- maintenance organizations to charge on a fee-for-service basis, instead of taking the usual prepaid fee that covers employees even if they do not need medical attention. Honeywell has persuaded H.M.O.'s in Minneapolis and Phoenix to accept this arrangement, and General Electric, Control Data and a few other companies have made similar deals. These companies say such a system helps slow the rise in employee medical costs.
p3609
asS'196811'
p3610
(lp3611
sS'196810'
p3612
(lp3613
sS'200402'
p3614
(lp3615
VA federal bankruptcy judge in New York granted Enron approval yesterday to sell Portland General Electric to an investment group led by a former Oregon governor, Neil E. Goldschmidt. The sale, for $1.25 billion and the assumption of $1.1 billion in debt, was approved by Judge Arthur J. Gonzalez of United States Bankruptcy Court and is now subject to approval by state and federal regulators, a process that could take up to a year, officials said. Mr. Goldschmidt was traveling and unavailable for comment. In November, he announced that he was leading an investment group called Oregon Electric Utility to buy PGE. The purchase is backed with financing by the Texas Pacific Group, whose investors include a number of the nation's largest public and private pension funds, banks and insurance companies.
p3616
aVMILLIONS have been made by turning water into a designer product and putting it in attractive bottles aimed at the hip and health-conscious. But those who see money when they look at water are now far more intrigued by two areas of the business that are less sexy, but potentially far more lucrative: providing clean water for industrial and municipal use, and cleaning dirty water when that use is done. Small wonder. According to Kerry Stirton, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, industrial water treatment alone is a $35 billion global market. When municipal treatment systems and other water processes are factored in, he said, water-related revenue may even top $100 billion.
p3617
aVThe Honda Motor Company and General Electric have agreed to develop, produce and market an engine for small business jets with the aim of becoming a major force in a growing market. The pact is a step toward Honda's goal of entering the aircraft business, and expands General Electric's lineup of jet engines into the lightweight segment. The engine will be based on a turbofan engine that Honda developed and used on an experimental small business jet. A agreement is expected to be signed by the end of the year.
p3618
aVArmed with a proposal that ran just two and a half pages, John F. Welch Jr., the former chairman of General Electric, sold the world rights yesterday for a how-to business manual to HarperCollins, a unit of the News Corporation, for an estimated $4 million. The book, which will be called ''Winning,'' did not quite fetch the advance of ''Jack: Straight From the Gut,'' which he sold in 2000 without any written proposal for an extraordinary advance of $7.1 million. But the $4 million HarperCollins is said to be paying is still a hefty sum for a business book, or any book for that matter.
p3619
aVON the face of it, SSM St. Joseph Health Center, a small hospital in suburban St. Louis, does not seem very revolutionary in business terms. The hospital is a nonprofit institution run by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary. The chief executive, Alan Kevin Kast, is a former seminarian who begins his meetings with prayer and refers to his hospital as a ministry. A crucifix hangs in every room. Yet St. Joseph is also guided by worldly objectives. The 364-bed hospital, part of SSM Health Care, which has 20 hospitals in four states and is led by Sister Mary Jean Ryan, is in the vanguard of health care change. By using the quality and productivity techniques that helped strengthen American industry in the 1980's, the hospital has improved patient care and reduced medication errors, waiting time in the emergency room and infection rates. It has even sharply reduced nursing turnover, which prevents many hospitals from delivering consistent care.
p3620
aVOn North Korea's desolate eastern coast, 600 miles directly across the Sea of Japan from here, soldiers guard an abandoned construction site where two light-water nuclear reactors were to be built. North Korea is desperately short of energy, and agreed in 1994 to halt its nuclear weapons program in exchange for help from its capitalist neighbors and the United States in building nuclear power plants. But work at the site was halted on Dec. 1 because the United States said North Korea had violated the 1994 agreement by pursuing nuclear weapons anyway. On Friday, the State Department said the civilian nuclear power program had ''no future.'' In retaliation, North Korea is holding hostage the construction equipment at the site belonging to contractors from South Korea, which has sunk almost $1 billion into the project.
p3621
aVThe recent pickup in spending on networking equipment -- the routers and switches that move information across the Internet and private networks -- may be less impressive than it first appears. In the last few months, Cisco Systems and other networking companies have reported big gains in their sales and profits, fueling a revival in technology stocks.
p3622
aVSTUNG by the depiction of its chairman and chief executive as Pinocchio in an advertisement, the Ford Motor Company has sent a cease-and-desist letter to an environmental group responsible for the ad. Ford is demanding that the group, Bluewater Network, which is based in San Francisco, stop ''unlawful conduct'' in a print and Internet campaign that attacks Ford's environmental policies.
p3623
aVI.B.M. waded into the debate over stock options yesterday by announcing that it was overhauling the way it pays its senior executives so their stock awards only become valuable if the company's shares rise by 10 percent or more. I.B.M., analysts say, is the first large American company to adopt a program in which its senior management team is granted stock options at a price higher than what shares are selling for at the time they are issued. The approach, they noted, ensures that I.B.M.'s public shareholders add at least modestly to their wealth before I.B.M. executives can begin to cash in their stock options.
p3624
aVNothing, it seems, can stop the Russian stock market. Russia's sources of wealth -- oil, gas, gold and other metals -- are fetching lofty prices and helping power what the country's finance minister recently warned could be a stock market bubble. The market was up 57 percent in 2003.
p3625
asS'196812'
p3626
(lp3627
sS'200408'
p3628
(lp3629
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had agreed to buy DeltaBank, an issuer of Visa credit cards and personal loans that is based in Moscow. Terms were not disclosed. The purchase is General Electric's biggest investment in Russia to date, the companies said. General Electric, based in Fairfield, Conn., is expanding its consumer finance activities under the GE Money brand in Europe and Asia. DeltaBank -- which is owned by funds managed by Delta Capital Management -- has 5 branches and about 70 outlets at retailers like Ikea, said Dan O'Connor, the president of GE Consumer Finance in Europe. It hopes to expand to at least 50 branches, he said.
p3630
aVThe General Electric Company received approval from Germany's competition agency, the Federal Cartel Office, for its $900 million acquisition of InVision Technologies Inc. on the condition that G.E. sells InVision's nondestructive testing unit. The agency said it included the condition because otherwise General Electric and InVision, the No.1 supplier of bomb detection machines at airports in the United States, would have a dominant position in this market. The two companies have agreed to sell the same InVision business to receive approval from the Federal Trade Commission in the United States, the German competition authority said. General Electric, based in Fairfield, Conn., agreed to buy InVision in March to increase its security-equipment business.
p3631
aVThe General Electric Company's financing unit said that it would buy a $371 million stake in the ailing financial arm of the Hyundai Motor Company to expand into South Korea's $8.6 billion auto financing market. The financial arm, Hyundai Capital Services, which is 84 percent owned by Hyundai Motor, said the G.E. unit, GE Consumer Finance, would invest 1 trillion won ($859 million) by 2006. The investment into Hyundai Capital cuts Hyundai Motor's exposure to the unit, which suffered a net loss of 187.3 billion won last year. Hyundai Capital said GE Consumer Finance would pay 432 billion won ($370 million ) for a 38 percent stake, or 16,000 won a share, with an option to buy an additional 5 percent in 2006.
p3632
aVProfit at Toyota Motor jumped 29 percent in the quarter just ended as the company, the world's second-largest automaker, reaped the benefits of an ambitious global expansion with sales rising in every major overseas market. Toyota reported net income of 286.6 billion yen ($2.59 billion), or 86.22 yen a share, for the quarter ended June 30, compared with 222.6 billion yen, or 64.83 yen a share, in the same quarter last year on growing sales of minivans and sport-utility vehicles in the United States and a big jump in sales in Asia.
p3633
aVBecky Armendariz Klein is widely expected to lose her bid for Congress in Texas. But that has not stopped executives and lawyers from the nation's largest telephone and energy companies from pouring money into her campaign. Indeed, some of her strongest supporters expect her to fail.
p3634
aVThe temperatures within Luis Eduardo Aybar Hospital, one of this city's largest public surgery centers, sometimes climb above 100 degrees, making its operating rooms feel like saunas. But when the lights flicker on and off, and then stay off for hours, the doctors truly begin to sweat. ''I never thought I'd be practicing my trade by candlelight,'' said Dr. Csar Jesurum, a cardiologist who now does just that and frequently uses the glow from his cellphone to navigate the hospital's mazelike corridors. Backup generators often fail to operate during blackouts for lack of expensive diesel fuel.
p3635
aVDillard's Inc., the department store chain, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Dillard's National Bank assets to GE Consumer Finance for about $1.25 billion. Dillard's becomes the latest retailer to sell a credit card subsidiary, with Sears, Roebuck and Circuit City Stores having completed similar transactions in the last year.
p3636
aVUS Airways will go out of business within months if it cannot significantly cut its costs and adopt a leaner operating structure, a financial report commissioned by its pilots union concluded yesterday. The analysis, which was done by Glanzer and Company, an investment banking firm, found that the airline would risk filing for a second Chapter 11 bankruptcy by mid-September, if it missed a series of crucial financial deadlines.
p3637
aVStocks fell sharply yesterday, sending the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Nasdaq composite index to new lows for the year. All three of the market's main gauges fell 1.6 percent or more as the high price of oil and new data on retail sales raised doubts about the outlook for economic growth and, in turn, corporate earnings.
p3638
aVThe already dysfunctional marriage between NBC Universal and Paxson Communications grew more strained last week, as NBC Universal filed suit against Paxson, a partner it no longer seems interested in dancing with. A relationship that began with excited talk of expansion in 1999, when an earlier corporate incarnation of NBC Universal invested $415 million for a 32 percent stake in Paxson, the owner of 61 broadcast stations as well as PAX TV, a part-time network devoted to family programming, has curdled. NBC Universal, which once contemplated purchasing all of Paxson, now wants to call the whole thing off and redeem its investment. With the talks at an impasse, Paxson found itself being sued last Thursday over how to calculate dividends on preferred stock owned by NBC Universal.
p3639
asS'200012'
p3640
(lp3641
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would take $4 billion in pretax charges for the purchase of Honeywell International and raised its estimated annual savings from the acquisition by two-thirds, to $2.5 billion. Honeywell also reiterated that its fourth-quarter profit would be below forecasts. The company said it would take as much as $425 million in pretax charges in the period, partly because of a decision to cancel the sale of some units after the $45 billion deal with G.E. was made. The revisions come less than two months after John F. Welch Jr., the chief executive of G.E., broke up a merger between Honeywell and the United Technologies Corporation. Mr. Welch said at the time that the addition of Honeywell would be too good to pass up, and he forecast $1.5 billion in annual savings. The purchase will add 11 cents a share to profit in the first year, and 17 cents in the third year after the acquisition is completed, even if there is no growth at the Honeywell businesses, Mr. Welch said on a conference call. Shares of G.E. fell after Honeywell's warning, closing at $52.81, down $2.50.
p3642
aVEarlier this year, GE Medical Systems lost out on a multimillion-dollar deal to provide diagnostic equipment to a big hospital. The sales staff sadly accepted the loss; Jeffrey R. Immelt, the chief executive, refused to. ''He simply said, 'We cannot let this happen,' '' recalled Beth E. Klein, a vice president of Gems, as the unit is usually called.
p3643
aVThe dot-coms may get the publicity. But John F. Welch Jr. is certain that companies like General Electric will reap the profits. ''The Internet was made for big companies,'' said Mr. Welch, G.E.'s chairman and Web-champion-in-chief. ''The dot-coms understand buying and selling. But the real efficiencies come in that middle part of the equation: making things.''
p3644
aVMontgomery Ward & Company, once the greatest American retailer and the pioneer of many sales practices that became widely accepted, said yesterday that it would go out of business after 128 years. The company, owned by General Electric, said it would close its 250 stores and dismiss the 28,000 associates who run them in the coming months. It filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy court protection yesterday for a second and final time and eliminated 450 national jobs immediately. The company is based in Chicago and now operates in 30 states. The stores closest to New York City are in Poughkeepsie and Kingston.
p3645
aVMoving quickly to sign up the remaining also-ran in the race to succeed John F. Welch Jr. at General Electric, Home Depot Inc. announced yesterday that it had named Robert L. Nardelli as president and chief executive. Mr. Nardelli, 52, is president and chief executive of GE Power Systems, a $15 billion division. His appointment at Home Depot is effective immediately.
p3646
aVNobody has ordered a new nuclear plant in this country in more than 20 years, but rising demand for electricity and prices for natural gas are forestalling extinction and giving aging reactors a new lease on life. Consider Vermont Yankee, on the banks of the Connecticut River here. For years many people thought that the plant was at death's door. It is one of the oldest nuclear reactors that is still operating in the United States. The core shroud, a crucial internal part that holds the fuel in place and channels cooling water, is showing damage from age. The owners are short of money.
p3647
aVHoneywell International said yesterday that it expected fourth-quarter earnings per share to range from 70 cents to 74 cents, excluding charges, well below analysts' estimates of 86 cents. Honeywell said decisions made during the quarter related to its purchase by General Electric, among other factors, hurt earnings. Honeywell also said its UOP joint venture and some businesses that will be discontinued hurt results. UOP is a limited-liability company owned by ASI Specialty Chemicals, a Honeywell subsidiary, and Catalysts, Adsorbents and Process Systems, a subsidiary of the Union Carbide Corporation.
p3648
aVThe Russian government took a cautious step today toward beginning an overhaul of the vast electricity industry. Russia's main electricity company, Unified Energy Systems, formulated the plan, which proposes creating an electricity market by breaking up Unified's monopoly. Russia's sagging Soviet-era infrastructure, which spans 11 time zones, needs new investment to modernize.
p3649
aVCan Henry R. Silverman do it all over again? At a meeting last month with analysts and investors, Mr. Silverman, chairman and chief executive of the Cendant Corporation, talked about the ''new'' Cendant. The company, he told the assembled crowd, was actively going to pursue acquisitions to fuel growth. Its primary focus would be on building its travel and real estate businesses in brands like Ramada, Days Inn, Century 21 and Avis.
p3650
aVWHEN a water shortage gripped California in the mid-1990's, Stephen L. Baum took to showering in a bucket. He would stand in the bucket under the shower, get wet, shut off the faucet, soap up, rinse and flush the toilet with the accumulated water. Mr. Baum, the chairman of Sempra Energy, has asked his customers to take the same kind of conservation steps in response to the the current crisis gripping California -- spiraling natural-gas prices, coupled with an unprecedented shortage of electricity that has been widely attributed to a chaotic deregulation of the state's utility industry.
p3651
asS'200011'
p3652
(lp3653
VThe years that John F. Welch Jr. ran General Electric were phenomenal in many ways: earnings soared and the stock price went up even more. The company went from being highly regarded to being viewed as perhaps the best-managed company in the world. Investors have good reason to be grateful to Mr. Welch. From April 22, 1981, the day Mr. Welch took command at G.E., through yesterday, an investment in General Electric common stock rose 6,220 percent -- or 23.5 percent a year -- assuming reinvestment of all dividends and ignoring taxes and transaction costs.
p3654
aVValueVision International Inc., which owns a home shopping television channel, said it had signed a 10-year licensing and promotion deal with NBC that granted NBC warrants to buy six million shares of ValueVision in exchange for the right to use NBC's name and logo in its marketing. General Electric, which owns NBC, owns 36 percent of ValueVision; if fully exercised, the warrants would raise its stake to 44 percent.
p3655
aVEarlier this year, GE Medical Systems lost out on a multimillion-dollar deal to provide diagnostic equipment to a big hospital. The sales staff sadly accepted the loss; Jeffrey R. Immelt, the chief executive, refused to. ''He simply said, 'We cannot let this happen,' '' recalled Beth E. Klein, a vice president of Gems, as the unit is usually called.
p3656
aVThe toughest job in American business is to succeed a highly successful chief executive. For Jeffrey R. Immelt, who was named the next chairman and chief executive of the General Electric Company yesterday, that task will be even harder, as he will follow John F. Welch Jr., who has led G.E. for nearly two decades and built it into the most highly valued corporation in the nation.
p3657
aVEnding more than a year of handicapping, General Electric selected Jeffrey R. Immelt yesterday to succeed John F. Welch Jr., one of the world's most imitated business leaders, as chairman and chief executive when Mr. Welch retires at the end of next year. Although the baton will not formally pass for a year, Mr. Immelt, the 44-year-old head of GE Medical Systems, has been named president and chairman-elect of G.E. itself. The two men said yesterday that Mr. Immelt would immediately take a significant role in running G.E., which management experts have regarded as the model American corporation for more than a decade.
p3658
aVIn the summer of 1999, George David and his 50-foot sailboat, Idler, led a United States team in competition for the Admiral's Cup. He expected to win. He came in third in his class. Was he mad? Distraught? Disheartened, at least? ''I was disappointed,'' was as far as Mr. David would go.
p3659
aVHoneywell International Inc. said yesterday that it had reversed course and decided against selling its businesses in friction materials, automotive consumer products, United States security monitoring and pharmaceutical fine chemicals. With $2.5 billion in sales last year, the four units accounted for 10 percent of the company's revenue. The company said the decision grew out of its agreement last month to be acquired by General Electric for $53.3 billion in stock and assumed debt.
p3660
aVWHILE some of his neighbors are concerned about rising energy prices, Thomas Hood sits comfortably in his 1820 home in Westhampton on Long Island, watching his utility meter move backward even as colder weather sets in. Mr. Hood, 44, a software salesman and a self-described science enthusiast and environmentalist, figures that he has saved, on average, $200 a month on utility bills after installing an elaborate and pricey solar energy system. It not only powers his five-bedroom colonial-style home but sometimes generates an energy surplus that he sells to the Long Island Power Authority.
p3661
aVCisco Systems reported a 66 percent gain in sales for its fiscal first quarter today, as the company continued its torrid growth as the leading supplier of equipment for the architecture of the Internet. It was the company's 11th consecutive quarter of accelerating year-over-year revenue growth, despite some analysts' concerns that overall growth in the telecommunications hardware business may be starting to slow. Excluding acquisition-related charges, Cisco exceeded analysts' estimates by a penny a share. The company, whose headquarters is in San Jose, Calif., reported its results after the close of the market. Cisco stock fell $1.63 in regular Nasdaq trading to close at $55.13. In extended trading, the shares rose sharply before dropping another 75 cents, to $54.38.
p3662
aVThe chief executive of Russia's national power company, Anatoly B. Chubais, has joined forces with the governor of this vast Siberian region to resolve a simmering dispute over the price of electricity here. On a three-day visit to Krasnoyarsk, a region rich in resources that is five times the size of France, Mr. Chubais pressed for the application of a price increase that has been suspended since an aluminum company took it to court in September.
p3663
asS'200010'
p3664
(lp3665
VThe General Electric Company, apparently immune to the weak euro and the softening economy, said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings rose 20 percent, meeting analysts' estimates. For the quarter ended Sept. 30, net income rose to $3.18 billion, or 32 cents a share, compared with $2.65 billion, or 27 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier when adjusted for a 3-for-1 stock split. Revenue increased 18 percent, to $32 billion from $27.2 billion.
p3666
aVMichael R. Bonsignore, the chief executive of Honeywell International, and John F. Welch Jr., General Electric's chief, sat side by side yesterday on the stage in an NBC studio in the G.E. building in Rockefeller Center. They both looked tired, but only Mr. Welch looked exhilarated. The occasion, of course, was the official announcement of the news that had splashed across front pages and Web sites nationwide: General Electric was buying Honeywell in a stock deal worth $45 billion.
p3667
aVThe General Electric Company's proposed $45 billion purchase of Honeywell International has been widely promoted as the last hurrah of G.E.'s chairman, John F. Welch Jr. But it may ultimately be remembered for cementing a dominant position for G.E. in the global aviation business. G.E. is already one of the major manufacturers of passenger jet engines and its finance division leases hundreds of airplanes to the world's airlines. Honeywell's $10.5 billion portfolio of aerospace businesses will double aviation-related revenue at G.E., raising it to nearly 15 percent of the $130 billion overall sales of the combined companies.
p3668
aVIS John F. Welch Jr. in over his head? The chairman of General Electric may be the most admired manager in the world, but his encore -- the planned $45 billion acquisition of Honeywell International -- could be his hardest job yet. For an executive who usually cares about the dowdiest of details, he has not figured out exactly how combining G.E. and Honeywell will work. ''Use your imagination: this thing is going to be huge,'' he said, refusing to provide concrete details last week about his shotgun acquisition of Honeywell. ''We start out where a blind man could get, because of the arithmetic, double-digit accretion,'' he said, referring to earnings growth. ''That double-digit accretion just keeps going and going and going.''
p3669
aVA counteroffer from General Electric's chairman, John F. Welch Jr., broke up United Technologies' deal to buy Honeywell International yesterday, setting off a rush of activity as other suitors considered bidding for all or part of Honeywell. Siemens A.G. of Germany, for one, is weighing its options, according to executives close to the company. And, while the acquisition-minded Tyco International denied that it planned to bid for Honeywell, executives close to Tyco said it might bid on the parts of Honeywell that G.E. or another suitor might not want.
p3670
aVThe General Electric Company has agreed to acquire Honeywell International, the diversified manufacturer, for $45 billion in stock, capping several intense rounds of deal making that broke up an impending merger between United Technologies and Honeywell. As part of the agreement, John F. Welch Jr., G.E.'s chairman, will defer his planned retirement from April until the end of 2001 to see the deal through and manage his company's largest acquisition. G.E. expects the transaction to be completed by early next year.
p3671
aVMost shoppers at the Virgin Megastore in Times Square who listen to cuts of, say, Macy Gray's new album, ''On How Life Is,'' essentially have two choices if they want to buy it: purchase the CD there for $17.99 or walk out and search elsewhere. But up-to-the-minute shoppers equipped with Verizon cellular phones capable of connecting to the Internet have another option. They can click on the icon for BarPoint.com Inc., an Internet database service, and punch in the CD's bar code. Those digits, unique to each product, can now be used as a shortcut to find a range of product-specific information: other CD's by the artists, for example, snippets of reviews, or exactly how much it costs at online stores. Later this year, BarPoint.com promises to list prices from the music store down the street as well.
p3672
aVRockwell International's aviation unit agreed to buy the parent of Kaiser Aerospace and Electronics for $300 million, only a day after General Electric said it would buy Rockwell's rival, Honeywell International. Rockwell Collins, part of Milwaukee-based Rockwell International, signed ''a definitive agreement'' to buy K Systems, the parent of Kaiser Aerospace and Electronics, a maker of display products for fighter aircraft and related products for the military industry, Rockwell said.
p3673
aVDOMINION RESOURCES INC., -- Richmond, Va., the top integrated electricity and natural gas company in the United States, agreed to sell $948 million in commercial loans held by its First Source Financial unit to GE Capital Commercial Finance, a unit of the General Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn.
p3674
aVTEXACO INC., White Plains, agreed to buy a stake in GM Ovonic, which makes batteries for electric cars, from General Motors. SILICON ENERGY CORP., Alameda, Calif., will seek to raise as much as $80.5 million through an initial public offering.
p3675
asS'199810'
p3676
(lp3677
VThe General Electric Company said today that its third-quarter profit rose 13 percent, matching expectations, even as delayed shipments of power-generating equipment were partly responsible for disappointing sales growth. Net income at G.E., owner of the world's largest nonbank finance company and the top-rated NBC television network, rose to $2.28 billion, or 69 cents a diluted share, from $2.01 billion, or 60 cents, a year earlier. Sales rose 9.8 percent, to $24.14 billion from $21.99 billion, less than the 15 to 20 percent increase that G.E. predicted in early September.
p3678
aVPitney Bowes Inc. said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its lease finance unit to the General Electric Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, for more than $800 million in cash. The move is the latest in a year-long restructuring by Pitney Bowes, based in Stamford, Conn., a maker of postage meters, mailing systems, copiers and other equipment. The unit being sold, the Colonial Pacific Leasing Corporation, is based in Portland, Ore., and finances equipment leases through a network of 355 brokers and agents, Pitney Bowes said. Its stock jumped $2.375, to $53.375, while G.E. rose $1.5625, to $74.0625.
p3679
aVHas GE Capital, the mammoth financial services operation, become too much of a good thing for its parent, the General Electric Company? Its relentless growth over the years has made it a key source of profit for G.E. and one of the reasons that the company is famous for making its numbers. But with the tumult abroad and at home causing investors to shy away from financial service concerns, G.E. could be looking for ways to divert attention from this golden goose. Speculation is rampant that General Electric will soon announce sweeping changes at the subsidiary. Gary C. Wendt, GE Capital's chief executive and the man largely responsible for its success, is widely expected to leave. In addition to naming new leadership to replace him, General Electric is said to be close to a reorganization of GE Capital that would make it easier to manage and a less visible force on the parent company's bottom line.
p3680
aVThe General Dynamics Corporation, the nation's fourth-largest military contractor, said yesterday that it would buy Nassco Holdings Inc. to strengthen its ship-repair business and to compete better for future commercial and Navy contracts. General Dynamics will pay $370 million in cash and assume $45 million in debt for Nassco, an employee-owned company based in San Diego that is the parent of the National Steel and Shipbuilding Company. General Dynamics already owns the Bath Iron Works in Maine, a destroyer builder for the Navy, and Electric Boat, in Groton, Conn., a submarine builder. Nassco specializes in smaller Navy vessels, like support ships, and also builds commercial ships.
p3681
aVStewart & Stevenson Services agreed today to return $84 million to the General Electric Company after lowering by 14 percent, to $516 million, the price G.E. is paying for a gas-turbine business. It said that to do so, it would take a charge of $20 million, or 71 cents a share, in its fiscal quarter ending on Oct. 31 and that part of the reason for the adjustment was weak demand from Asia.
p3682
aVGE Capital agreed yesterday to acquire the Eagle Star Reinsurance Company from Zurich Financial Services. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. The companies said the sale does not include business written by Eagle Star before 1993. Eagle Star, based in London, provides reinsurance around the world in the property, casualty and marine markets. It will become a part of GE Capital's Employers Reinsurance Corporation, a reinsurance company in Overland Park, Kan. Zurich Financial Services, based in Zurich, is the operating unit of Zurich Allied A.G. and Allied Zurich P.L.C. GE Capital, based in Stamford, Conn., is the global financial services arm of the General Electric Company.
p3683
aVGPA Group P.L.C., the Irish aircraft leasing company, said yesterday that an affiliate of the privately held investment partnership Texas Pacific Group would invest $115 million in GPA for a 47.7 percent equity stake. In June, the GE Capital Corporation, the financial unit of the General Electric Company, dropped an option to buy GPA for $65 million and instead took an option to buy as much as 24.9 percent of the company, which is based in Shannon, Ireland, at any time until Oct. 29, 2001. GE Capital rescued GPA from bankruptcy in 1993 and has managed the company since then. Once one of the world's biggest plane lessors, GPA has rebounded from near-bankruptcy by paring its fleet, shedding spare engines and restructuring its debt.
p3684
aVThe naming of G. Richard Wagoner Jr. today as the president and chief operating officer of the General Motors Corporation shows how the world's largest corporation is changing -- and how it is not. In an industry that still views gray hair as a prerequisite for serious responsibility, Mr. Wagoner is a brown-haired 45-year-old. Mr. Wagoner made his reputation not in G.M.'s established markets in North America and Western Europe but in its highly successful Brazilian subsidiary. He even plays basketball, not golf, and watches the basketball games of his alma mater, Duke University, at every opportunity.
p3685
aVAfter 25 years in retirement, Reddy Kilowatt, the lightning-bolt character that promoted the use of electricity, is making a comeback. The Northern States Power Company is resurrecting Reddy Kilowatt in advertising and direct marketing materials, sharing the spotlight with a recently created sibling, Reddy Flame, which represents the Northern States natural gas operations.
p3686
aVJust how focused must a company be? And how much does it have to cut before Wall Street is happy? These are the questions that the directors of Tenneco Inc. will ponder when they meet today at the company's headquarters in Greenwich, Conn. No one expects them to announce any decisions yet. But as the day wears on, they will most likely decide how to jettison Tenneco's money-losing corrugated and containerboard mills. Then the board will probably set a timetable for splitting the remaining businesses -- specialty packaging and automotive parts -- into two companies.
p3687
asS'199811'
p3688
(lp3689
VElscint Ltd. agreed yesterday to sell its diagnostic imaging unit for $100 million to a General Electric Company medical-systems subsidiary as it sheds established technologies. Elscint, a subsidiary of Elbit Medical Imaging Ltd., is selling off business units to concentrate on guided-image therapy, which uses electronic imaging for treatment. The buyer, GE Medical, is the world's biggest maker of computer X-ray and magnetic-resonance imaging machines. Earlier this week Elscint, based in Haifi, Israel, agreed to sell its computer-tomography division for $269.5 million to Picker International Inc., a unit of the London-based General Electric Company P.L.C., which is not related to the General Electric in the latest deal.
p3690
aVElscint Ltd. said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its computed tomography division to Picker International Inc. for $269.5 million. Elscint, based in Haifa, Israel, is a medical imaging company whose products also include mammography systems. It is a publicly traded unit of Elbit Medical Imaging Ltd., also an Israeli company. Picker, based in Highland Heights, Ohio, is a provider of medical imaging equipment and a unit of the London-based General Electric Company P.L.C., which is unrelated to the General Electric Company of the United States.
p3691
aVThe Abraxas Petroleum Corporation agreed yesterday to sell its natural-gas fields in southwestern Wyoming to a unit of the General Electric Company for $60.2 million and said it might use the money for acquisitions or debt reduction. Abraxas would retain a 1 percent interest in the 11,300 acres, along with some tax credits. If the G.E. unit, the GE Capital Corporation, earns a certain level of profit from sale of the gas, Abraxas, based in San Antonio, will raise its stake to at least 35 percent.
p3692
aVGE Fanuc Automation Inc. agreed yesterday to purchase Total Control Products Inc. for $11 a share, a total of about $100 million. It will also assume $20 million in debt. Total Control, a maker of industrial automation products, said the shareholders with about 50 percent of its outstanding stock had already agreed to tender their shares. To succeed, the offer requires the tender of at least two-thirds of the stock outstanding. GE Fanuc, maker of products to operate electrical equipment, is a joint venture of the General Electric Company and Fanuc Ltd., a Japanese industrial-machinery maker. Total Control, based in Melrose Park, Ill., earned $4.1 million on sales of $60.6 million in its latest fiscal year. Its shares rose $1.25 yesterday, to $10.75, in Nasdaq trading.
p3693
aVIn a move that would give it a needed edge in Japan's corporate leasing market, the GE Capital Services Corporation, the huge financial services arm of the General Electric Corporation, may acquire the leasing arm of the troubled Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan Ltd. Although G.E. would not confirm the negotiations, which were reported in several Japanese newspapers, people close to the company say talks are in progress. But they say they believe that the $900 billion yen (about $7.3 billion) cited in the newspapers is more than G.E. is willing to pay. If it does pay that much, this would be largest corporate acquisition to date in Japan.
p3694
aVThe May Department Stores Company has agreed to pay up to $27 million to settle lawsuits and consumer complaints accusing the third-largest American operator of upscale department stores of illegally collecting credit-card payments from bankrupt customers. The settlement was made public today by Attorney General Mike Fisher of Pennsylvania, Federal Trade Commission officials and lawyers for May credit-card holders. It calls for May to pay as much as $20 million to more than 37,000 customers whose debt-repayment contracts -- called reaffirmation agreements -- were not properly filed in bankruptcy courts.
p3695
aVFOR the past 26 years, William A. Oates Jr. has picked his stocks from the same 10th floor office at 50 Congress Street, in the heart of Boston's historic financial district. The holdings in his Northeast Investors Growth fund are almost always proven, successful companies, often with blue-chip pedigrees. Many people might call his approach to investing old-fashioned or stodgy, even unsophisticated. But he calls it plain old common sense. Mr. Oates, 56, doesn't use computerized screens or so-called black-box models to crunch the numbers. He employs no analysts to crank out fundamental research and ideas.
p3696
aVSO you have this 73-foot Norway spruce that has to get from Cleveland to New York. Hauling it 500 miles in a tractor-trailer or a boxcar isn't an option: It would arrive in no shape to wow crowds as Rockefeller Center's Christmas tree. And a ship would be too slow. That leaves air freight. But who has a plane big enough to handle a seven-ton conifer?
p3697
aVBACK in 1968, L. Dennis Kozlowski walked out of Seton Hall University with a bachelor's degree in finance and a certainty that numbers were the game to play and conglomerates the place to play them. So, he joined the ill-starred SCM Corporation as a financial analyst. ''I quickly learned two things,'' Mr. Kozlowski recalled. ''First, a conglomerate can become a real mess if it's just a bureaucratic holding company, and second, operations are a lot more fun than accounting.''
p3698
aVThe Treasury's schedule of financings this week is confined to today's regular weekly auction of three- and six-month bills. By the close of the New York cash market on Friday, traders said, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 4.34 percent and a six-month bill was 4.36 percent.
p3699
asS'199812'
p3700
(lp3701
VStock in the General Electric Company, owner of the world's largest nonbank finance company and of the NBC television network, soared yesterday after the company told analysts that its earnings would rise at least 14 percent a share next year. The company's chairman, John F. Welch Jr., said at a closed meeting on Monday in New York that profit at all but four of the company's 11 main businesses would rise 15 percent to 20 percent in 1999, according to analysts who attended. G.E.'s shares rose $6.3125, to $93.125, on the New York Stock Exchange, making the stock the biggest gainer of the day among those used to compute the Dow Jones industrial average.
p3702
aVPleased with its 1998 results and confident 1999 will be a record year, the General Electric Company said yesterday that its board had raised the company's quarterly dividend by 17 percent, to 35 cents a share. G.E., the conglomerate whose businesses include light bulbs, jet engines, finance and the NBC television network, said the decision to raise the dividend was related to strong earnings and cash flow in 1998. The company also said it would hold its stock buyback program to its current level of $17 billion, which amounts to about $2 billion in annual buyback expenses. The company's shares rose $2.6875 yesterday, to $96.875, just below its 52-week high.
p3703
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C., Britain's second-largest military contractor, said yesterday that it would split its aerospace and military businesses from the rest of its operations as it continues merger talks with other military companies. The military business includes missile controls, submarines and satellites. The company also makes home appliances, phone equipment and telecommunications switches.
p3704
aVHeard the latest management mantra? Six Sigma. In consultant-speak, it denotes the path to a corporate nirvana where everything -- from product design to manufacturing to billing -- proceeds without a hitch. In engineer-speak, it means no more than 3.4 defects per million widgets or procedures.
p3705
aVThe General Electric Company of Britain P.L.C., which has held merger talks with British Aerospace P.L.C. on an occasional basis since 1993, is in ''intense'' merger talks with a number of global companies and expects a decision ''soon,'' the company said today. ''We are still looking at our options and have a number of options,'' said Alasdair Jeffrey, a spokesman for the company. But the company declined to identify the companies involved in talks.
p3706
aVIn a management shake-up that had been the subject of months of speculation, Gary C. Wendt resigned yesterday as the head of GE Capital Services, the huge financial-services arm of the General Electric Company. Mr. Wendt, 56, viewed as the executive largely responsible for creating the powerhouse that fuels General Electric's impressive earnings growth, was replaced by Dennis D. Dammerman, General Electric's longtime chief financial officer.
p3707
aVAn Egyptian gas pipeline is snaking its way east across the Sinai desert, laying the groundwork for a regional power network that could bind Israel closer to its Arab neighbors and radically change its energy and security strategy. By directly fueling electric power plants, as its builders intend, the Sinai pipeline would end Israel's dependence on sources a continent or more away for vital energy imports. Israeli officials agree that the Egyptian connection would be the easiest and cheapest way to satisfy spiraling domestic power demands.
p3708
aVFour of Europe's largest aerospace companies said yesterday that they were close to combining parts of their businesses to create Europe's biggest commercial satellite maker, with sales of more than $3 billion.
p3709
aVThe General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain said yesterday that it was looking at four possible merger partners, amid continuing speculation that the company was close to an agreement. The British company, which is not related to General Electric of the United States. said the Lockheed Martin Corporation was in the running along with the Northrop Grumman Corporation, Thomson-CSF of France and British Aerospace P.L.C. Lockheed declined to comment, while a Northrop spokesman was not immediately available.
p3710
aVFIRSTPLUS FINANCIAL GROUP INC., Dallas, a home-equity lender, said an agreement to sell its loan-servicing business to Superior Bank FSB, a unit of Coast-to-Coast Financial Corp., was canceled after it was able to get credit from Beal Bank SSB.
p3711
asS'198811'
p3712
(lp3713
VLEAD: The Harris Corporation said today that it had signed an agreement to acquire the General Electric Company's semiconductor business, GE Solid State, for $206 million in cash. The deal, which was announced on a tentative basis on Aug. 15, is expected to close within 30 days.
p3714
aVLEAD: The Swedish household appliance group A.B. Electrolux said today that it had bought a United States lawn mower maker for $295 million from the General Electric Company.
p3715
aVLEAD: The Plessey Company, the British military contractor, said that several international concerns had offered to help fight a hostile bid of $:1.7 billion, or about $3 billion, from the General Electric Company P.L.C. of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany. But a Plessey spokesman declined to name the companies or disclose how they might help.
p3716
aVLEAD: The Westinghouse Electric Corporation said it would join with Multiflow Computer Inc. to market computer programs for engineers. Westinghouse will provide programs and computer systems for analyzing electricity, magnetism, heat and for other areas involved in finite element analysis. Multiflow, based in Branford, Conn., is a leader in computer technology and makes high-performance computers for science, engineering and general applications.
p3717
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company has sold its San Francisco radio station, KNBR-AM, to Century Broadcasting of Chicago for $27 million, The San Francisco Chronicle reported today. The reported sale price for the 50,000-watt station eclipses recent prices paid for other stations in the area. Century owns KMEL-FM in SanFrancisco as well as stations in Chicago, Denver and St.
p3718
aVLEAD: A Federal grand jury today charged the General Electric Company, the Pentagon's third-largest contractor, and one of its subsidiaries with trying to defraud the Defense Department of $22 million in connection with a battlefield computer system.
p3719
aVLEAD: Two moves last week by NBC have underscored just how serious the General Electric Company, the network's owner, is about turning the network's news division into a leaner and more competitive machine.
p3720
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company of Britain and Siemens A.G. of West Germany joined forces today in a $3 billion takeover offer for the Plessey Company, General Electric's main British rival.
p3721
aVLEAD: A proposed merger of two leading producers' silicone operations would probably harm competition, the Federal Trade Commission said last week.
p3722
aVLEAD: The Wickes Companies, the diversified manufacturing and retailing concern, will sell its WCI Financial Corporation subsidiary for about $300 million to a corporation founded by two of the company's executives, Wickes announced today.
p3723
asS'196508'
p3724
(lp3725
sS'199209'
p3726
(lp3727
VThe General Electric Company's board raised its quarterly dividend by 4 cents, to 59 cents, yesterday. The dividend is payable Oct. 26 to share owners as of Sept. 25. The last increase was on Nov. 22, 1991, to 55 cents from 51 cents. G.E. recently posted net earnings of $1.2 billion in the second quarter ended July 15, compared with $1.1 billion in the period a year ago. That translated to $1.42 a share, against $1.30 a share a year ago. Revenues were $15.4 billion, compared with $14.8 billion. G.E., the nation's largest manufacturer of major appliances, is a leader in factory automation, aircraft engines and military contracting.
p3728
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday it received a $500 million order to provide engines for F-16 fighter jets being sold to Turkey's air force. The pact calls for G.E.'s Aircraft Engines unit to produce the latest version of its F110 engines for 80 of the single-engine fighters, plus eight spares, for delivery starting in 1995 and running through 1998.
p3729
aVThe Rockwell International Corporation has pulled out of the General Motors Corporation's electric-vehicle program, apparently angry over having to rebid on its contract with the auto maker, Automotive News reported yesterday. Rockwell was to be the sole supplier for the car's plastic body panels, the weekly trade publication said. Both G.M. and Rockwell declined to confirm the report. G.M. has said it will mass-produce an electric car at a plant in Lansing, Mich., sometime in the mid-1990's.
p3730
aVThe General Electric Company's simulation and systems division signed an agreement under which its image processing technology will be used in Sega Enterprises Ltd.'s next generation of video and arcade games. The photo-texture technology will make the video games more realistic by using real-world pictures to produce continuous, life-like imagery, the G.E. unit said.
p3731
aVHoneywell Inc. and the General Electric Company are joining forces to sell their industrial control products and those of another G.E. joint venture to manufacturers. In January, the companies will form GE/Micro Switch Control, based at an existing G.E. manufacturing site in Charlotte, N.C. A Honeywell spokesman in Minneapolis said its Micro Switch division now accounts for a small percentage of the parent's $6.2 billion in annual sales.
p3732
aVThe credit card introduced yesterday by the General Motors Corporation brandishes a long list of features that make it, some industry analysts say, the most important new national card since A.T.& T. introduced its Universal card in March 1990. Good news for consumers, bad news for competitors. The features are a sign that consumers stand to benefit from the growing competition among banks and nonbanks for trustworthy credit risks. G.M.'s card, whose primary mission is to help the auto maker sell cars by building brand loyalty through offering rebates, is likely to take a toll on some smaller players and continue the consolidation under way among credit card companies. In the last five years, the market share of the top 10 card issuers has increased to 51.5 percent from 37 percent.
p3733
aVRAYMOND V. DAMADIAN, the man generally credited with inventing the revolutionary medical diagnostic technology known as magnetic resonance imaging, this week began a second attempt to obtain patent royalties from an industry that has overshadowed him. It has been 15 years since the white-haired, pugnacious physician-turned-entrepreneur tested the first M.R.I. machine, a development that paved the way for doctors to get vivid color images of the interior of a person's body. Since then, M.R.I. has become a $2 billion industry, with most large cities having imaging centers where the million-dollar machines are used. But while Dr. Damadian has been honored repeatedly for his invention, and his original machine is enshrined at the Smithsonian Institution, he has not succeeded in efforts to get others in the M.R.I. industry to pay him royalties.
p3734
aVThe plastic thicket of credit cards has grown denser in the last two weeks with announcements from General Motors and General Electric that they will market new cards. More junk mail can be disorienting for anyone trying to find the best terms available, but the new cards are nevertheless welcome news for consumers. Taken together, they provide a good indication of how the growing competition in the business has forced credit-card issuers, including a growing number of companies that are not banks, to offer better terms to attract or hold on to customers.
p3735
aVIF you want something done right, Marilyn and Jerry Wilson say you have to do it yourself. They want their local nuclear plant closed as soon as possible, so they established the Do-It-Yourself Committee. The committee is backing a proposition on the Oregon ballot this November to close the Trojan reactor within 30 days after the election. A former jet charter pilot, Mr. Wilson is the founder of Soloflex. The company name prompted one nuclear industry official in Washington to accuse him of ulterior motives in fighting the plant. After all, Soloflex, the official said, obviously stood to gain if a big market developed for solar power.
p3736
aVA.T.& T. said its Universal credit card now had more than 10 million accounts. The company also announced that it was cutting the interest rate on the card to 14.9 percent from 15.4 percent. The announcements, on Wednesday, held little surprise for industry analysts, who had expected some breast beating from A.T.& T. to counter the widespread news coverage in the last two weeks of new credit cards from General Electric and General Motors.
p3737
asS'199208'
p3738
(lp3739
VVolvo A.B.'s North American importing unit and the General Electric Company's finance subsidiary said yesterday that they plan a joint venture to provide financial services to Volvo customers and dealers in the United States and Canada. The Swedish auto maker's North American unit will merge its Volvo Finance North America subsidiary into the venture. A spokesman said the venture would allow Volvo to free assets invested in the finance unit. The new company will offer the same services as Volvo's North American unit, including commercial and real estate loans for Volvo dealers as well as retail loans for buyers of Volvos.
p3740
aVTwo days after it said it would retire its only nuclear plant, the Portland General Electric Company said yesterday that it would participate in the development of a 50-megawatt windmill complex near Hanford, Wash. At least three other companies plan to participate: Pacificorp, the Puget Sound Power and Light Company, and the Idaho Power Company.
p3741
aVThe General Electric Company is planning to move into the fiercely competitive credit card business and may try to entice consumers with discounts on G.E. appliances. The company's financial subsidiary, the GE Capital Corporation, plans to begin test marketing the card later this year, a spokesman, Anthony Zehnder, said today from General Electric's headquarters in Fairfield, Conn.
p3742
aVGE Capital Fleet Services, a unit of the General Electric Company, said yesterday that it had acquired Avis Europe's vehicle leasing and fleet management business from Avis Inc. GE Capital, based in Minneapolis, said the acquisition would make it the largest corporate fleet management company in the world, with more than 620,000 vehicles. It would not disclose the purchase price, but it confirmed that Avis Europe, based in Brussels, had assets of $950 million. The Avis unit has 120,000 vehicles in 14 countries.
p3743
aVA unit of the GE Capital Corporation bought 47 shopping centers from the Resolution Trust Corporation for $71 million in cash. The shopping centers, which contain 6 million square feet of retail space, are in nine states. The portfolio had a total book value of about $218 million. William Wholey, president of Wholey & Company, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., commercial real estate consulting firm, said the price General Electric was paying "blows out the bottom of the market."
p3744
aVThe Boeing Company said today that it had agreed to sell 34 of its 737-300 jets to the Southwest Airlines Company for $1.2 billion. The pending Southwest deal will be the largest 737 order since November 1989, when Delta bought 50. So far this year, 44 jets have been ordered from various carriers, and the largest order was 17 jets from Malaysian Airlines.
p3745
aVThe Maytag Corporation, citing slack demand and intense competition, said yesterday that it expected third-quarter earnings before one-time charges to drop one-third from the $24.2 million, or 23 cents a share, of net income it reported for the period a year earlier. To address those conditions, Maytag said it would reorganize its North American and European operations.
p3746
aVA Federal panel said yesterday that scientific research by American business was in a perilous state of stagnation and recommended tough steps to strengthen industry against foreign rivals, including a series of actions by the Federal Government. While many experts have issued such calls to action, this one is unusual for its breadth and authority. Its author, the National Science Board, is the policy-making arm of the National Science Foundation, a Federal agency that supports general science research in the United States and is responsible for monitoring the nation's overall scientific health.
p3747
aVIt did not pass muster with Frank Siegel, a salesman at Yaeger Watch in Manhattan. "This doesn't make much sense to me," he said. "I just can't see it." Nor did it impress Mark Young, editor of the Guinness Book of World Records, as a candidate for his collection of wonders. "Not something of general interest," he ruled.
p3748
aVThe quarterly meeting that Stanley C. Gault conducted with his staff at the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company two weeks ago resembled a pep rally before a home team's departure for the big game. The auditorium at Goodyear's headquarters here was nearly filled with 1,300 people -- senior managers but also secretaries, plant supervisors and accountants. Updating the audience on the latest company developments, Mr. Gault never missed an opportunity to emphasize the need for teamwork and the importance of everyone's contributing. "The way he talks about the company and the role we play, it just makes you feel good all over," said Barbara S. Murphy, the manager of the toll-free telephone line that fields questions and complaints about Goodyear products.
p3749
asS'199201'
p3750
(lp3751
VA General Electric Company military systems plant here will eliminate 500 jobs this year because of cuts in spending by the Pentagon. The factory, which employed about 5,000 people in the mid-1980's, now has a work force of 2,900. A spokesman said the layoffs could begin late this quarter.
p3752
aVHelped by continued strength in financial services, the General Electric Company said yesterday that profits in the last three months of 1991 edged up 2 percent, to more than $1.26 billion. It also cited growth in businesses where products are ordered many months or even years in advance, like medical equipment, power systems and aircraft engines. The double-digit profits in these businesses compensated for sharp declines at the company's NBC broadcasting subsidiary and in the economically sensitive materials group, which supplies products like plastics to a wide range of industries.
p3753
aVThe Sanyo Electric Company, a leading Japanese manufacturer of electronic goods, signed an agreement with the General Electric Company to manufacture and sell compressors for air-conditioners. Under the agreement, G.E. will produce the compressors designed by Sanyo at its plant in Columbia, Tenn., starting in October. Sanyo declined to disclose production figures under the accord, which runs through 1997.
p3754
aNaVGlen H. Hiner's recent decision to leave General Electric's plastics business to become chief executive at Owens-Corning Fiberglas has produced quick benefits for two longtime G.E. executives: Yesterday the company named Gary L. Rogers to take over as head of the $5 billion plastics business and J. Richard Stonesifer to take Mr. Rogers's place as head of the appliance business. By moving to plastics, the 47-year-old Mr. Rogers gets a chance to add to his credentials as one of a handful of General Electric Company executives in the running to succeed John F. Welch Jr., 56, as chief executive one day. Mr. Welch yesterday called him "one of the great young leaders" at the company.
p3755
aVTo the Editor: The full story of Silly Putty's origins ("Silly Putty, Now a Classic," All About/Silicone Products, Dec. 29) is one of the zaniest chapters in the history of the General Electric Research Laboratory, and offered some welcome relief from the feverish activity of World War II. I was not a participant but I was privy to the details because of my work in the lab's pilot plant.
p3756
aV* Armco Inc., Parsippany, N.J., a steel concern, and Cyclops Industries, Pittsburgh, postponed the shareholder votes on their proposed merger. * Bowater Inc., Darien, Conn., completed its previously announced purchase of an 80 percent interest in Northern Paper Inc. from Georgia-Pacific Corp. for $300 million in cash.
p3757
aVTrans World Airlines Inc., facing financial difficulties, said that leases for 35 DC-9 airplanes owned by the Polaris Aircraft Leasing Company had been renegotiated for a six-year period. Polaris is a subsidiary of the General Electric Company's GE Capital unit. T.W.A. has suffered from the sharp downturn in airline traffic during the recession and is expected to file a "prepackaged" bankruptcy plan later this year.
p3758
aVThe Tucson Electric Power Company sold a block of 3.8 million shares of Foothill Group Inc. yesterday to a number of institutional and individual investors for about $19.3 million, Foothill announced. Foothill, an industrial loan company, did not identify any of the buyers, but said none of them owned more than a 9.9 percent stake.
p3759
aVIn his first months at Tenneco, Michael H. Walsh has practically run a seminar on how to act swiftly to alter the course of an industrial giant in distress. Even so, it will take a few years before anyone can applaud Mr. Walsh for administering at Tenneco Inc. his successful industrial shock therapy, which he most recently demonstrated at the Union Pacific Railroad.
p3760
asS'199203'
p3761
(lp3762
VFollowing is an excerpt from a statement by John F. Welch Jr., General Electric's chairman and chief executive, and Edward E. Hood Jr., vice chairman, in the company's latest annual report: Over the past several years we've wrestled at all levels of this company with the question of what we are and what we want to be. Out of these discussions, and through our experiences, we've agreed upon a set of values we believe we will need to take this company forward, rapidly, through the 1990's and beyond.
p3763
aVThe General Electric Company has threatened to sue a whistle-blowing employee to recover any monetary award he receives for bringing forward allegations of wrongdoing in the company's sale of military jet engines to Israel, people involved in the case said yesterday. For several years military contractors have sought ways to blunt the provisions of a Federal law intended to encourage and protect whistle blowers. But General Electric's threat to countersue the whistle blower in this case is a highly aggressive tactic that will raise substantial questions about the way the whistle-blower law works, lawyers and Congressional investigators said. Chilling Effect Seen Proponents of the law, the False Claims Act, said countersuits from companies would have a chilling effect on prospective whistle blowers and would undercut the spirit, if not the letter, of the law.
p3764
aVGeneral Electric's chairman, John F. Welch Jr., who earned the nickname Neutron Jack on his reputation for eliminating people while leaving buildings standing, has gone through a conversion and is now preaching corporate pacifism. "We cannot afford management styles that suppress and intimidate," he said in the company's new 1991 annual report. Instead, he called on his managers to adopt a set of "soft concepts" including such warm, fuzzy notions as having "the self-confidence to empower others and behave in a boundaryless fashion."
p3765
aVThe General Electric-Tungsram joint venture that opened to much fanfare here in 1989 has called a timeout in its light-bulb making as losses of more than $13 million a year continue and substantial layoffs seem possible. The suspension of many Tungsram operations is the worst setback yet for the emerging market economy of Hungary, which has attracted more than $2.3 billion in foreign investment, more than its Central European neighbors combined, except for Germany.
p3766
aVThe Philippines and two American companies yesterday settled a lawsuit involving assertions that the companies had paid big bribes to an associate of Ferdinand E. Marcos to get a contract to build a nuclear plant near Manila. One company, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation, agreed to pay $100 million in cash and services that the Philippines characterized as repayment of the bribes. Westinghouse continued to deny that it paid any bribes, and pointed out that a Swiss arbitration panel that heard the case last year had found in its favor. And the settlement gives it a contract to run the plant and take a share of its revenues, leaving the strong possibility of profit.
p3767
aVSo many companies have been rejuvenated by the arrival of a new chief executive drawn from the management of the General Electric Company that many investors feel as if they have hit a jackpot when their companies announce such recruiting coups. Companies that hire G.E. executives usually get managers who have experience running businesses that would be among the nation's largest companies if they were independent. Most have also been through G.E.'s widely admired management training courses and have absorbed G.E.'s global perspective.
p3768
aVInternal Westinghouse documents seized by the Philippine Government indicate that Westinghouse won a contract to build a nuclear plant in that country in 1974 by paying a close associate of President Ferdinand E. Marcos more than $17 million to be a "special sales representative." The Westinghouse Electric Corporation and the Philippines reached an out-of-court settlement earlier this week, on the eve of a trial over Philippine accusations that Westinghouse and another American company, Burns & Roe Enterprises, won the contract by paying bribes to the Marcos Government. Last year the Philippine Government pressed the same case against the companies before a Swiss arbitration panel, using the same documents, and lost.
p3769
aNaVIn a drab suburb of this prosperous city stands a squat red-brick building that might pass for a high school. It is as unremarkable as the train station opposite. Yet recently, top executives of I.B.M. have been taking a keen interest in the place as they seek to reorganize the world's largest computer business. The five-story building is the world headquarters of the Asea Brown Boveri Group, an electrical engineering conglomerate with sales last year of about $28 billion. But in the offices lining the ghostly corridors of its headquarters, a mere 140 people work. If lean and mean is the corporate watchword of the 90's, then Asea is the exemplar.
p3770
aV* Cigna Corp., Philadelphia, an insurance and financial services company, named John K. Leonard president of its special benefits division. He succeeds Gordon L. Murphy, who will retire. * GE Capital Corp., Stamford, Conn., a unit of General Electric Co., named Patricia D. Yoder vice president for corporate public relations and advertising.
p3771
asS'199202'
p3772
(lp3773
VThe General Dynamics Corporation told workers that the first of up to 4,000 layoffs caused by the cancellation of the Seawolf submarine program would begin on Feb. 18. Electric Boat said last month that it expected to lay off 10,000 of the 17,000 employees at the Groton plant by 1997. The plant, Connecticut's second-biggest private employer, relied largely on Navy submarine contracts.
p3774
aVThe Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation said 2,200 more workers would lose their jobs by June as part of cutbacks forced by the planned cancellation of the Seawolf submarine program. Earlier this week, the company said 300 workers would get layoff notices on Feb. 18 as a prelude to as many as 4,000 layoffs by the end of the year.
p3775
aVThe Apple USA division of Apple Computer Inc. said it was expanding its leasing business and had chosen General Electric's GE Capital Computer Leasing to market leases to large business customers. Under the agreement, GE Capital Computer Leasing sales representatives will call on accounts chosen by Apple in addition to GE Capital's own customers. GE Capital leases new or used mainframe and personal computer systems and also buys and sells leased equipment. Products leased under the new program will be filled through Apple resellers selected by the large business customers.
p3776
aVThe General Electric Company said today that it would make further cuts in its aviation jet engine business to save $150 million a year and meet stiff market competition. GE Aircraft Engines said it would cut 2,800 salaried and hourly jobs throughout its North American operations this year, with most of the reductions coming by the middle of the year.
p3777
aVBig corporate mergers often bring a wave of resignations and pink slips among top executives, but some executives of acquired companies survive and even thrive in the new order. Eugene F. Murphy, a lawyer and alumnus of the Central Intelligence Agency, is such a survivor. On Friday he was named the new head of the General Electric Company's aerospace business. Mr. Murphy, who is 55 years old, was head of RCA's communications and electronic services businesses in 1986 when G.E. acquired RCA, and was soon put in charge of G.E.'s communications and services businesses, with 13,000 employees and $2 billion of revenues.
p3778
aVSay "electric" and the car that comes to mind is smooth-riding, quiet and almost antiseptically clean. It's not exactly the model muscle car. But muscle is how the General Motors Corporation is positioning the Impact, the two-seater that it plans to bring to market in the mid-90's. To meet California requirements that 2 percent of each car company's sales in the state be "zero emission vehicles" by 1998 -- a requirement that only battery-powered cars can now meet -- G.M. has focused on a sales virtue that it thinks will give it perhaps the best chance of reaching such a high penetration: performance.
p3779
aVAfter losing much of the aircraft engine business to General Electric during the 1980's, Pratt & Whitney appears to be making a comeback. Lackadaisical customer service, with erratic parts supplies, are only bad memories. Now, a leaner company has a head start in the contest to supply a new generation of wide-body aircraft with the most powerful airline engines ever built.
p3780
aVThe announcement today that General Motors will close its huge assembly plant here sent waves of surprise and anguish across Westchester County, where auto workers and Government officials had expected the plant to survive a spate of closings by the world's largest auto maker. G.M. said the North Tarrytown plant, which has been producing cars since 1900 at a factory that sprawls along the Hudson River shore, would close permanently in the summer of 1995, eliminating nearly 3,500 jobs and one of the few major manufacturing operations that were spared during the steep industrial decline in the New York City region during the 1970's and 1980's.
p3781
aVA century ago, when the German inventor Rudolf Diesel began experimenting with an internal combustion engine that would ignite by compression rather than spark, his first working model ran on pulverized coal. But coal dust is highly combustible, and according to one account, Dr. Diesel decided to switch fuels after an explosion killed his partner. The diesel engines now in common use run on No. 2 oil. But coal, much more abundant around the world than oil, may soon be feasible -- and safe -- for use in diesel engines.
p3782
aV* Computer Products Inc., Boca Raton, Fla., entered into a letter of intent to sell its government electronics division, Tecnetics Inc., Boulder, Colo., to a group of senior managers and outside investors for an undisclosed amount of cash and notes. * Flight Dynamics Inc., Portland, Ore., a unit of Inner Pacificorp, agreed to sell substantially all of its assets to Hughes Flight Dynamics Inc., a unit of General Motors Corp., for $14.5 million and the assumption of trade payables and specified liabilities.
p3783
asS'199205'
p3784
(lp3785
VA civil antitrust lawsuit was filed yesterday against the General Electric Company and a unit of South Africa's giant De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. contending that they were fixing the price of industrial diamonds at artificially high levels. The suit follows an announcement last month by the Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation that they were investigating allegations of price-fixing of industrial diamonds by G.E.
p3786
aVScott C. Newquist, head of investment banking at Kidder Peabody & Company, suddenly left the firm yesterday because of what he called "differences of management style and philosophy" with senior management. Mr. Newquist, 43 years old, said he had reached a mutual agreement with the firm's leaders that his departure was in the best interests of Kidder, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company. He said he had no immediate plans.
p3787
aVAt the Digital Equipment Corporation, the financially troubled computer maker, power struggles have long been a way of life. But if the clash involved Kenneth H. Olsen, Digital's founder and president, the outcome was always a foregone conclusion. Last year, John Rose, a 16-year Digital veteran who spent several years leading the company's catch-up efforts in the personal computer market, was stunned to discover that Mr. Olsen had created a competing group that was pursuing a vastly different strategy for the company.
p3788
aVOf all the media mergers in the last few years, none seemed to have a greater chance of success than the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company's $6.1 billion acquisition of MCA Inc. in 1990. The marriage was free of many of the blights on other deals. While the Sony Corporation is thought by many in the industry to have overpaid for both Columbia Pictures and a new management team, and Time Warner has been digging itself out of debt since its merger, Matsushita is thought to have paid reasonably for MCA -- and it did so without relying much on leverage.
p3789
aVCHOCK FULL O'NUTS CORP., New York, adopted an odd-lot purchase program under which stockholders owning fewer than a hundred shares on May 8 could sell all their shares on the open market, with the company paying brokerage fees and related expenses. COCA-COLA CO., Atlanta, signed an agreement with Fraser & Neave Ltd., for a new joint-venture soft drink company to operate initially in Singapore and Brunei, and later in Malaysia.
p3790
aVKennametal Inc., a leading producer of metalworking and mining tools, quietly spent the 1980's investing heavily in new technology to reverse a market slide and stave off powerful foreign competitors. By last year, that strategy had propelled it into the ranks of the nation's 500 largest companies, with net income of $21 million and revenue of $618 million. And a more visible sign of success, Kennametal's stylish new $25 million research and development center, opened next to the company's headquarters on the rural outskirts of this small city, an hour's drive east of Pittsburgh.
p3791
aVTheir 24th-floor headquarters here gives the leaders of the United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America a panoramic view, much like that enjoyed by the powerful chief executives, influential bankers and wealthy lawyers in nearby skyscrapers. But the U.E., as the union is known, goes out of its way to make sure its top officers are not too tempted to identify with their neighbors in the skyline. The union's constitution limits executive salaries to $32,494, helping to make sure that the U.E.'s president, John H. Hovis Jr., its secretary-treasurer, Amy R. Newell, and its director of organization, Edmund L. Bruno, do not lose the perspective of the union's 40,000 members.
p3792
aVNegotiations over a possible merger of Kidder, Peabody & Company with Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company collapsed Wednesday night, executives close to the talks said yesterday. Differences over price, as well as structural problems involved in a merger of part or all of the two firms, apparently prevented an agreement. The executives added that the failure preceded a report published yesterday in The Wall Street Journal that General Electric, which owns Kidder, had decided to sell the brokerage and was holding talks with Smith Barney, which is owned by the Primerica Corporation.
p3793
aVBOSTON ENERGY ASSOCIATES, Boston, a consulting and advisory unit of Boston's J. Makowski Associates Inc., a developer of gas supply and electric power production projects, named David B. Marks president. GENERAL MOTORS CORP., Fort Wayne, Ind., named Gerald A. Knechtel as its chief labor negotiator.
p3794
aVCompanies Toyota's production techniques at its Kentucky factory are being hailed as a model of how to change the American way of mass production and help factories make everything more efficiently, from cars to copiers, jets to dishwashers. [ Page A1. ] Detroit has been slow to adopt Japanese manufacturing principles. [ D8. ] Visa and Mastercard are fighting a heated battle to sign up banks to issue their debit cards -- the next generation of plastic competing for space in American wallets. [ D1. ]
p3795
asS'199204'
p3796
(lp3797
VThe General Electric Company yesterday reported a 6 percent rise in first-quarter earnings, which was within the range expected by financial analysts but caused concern among investors. The company attributed its improvement to a healthier performance by its NBC broadcasting network and strong sales in its divisions that make electric generating equipment, medical instruments and provide financial services. The company said its Kidder, Peabody brokerage subsidiary had a double-digit earnings increase.
p3798
aVThe Portland General Electric Company said it was in preliminary talks on paying the Westinghouse Electric Corporation to assume responsibility for daily operations at the Trojan Nuclear Electric Plant.
p3799
aVThe General Electric Company agreed this week to pay $325,000 to settle a suit accusing it of dumping photochemical waste down a sink. State prosecutors charged in Suffolk County Superior Court that General Electric dumped about 3,000 gallons of the waste each year at its Navy and Small Steam Turbine Department in Fitchburg, Mass.
p3800
aVOrganizers of an effort to boycott products of the General Electric Company because of its involvment in the nuclear weapons business said yesterday that they had received a big lift on Monday night when "Deadly Deception," a film about the subject, won an Oscar for best documentary short subject. The group, Infact, based in Boston, has produced 5,000 copies of the film on videotape since it was released in June 1991 and has helped arrange a 50-city tour of commercial theaters in which "Deadly Deception" is shown with another documentary, "Building Bombs," about a Government nuclear bomb factory in South Carolina.
p3801
aNaVJust a few years ago the Soviet Union was still the Evil Empire, Pentagon spending was rising and Harry King was working on a military program at the Hughes Aircraft Company's radar division. Today the Soviet Union is no more, the future of military contracting is bleak and Mr. King is developing power systems at Hughes for electric cars being designed by the company's parent, the General Motors Corporation.
p3802
aVThai Airways International has ordered four Boeing 747-400's and two new-generation 777's worth a total of $820 million, the Boeing Commercial Airplanes group said. Thai Airways now has eight 747-400 jumbo jets on order and four in service. It has orders for eight 777's, with options for six more. Thai is to receive its first 777's in early 1996. The wide-body, two-engine jet is to enter service in 1995. The airline has chosen engines by the General Electric Company for its 747-400's and engines by Rolls-Royce P.L.C. for its 777's.
p3803
aV* Allied-Signal Inc., Morristown, N.J., received a five-year contract from Grumman Corp., Bethpage, L.I., to develop engine components for the U.S. space propram. The contract is valued at $43 million. * British Aerospace Inc., Herndon, Va., a unit of British Aerospace Holdings Inc., said AMR Eagle Inc., a commuter airline unit of AMR Corp., would buy 15 more Jetstream Super 31 planes.
p3804
aVThe Washington Public Power Supply System said Siemens A.G. had dropped a lawsuit against the system. The lawsuit had addressed nuclear fuel contract provisions included the settlement of a $1.2 billion lawsuit brought by the system against the General Electric Company in 1985. Siemens had argued that the settlment might exclude it from bidding to supply nuclear fuel to the system.
p3805
aV* American Express Bank Ltd., New York, named Robert V. Sicina chief financial officer and managing director. * CMP Publications Inc., Manhasset, L.I., a publisher of trade magazines, named Kenneth Cron executive vice president of the technology division.
p3806
asS'199207'
p3807
(lp3808
VThe General Electric Company pleaded guilty yesterday to four Federal criminal fraud charges for its role in a scandal involving the sale of military jet engines to Israel. General Electric entered the guilty pleas at a hearing in United States District Court in Cincinnati as part of an agreement with the Justice Department calling for the company to pay $9.5 million in fines for the criminal charges and $59.5 million to settle a related civil case.
p3809
aVSpurred by growth in its nonindustrial units, the General Electric Company today reported an 8 percent increase in its second-quarter net income. As a result, G.E.'s board said it would raise its quarterly dividend 7.3 percent to 59 cents a share from 55 cents. On an annualized basis, the dividend is expected to increase to $2.36 a share from $2.20 a share.
p3810
aVRohr Inc. said yesterday that it plans to sell its 50 percent stake in a joint venture with General Electric Aircraft Engines to the General Electric Company subsidiary because of lower-than-projected sales. Neither company would disclose the price. Rohr and G.E. each invested $10 million to form the venture in March 1989, naming it Composite Technology Engine Components. C.T.E.C. began operating in January 1990, developing and making parts for commercial and military jet-engine markets. But a slumping commercial-aircraft market and lower military budgets will keep C.T.E.C.'s future sales below original projections, a Rohr spokesman said. Rohr will build its own composite jet-engine parts at its Riverside, Calif., plant, where it makes other jet structures out of composites, he added.
p3811
aNaVAdapting its military expertise to commercial products, the GM Hughes Electronics Corporation introduced a system for electric cars today that sharply reduces the amount of time it takes to charge the cars. Instead of the familiar plug-and-outlet system similar to those used in household appliances, the system developed by GM Hughes uses a lightweight, plastic-covered paddle that is inserted into a slot on the car.
p3812
aVGOTTSCHALKS INC., Fresno, Calif., said it would plead guilty to three counts and pay a $1.5 million fine to settle charges stemming from what the Government said was an improper Federal income-tax deduction. BOEING CO., Seattle, received a $195 million order for two 767-300 aircraft from Qantas Airways of Australia.
p3813
aVBANCTEC INC., Dallas, a manufacturer of computerized document processing systems, said its Scandata Nederland joint venture with Thompson-CSF had received an order worth $7.3 million from Olivetti (Schweiz) A.G. for Banctec's Imagefirst systems. GE POWER GENERATION, a unit of the General Electric Co., signed two contracts totaling $24 million to upgrade seven G.E. steam turbines and perform other generator work for the Florida Power and Light Co., a unit of FPL Group Inc.
p3814
aVFor the first 20 years of the nuclear era, reactor designers insisted that bigger was better. But in the last few years, as demand for existing designs dropped to zero, engineers have started fresh and are planning streamlined reactors incorporating advanced technology. Along the way they have rethought their ideas on size, and some people are now disputing the old idea that cheaper power can be achieved through economies of scale. As a result, the most striking new nuclear designs are for reactors just half the size of the old ones, breaking a long trend of larger and larger plants. The trend began with the first commercial plant, a 60-megawatt generator in Shippingport, Pa., ordered in 1953, and ended with Palo Verde, a plant the Arizona Public Service ordered in 1973, which at 1,270 megawatts is 21 times larger.
p3815
aVA New Jersey businessman has agreed to plead guilty to two Federal fraud charges in a complex case that Congressional investigators say links the Pratt & Whitney division of the United Technologies Corporation to a kickback scandal involving the sale of jet engines to Israel. Pratt & Whitney is the second big military contractor to become entangled in the case. The General Electric Company was briefly suspended by the Pentagon last month from receiving new jet-engine contracts because of its involvement. G.E. is now negotiating a settlement of civil and possible criminal charges with the Justice Department.
p3816
aVTHE COCA-COLA CO., Atlanta, named Anton Amon and George Gourlay senior vice presidents. ELMWOOD FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK, Media, Pa., appointed Richard F. Stipa president.
p3817
asS'199206'
p3818
(lp3819
VThe General Electric Company said it had laid off 75 more employees at its aerospace division in Syracuse. About 40 hourly employees and 35 salaried workers were laid off this month, with about half of them receiving their notices on Tuesday, said Al Horvath, a G.E. vice president in Syracuse. Since April 1990, G.E. has eliminated about 1,200 jobs at three plants in the Syracuse area, bring its local work force to about 4,100. Mr. Horvath said the layoffs were part of G.E.'s strategy to lower costs and improve productivity. G.E.'s local operations depend heavily on military contracts.
p3820
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., and Hitachi Ltd., Tokyo, extended for 10 years their joint venture to market high-voltage breakers in the United States, develop G.E. exports to Japan and share technology. IONICS INC., Watertown, Mass., received a $2.2 million order for two of its Cloromat systems for the manufacture of bleach used to disinfect water from the Mexico City Water Authority.
p3821
aVThe Pentagon lifted its ban on new contracts for the General Electric Company's aircraft-engine division yesterday after the company agreed to steps including greater Government oversight of its operations. In lifting the suspension just four days after it was imposed, the Pentagon's Defense Logistics Agency said General Electric had responded quickly to the Government's concerns about the management of the engine division. The division and some of its executives are the subject of civil and criminal investigations into a bribery and fraud scandal involving the sale of military jet engines to Israel.
p3822
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation has turned to an executive who spent most of his career at the rival General Electric Company to head its troubled financial services subsidiary. Robert A. Watson, who is 46 years old, will succeed Leo H. Yochum as chief executive of Westinghouse Financial Services on July 1, although Mr. Yochum will remain as chairman.
p3823
aVThe Portland General Corporation has named its president, Richard Reiten, to be the president and chief operating officer of its principal subsidiary, Portland General Electric, in a big restructuring of the utility company. Mr. Reiten will assume the utility's top job in December, succeeding Kay Stepp, who will remain as president until July 1 and serve as a consultant for the rest of the year.
p3824
aVIn a harsh rebuke to one of the nation's largest military contractors, the Pentagon has suspended the General Electric Company's aircraft-engine division from receiving new Government orders because of the company's role in a bribery scandal involving a top Israeli general. The action indefinitely bars the division, one of two primary suppliers of military jet engines, from renewing existing Government contracts and from being awarded new contracts. In imposing the suspension late Monday, the Pentagon's Defense Logistics Agency said it was considering whether to expand the sanctions to cover all of General Electric. The company, the Pentagon's third-largest supplier last year, with sales of $4.9 billion, provides the military everything from light bulbs to radar.
p3825
aVThe Thiokol Corporation, a maker of solid rocket motors for the space shuttle and military missiles, said yesterday that it had chosen John R. Myers, who has headed a Connecticut engine manufacturing company, as its president and chief operating officer, effective July 6. Mr. Myers had been the president of the Lycoming division of Textron Inc., which sells engines to the military and commercial aerospace industries. U. Edwin Garrison, the chairman and chief executive, had also been president but for the last year has been searching for an executive to strengthen the management team.
p3826
aVCooper Industries rose into America's manufacturing elite over the last 30 years by buying businesses like Champion Spark Plug, McGraw-Edison and Crouse-Hinds and sharpening their operations. The list includes more than 60 companies and product lines, which raised Cooper's revenues to $6.2 billion from $62 million.
p3827
aVBased on the principle that almost any fuel can be burned more cleanly and efficiently if first turned into a gas, engineers are developing ways to produce electricity with fuel gas made from coal, wood chips, sugar cane leftovers -- even sewage sludge. The process employs systems known as gasifiers, which can cook organic material into a fuel for gas turbines, the most efficient electricity generators available. While utilities currently burn natural gas in their turbines, coal is more plentiful and may eventually be cheaper.
p3828
aVAT&T PARADYNE CORP., Largo, Fla., announced a multiyear, $30 million data communications equipment sales agreement with Unitel Communications Inc., of Canada. CUMMINS ENGINE CO., Columbus, Ind., acquired the remaining 36 percent of Onan Corp. from Hawker Siddeley Overseas Investments Ltd. of Britain for $64 million.
p3829
asS'197508'
p3830
(lp3831
sS'197509'
p3832
(lp3833
sS'200712'
p3834
(lp3835
VA NEW CHIEF AT CITIGROUP Vikram S. Pandit was named chief executive of Citigroup, ending a monthlong scramble to find a new leader for the country's largest bank. Win Bischoff, the company's acting chief executive, was made chairman after Robert E. Rubin declined to remain in the position. MORE FOREIGN BORN C.E.O.'S
p3836
asS'197501'
p3837
(lp3838
sS'197502'
p3839
(lp3840
sS'197503'
p3841
(lp3842
sS'197504'
p3843
(lp3844
sS'197505'
p3845
(lp3846
sS'197506'
p3847
(lp3848
sS'197507'
p3849
(lp3850
sS'201308'
p3851
(lp3852
sS'201309'
p3853
(lp3854
sS'201304'
p3855
(lp3856
VADDED PRESSURE The American International Group already ruled out suing the federal government over its bailout during the financial crisis. Now it is asking a federal judge to stop its former chief executive from suing in its name.\u000a \u000aThe insurer has formally demanded that its onetime leader, Maurice R. Greenberg, left, stop pursuing so-called derivative claims in his $25 billion lawsuit against the government that would allow him to fight on the company\u2019s behalf. MICHAEL J. de la MERCED
p3857
aVZynga \u2019s latest quarterly earnings report, released on Wednesday, came in the typical format and was accompanied with the usual financial tables investors expect.\u000a \u000aBut the social gaming company that counts FarmVille among its games included a new addition: a 204-word paragraph encouraging investors to check its corporate blog and Facebook and Twitter pages for regular news updates.
p3858
aVFisker Automotive, the maker of a $100,000-and-up plug-in hybrid luxury sedan, said on Friday that about three-quarters of its workers had been let go to \u201callow the company to work through its current financial challenges.\u201d\u000a \u000aThe statement was issued on behalf of Fisker by Sitrick & Company, a Los Angeles public relations firm that Fisker, a start-up automaker, retained late last week.
p3859
asS'198505'
p3860
(lp3861
VIT is difficult to imagine spending even one day at the General Electric Company without seeing signs of the turbulence that the nation's ninth-largest industrial concern is going through. Since 1981, when John F. Welch Jr. became chairman, change has come fast, leaving shrunken staffs and shuttered plants in its wake. And the upheaval is far from over. ''Is there pressure?'' asks the 49-year-old Mr. Welch rhetorically, sitting in his spacious office overlooking the Connecticut countryside and riveting a visitor with intense blue eyes. ''Is it going to get tougher next year and the next and the next? The answer is yes.'' The pace, not to mention the extent, of change, is particularly surprising at G.E., a 108-year-old corporate polyglot of light bulbs, robots, locomotives, and other products. The company has long been considered by management professors and consultants to be a model of modern management techniques. Value analysis, a widely used method of improving product design, was invented at G.E. Strategic planning, a formalized process for setting corporate goals, had its genesis at G.E. And G.E. was among the first to decentralize, divvying itself up into small, self-contained strategic business units with a high degree of autonomy from headquarters.
p3862
aVNuclear power plants have protective systems that can shut down the reactor in an emergency.
p3863
aVTiffany & Company, the New York jeweler, said yesterday that it had reached a major financing agreement with the General Electric Credit Corporation.
p3864
aVThe Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating charges brought by former employees of the General Electric Company that the company submitted false or fraudulent claims for work on Government engine contracts at a plant near Cincinnati, according to court documents and the former G.E. employees. Moreover, last week the company agreed to pay $1 million to the Government to privately settle allegations of mischarging on a Federal satellite contract, a Justice Department official said on Monday. The disclosure of these two actions comes as G.E. is preparing to go on trial next Monday in Federal District Court in Philadelphia on criminal charges of submitting false claims on missile contracts. The company, the nation's sixth-largest military contractor, was indicted in March.
p3865
aVThe Chrysler Corporation today announced a joint venture between its Chrysler Financial Corporation subsidiary and the General Electric Credit Corporation, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company, to finance real estate, equipment and machinery purchases. Lee A. Iacocca, Chrysler's chairman, said at the annual shareholder's meeting in Anaheim, Calif., that the company might also diversify into other financial services or possibly aerospace, although he did not elaborate further.
p3866
aVThe General Electric Company pleaded guilty today to defrauding the Air Force by filing 108 false claims for payment on a missile contract. It was fined $1.04 million, the maximum allowable, and ordered to pay back the $800,000 that was falsely billed. The company was indicted on March 26 and the trial was to begin today. The plea was unexpected and stemmed from new information provided to Federal prosecutors by Roy Baessler, a former G.E. manager. Not only did he acknowlege his role in the false billings, but he implicated ''higher management'' in the scheme, according to the Justice Department.
p3867
aVTwo major American companies are working to establish a partnership with one or more companies in Saudi Arabia to overhaul aircraft engines there, a senior industry source in Saudi Arabia said.
p3868
aVNavy Secretary John F. Lehman Jr. said today that the retirement of the chairman of the General Dynamics Corporation did not affect his decision on how to discipline the company over its dealings with the Navy. Speaking for Mr. Lehman, who spent most of the day at Naval Academy commencement exercises in Annapolis, Md., Navy Capt. Brent Baker said at the Pentagon that General Dynamics lawyers had informed the Navy's chief counsel last Friday that David S. Lewis, chairman of the company, would leave by the end of this year. General Dynamics announced the retirement today. But Captain Baker said the decision to penalize General Dynamics for what the Navy regards as ''pervasive'' business misconduct had already been made and was not changed because of the knowledge of Mr. Lewis's retirement.
p3869
aVThe General Motors Corporation is considered the front-runner in the bidding to acquire the technology-rich Hughes Aircraft Company, Wall Street sources said today. Bids are expected to range between $4 billion and $6 billion.
p3870
aVSecretary of the Navy John F. Lehman Jr. announced today that he was suspending the signing of all new contracts at two major divisions of the General Dynamics Corporation because of ''pervasive'' business misconduct. In addition, the Secretary said he was canceling two missile contracts worth $22.5 million and putting them up for competitive bidding. But he said he saw no reason why the Navy and General Dynamics could not reach an agreement that would restore normal business relations in a few weeks, assuming the company did not choose to be ''confrontational and litigious.'' Mr. Lehman also said he was fining the company, the nation's third-largest military contractor, $676,283 for giving gratuities to Adm. Hyman Rickover, who directed the Navy's nuclear submarine program until he retired in 1981.
p3871
asS'201306'
p3872
(lp3873
sS'201307'
p3874
(lp3875
sS'197311'
p3876
(lp3877
sS'197310'
p3878
(lp3879
sS'201302'
p3880
(lp3881
VOver the last half-century, Warren E. Buffett has built a reputation as a contrarian investor, betting against the crowd to amass a fortune estimated at $54 billion.\u000a \u000aMr. Buffett underscored that contrarian instinct in his annual letter to shareholders published on Friday. In a year when Mr. Buffett did not make any large acquisitions, he bought dozens of newspapers, a business others have shunned. His company, Berkshire Hathaway , has bought 28 dailies in the last 15 months.
p3882
asS'197312'
p3883
(lp3884
sS'198110'
p3885
(lp3886
NaNaVThe General Electric Company, in a move intended to strengthen its computer services business, said it would acquire three private computer software companies for a price totaling between $35 million and $68 million, based on performance measurements over the next few years. G.E. would pay between $27 and $48 million to buy the Software International Corporation of Andover, Mass., a leading producer of computer programs for accounting and other financial applications. The other companies to be acquired are Banking Systems Inc. of Dallas, which specializes in programs for the banking industry, and Energy Enterprises of Denver, which does the same for the oil industry.
p3887
aVP. Takis Veliotis, 55 years old, will soon leave as vice president and general manager of the Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation, a major submarine builder for the Navy with headquarters in Groton, Conn., the company said yesterday. General Dynamics - which issued a statement about Mr. Veliotis after published reports said that he and the management team he had brought to Electric Boat would be replaced by the end of the year - did not disclose what his next assignment would be for General Dynamics, or when ''during the next several months'' the transition would occur. However a spokesman for the diversified military contractor said that Mr. Veliotis would continue to have the title of executive vice president for marine operations at General Dynamics ''as far as I know.'' The company said that the management team would not be leaving Electric Boat.
p3888
aVThe General Electric Company yesterday reported a 13 percent increase in third-quarter earnings on a revenue gain of 11 percent. The diversified electrical equipment company earned $405 million, or $1.78 a share, in the third quarter, compared with $358 million, or $1.58 a share, in the comparable period a year earlier. Revenues rose to $6.64 billion from $5.96 billion.
p3889
aVMid-Texas Oil and Gas Inc. announced that it had acquired controlling interest in the Big Sky Ski Resort. The resort, formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of Boyne USA Resorts of Boyne Falls, Mic h., is northwest of Yellow stone National Park.
p3890
aVThe Westinghouse Electric Corporation, the nation's second-largest maker of electrical equipment after the General Electric Company, reported yesterday that gains by all three of its component groups caused earnings in the third quarter to rise 14.4 percent as sales increased 10.1 percent. Westinghouse said that net income in the latest quarter moved up to $104.6 million, or $1.21 a share, from $91.4 million, or $1.06 a share, in the comparable quarter a year earlier. Revenues widened to $2.28 billion from $2.07 billion.
p3891
aVWhen Sandra L. Kurtzig and her husband decided it was time to start a family, Mrs. Kurtzig quit her job at General Electric and began writing computer programs at home as a part-time job. Now Mrs. Kurtzig is the mother of two boys, 8 and 5. She is also the founder, president and 60 percent shareholder of ASK Computer Systems, a fast-growing computer software company that went public less than two weeks ago. From its quiet start in the Kurtzigs' apartment in 1972, ASK has grown to a company that employs about 120 persons and now occupies a four-building office complex in Los Altos, Calif., south of San Francisco. The company earned $1.5 million on sales of $13 million in the year ended June 30, a 50 percent increase over the previous year.
p3892
aVSUDDENLY and without fanfare, the International Business Machines Corporation has become the No. 2 factor in CAD/CAM, after the Computervision Corporation. Partly as a result of this, the spectacular growth of smaller participants in the industry has slowed. CAD, or computer-aided design, eliminates tedious and costly repetition for designers and draftsmen, while CAM, or computer-aided manufacturing, operates machinery and reduces manpower costs. I.B.M.'s inroads reflect a demand for systems keyed to its powerful computers. I.B.M.'s CAD/CAM computers traditionally have served a variety of additional functions for the customer. Recently, though, I.B.M. has been selling computers exclusively for CAD/CAM applications and in installations with more terminals - eight to 20 of them - than the four to six terminals that I.B.M.'s competitors can accommodate with their minicomputer-based systems.
p3893
aVThe International Business Machines Corporation, the world's largest computer c ompany, is reported to be o n the verge of a major reorganization, spurred in part by heated com petition and internal conflicts within its sales groups. Executives of the company, which has its headquarters in Armonk, N.Y., were said by analysts and sources within I.B.M.'s globespanning organization to be explaining the shifts at meetings with division vice presidents yesterday. The changes apparently include scrapping its traditional divisionbased sales approach, in which separate sales representatives from the data processing, general systems and office products units might all call on the same customer. Instead, I.B.M. customers will be able to order a full range of I.B.M. products, ranging from its large mainframe computers, to small desktop business computers from the same sales personnel.
p3894
asS'198111'
p3895
(lp3896
VThe General Electric Company said that it was entering the computer-aided engineering field by acquiring 48 percent of the Structural Dynamics Research Corporation of Cincinnati for $9.1 million.
p3897
aVFritz G. Tovar, a 58-year-old German-born executive, has been appointed general manager of the Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation in Groton, Conn. He succeeds P. Takis Veliotis, 55, the controversial head of Electric Boat, which builds United States Navy submarines. General Dynamics had said last month that Mr. Veliotis, who has been at the division since 1977, would move to another post.
p3898
aVIN 1978, the Conair Corporation lost Wall Street support as sales of hand-held blow dryers slowed. At the time, Conair held 25 percent of that market and its shares had done well on the company's soaring profits. But Conair's earnings plunged to 2 cents a share in the first quarter of 1978 from 29 cents in 1977's first quarter. Short sellers rejoiced, believing that a youthful growth stock was showing signs of middle age as its principal market approached maturity. The short sellers sell borrowed shares, hoping to replace them at lower cost as holders become disenchanted with a company's prospects.
p3899
aVAEROSPACE Boeing Co. $2,215,400 0 $92,500 - 34 Lockheed Corp. 1,463,400 + 9 20,600 + 26 McDonnell Douglas Corp. 1,777,100 +17 51,700 +342 Northrop Corp. 524,200 +30 2,500 - 90 United Technologies Corp. 3,259,432 +12 112,532 + 15 AIRLINES American Airlines Inc. $1,106,635 + 6 $ 36,059 -42 Braniff International Corp. 306,600 20 (20,300) ... Delta Air Line 891,290 + 6 7,612 -71 Eastern Air Lines Inc. 902,100 + 5 (38,700) ... Northwest Airlines Inc. 527,322 + 9 17,537 0 Pan American World Airways 974,700 - 5 281,500 +1,049 Trans World Corp. 1,466,463 + 5 73,974 -38 UAL Inc. 1,363,831 + 1 7,214 -54 Western Air Line Inc. 293,600 + 7 (7,300) ... APPLIANCES Singer Co. $704,700 + 4 $14,500 + 9 Whirlpool Corp. 653,200 + 3 40,600 +24 White Consolidated Industries 525,116 + 2 13,571 + 8 Zenith Radio Corp. 349,800 + 8 6,100 -34 AUTOMOBILES American Motors Corp. $ 648,000 +15 [ 16,800) ... Chrysler Corp. 2,557,000 +28 (148,300) ... Ford Motor Co. 8,661,700 + 8 (334,500) ... General Motors Corp. 13,410,000 +11 (468,000) ... AUTOMOTIVE EQUIPMENT Eaton Corp. $ 759,100 + 4 22,200 + 43 Fruehauf Corp. 537,377 +14 7,856 +227 International Harvester (1) 1,598,177 - 8 101,362 + 64 Paccar Inc. 400,508 +11 15,902 + 10 BEVERAGES Anheuser-Busch Companies $ 1,039,200 +16 $71,800 + 27 Coca-Cola Co. 1,559,527 + 1 146,581 + 43 Heublein Inc. 509,591 + 7 28,297 + 23 Pepsi Co. Inc. (2) 1,743,019 +15 102,800 + 16 (Jos.) Schlitz Brewing Co. 400,508 - 8 (36,100) ... BUILDING AND FOREST PRODUCTS Bolee Cascade Corp. $ 781,480 + 2 $18,470 37 Champion International 1,008,839 + 6 24,465 - 48 Crown Zellerbach Corp. 790,400 0 6,900 - 22 Diamond International Corp. 318,100 + 4 5,400 - 41 Evans Products Co. 411,500 + 5 7,700 - 52 GAF Corp. 177,500 - 3 14,208 +257 Georgia Pacific Corp. 1,410,000 +10 31,000 - 58 Great Northern Nekoosa 375,700 + 8 22,700 - 4 International Paper Co. 1,217,800 + 1 54,000 - 24 Johne-Manville Corp. 578,589 - 1 9,280 - 42 Mead Corp. 760,365 +10 22,493 - 31 Owens-Corning Fiberglas 631,442 + 7 11,913 + 5 Sherwin-Williams co. 398,971 +14 14,608 + 38 St. Regis Paper Co. 707,649 + 3 43,235 + 4 Scott Paper Co. 575,154 +18 25,935 +573 Union Camp Corp. 430,607 + 7 44,362 + 8 United States Gypsum Co. 379,163 + 3 14,047 - 34 Jim Walter Corp. (2) 538,492 + 6 (1,293) ... Westvaco Corp. (1) 392,695 +13 25,395 + 26 Weyerheuser Co. 1,097,150 - 1 50,052 + 52 CHEMICALS Air Products and Chemicals 1,570,115 +11 $126,039 + 9 Allied Corp. 1,544,000 +17 118,000 + 79 American Cyanamid Co. 935,000 + 8 42,000 + 4 Celanese Corp. 955,000 +22 34,000 + 55 Diamond Shamrock Corp. 823,356 + 6 51,815 + 17 Dow Chemical Co. 2,923,000 +16 108,500 - 32 E.I. duPont de Nemours 7,238,000 +124 278,000 +223 Ethyl Corp. 448,200 + 4 21,000 + 9 W.R. Grace & Co. 1,587,635 + 6 97,118 + 41 Hercules Inc. 690,000 +19 27,037 + 21 Int.
p3900
aVThe Fokker Aircraft Company has been feeling the pressure lately. Its civil aircraft production has not been large enough to increase profits, and its military output - Fokker makes F-16 fighters under license - is scheduled to taper off in the mid-1980's. To complicate matters, a 12-year-old merger with Vereinigte Flugtechnische Werke, a small West German aircraft company, broke up earlier this year because of conflicting German and Dutch aviation policies. But Fokker, trying to put its house in order, has embarked on a strategy that some industry analysts consider risky. In an effort to increase output and compensate for the maturing F-16 program, the company has joined forces with the McDonnell Douglas Corporation to build a 150-seat aircraft.
p3901
aVThe office automation business, William S. Anderson, chairman of the NCR Corporation, says, ''has become so crowded that it's difficult to keep track of all the players without a scorecard.'' Yet that did not stop NCR yesterday from announcing its entry into word processing, to be followed next year by other electronic office systems. At virtually the same hour, at a news conference elsewhere in New York, the Data General Corporation, a minicomputer manufacturer, announced that it, too, was entering the office automation market. And Data General's announcement follows by less than three weeks nearly simultaneous announcements by two other minicomputer makers, the Digital Equipment Corporation and the Hewlett-Packard Company, that they, too, would make major thrusts into office automation. Indeed, almost all the computer companies, whose products were once kept separately in out-of-the-way rooms, are now trying to get their ''work stations,'' the new name for a computer terminal with a typewriter keyboard and television screen, on every office worker's desk.
p3902
aVThe General Electric Company said it would close a lightbulb manufacturing plant in this Orlando suburb because of a decline in business.
p3903
aVstory factory - not by a company with a household name like Boeing or Grumman, but by one of the hundreds of smaller subcontractors that get little notice when the Pentagon writes a major contract. The component is the computer-controlled video command console, which translates raw reconnaissance data into meaningful maps and Space Invaders-style targets. The manufacturer is the Hazeltine Corporation, whose stake in the Airborne Warning and Control System planes is a $150 million subcontract from the Boeing Corporation, the holder of the Pentagon's prime contract for the Awacs, valued at some $3.19 billion. More than 2,000 subcontractors help outfit the Awacs - 500 for electronics alone. Hazeltine has the third-largest subcontract, behind Westinghouse's $726 million for the radar system and I.B.M.'s $255 million for the main computer. Nine Hazeltine consoles go into every plane, and before the subcontract expires in 1984, Hazeltine will have outfitted more than 35 planes, including the five that Congress just approved for sale to Saudi Arabia.
p3904
aVCiting problems from the cost of cleanup at its Three Mile Island nuclear generating plant and other factors, the General Public Utilities Corporation ruled out near-term construction of a proposed $1 billion coal-fired power plant in western Pennsylvania. G.P.U. said its Pennsylvania Electric Company subsidiary has delayed the proposed 625-megawatt Seward Seven station by at least two years because of its financial problems. Officials said the company would not be in a position to finance the plant in the near future. G.P.U. added that its next power plant might be built in New Jersey ''if finances permit.''
p3905
aVAt least eight groups, including one formed by employees, have indicated an interest in buying the General Electric Company's flatiron plant here that is scheduled for closing in February, a G.E. spokesman said. The 77-year-old plant, which makes steam and dry irons and employs 1,000 people, is to be shut down because the company is switching to irons with plastic bodies that cannot be made at the plant, G.E. officials said. A G.E. spokesman, Al Kennel, said that parties that have toured the plant include the Proctor-Silex Corporation and an East Coast group representing a prospective European buyer.
p3906
asS'198310'
p3907
(lp3908
VThe General Electric Company, citing a gain in operating margins, reported yesterday that its earnings in the third quarter of 1983 rose 10.6 percent, while sales edged up 2.5 percent. G.E., a diversified manufacturer of electrical products with important interests in service industries, said that net income increased to $499 million, or $1.10 a share, from $451 million, or 99 cents a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier. Sales increased to $6.55 billion, from $6.39 billion.
p3909
aVThe General Electric Company has sold 60 million shares in the Toshiba Corporation to undisclosed Japanese companies, mostly insurance concerns and banks, Toshiba said. The selling price was not disclosed. G.E. would remain Toshiba's biggest shareholder, with 6 percent of Toshiba's total issued capital now, compared with 8.3 percent at the end of last March.
p3910
aNaVThe Morrison-Knudsen Company said it would serve as subcontractor under the General Electric Company in the decommissioning of a Shippingport, Pa., nuclear power station.
p3911
aVThe Consolidated Edison Company of New York Inc., citing increased consumption of electricity because of an unusually warm summer, reported yesterday that its third-quarter earnings rose 42.1 percent, to $253 million, as revenues increased 18.1 percent. Con Ed, a major electric-gas-steam utility that serves New York City and most of Westchester County, said that its net income in the three months ended Sept. 30 rose to $253 million, or $1.88 a share, from $178.1 million, or $1.31 a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier. Revenues climbed to $1.63 billion, from $1.38 billion.
p3912
aVPrimefax Inc. announced the signing of agreements with the General Electric Company, Montgomery Ward & Company and the RCA Service Company under which they will test the Primefax television repair information system at nearly 80 service centers nationwide this year.
p3913
aVThe Long Island Lighting Company could be bankrupted if it were forced to absorb as much as $1 billion of the $3.5 billion estimated cost of its Shoreham nuclear plant, according to the draft report by the staff of Governor Cuomo's special commission on Shoreham. The report, issued last week, also concluded that if the reactor were abandoned and Lilco allowed to collect its entire cost from ratepayers over several years, the company would still be driven into bankruptcy unless it were permitted to collect a return each year on the part of the investment it had yet to recover. The study was prepared by utility analysts borrowed from the New York State Energy Office, the Consumer Protection Board and elsewhere. The 13 members of the commission got the study at the end of last month, and are using it and other materials to draft their own report. That final report, originally due at the end of August, is now supposed to be finished before Nov. 1.
p3914
aVEdmund W. Littlefield, a former chairman and chief executive officer of Utah International Inc., the giant mining concern based in San Francisco, has been named a senior adviser at Dillon, Read & Company, the New York-based investment banking house announced. Under the terms of the appointment, which is effective immediately, Mr. Littlefield will provide Dillon, Read with advice on its capital formation activities. ''I don't pretend to be an investment banker,'' he said in a telephone interview from his office in San Francisco. ''But Dillon, Read was interested in getting someone who had broader management experience to provide advice in venture capital and leveraged buyout situations where a company might want to raise capital.''
p3915
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that negotiations on the sale of its Utah International division to the Broken Hill Propietary Company of Australia for $2.4 billion were still active despite the expected failure to close the deal by Monday. The companies had signed a memorandum of intent in January and a definitive agreement in April specifying that either company could withdraw if the sale had not been concluded by the end of October.
p3916
aVWASHINGTON AMODIFIED apparatus for stopping the operation of a nuclear reactor in an emergency has been invented for the Department of Energy. Patent 4,411,857 was obtained by B. S. Sridhar, an engineer at the General Electric Company, who did the research on the device under contract.
p3917
asS'198311'
p3918
(lp3919
VThe General Electric Company will sell China 220 of its largest diesel electric locomotives in a deal that may add several hundred jobs at G.E.'s locomotive plant here next year, company officials announced. The model C36-7 locomotives will be shipped between the spring and the end of 1984 in what G.E. called its ''single biggest order for a single production run.''
p3920
aNaVIn a series of management changes intended to blunt the widespread criticism of its handling of the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island, the General Public Utilities Corporation yesterday announced the resignation of R. C. Arnold, the president of its nuclear power subsidiary, and the expansion of the subsidiary's board to include three outside directors. G.P.U., a holding company for three public utilities that own the Three Mile Island plant, announced the changes at a hearing before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in Washington. In part, the company said, the changes are being made in response to ''open issues concerning management competence and integrity'' at the site of the 1979 accident. New Permit Sought The company also said it hoped the changes would help persuade the Federal agency to authorize the start- up of Unit 1 at the Three Mile Island site, a reactor that lies adjacent to the one that was severely damaged in the 1979 accident. Unit 1, which was taken out of service temporarily when the accident occurred, has never been put back into operation.
p3921
aVThe General Electric Company and the Broken Hill Proprietary Company of Australia yesterday announced that G.E. had agreed to retain a 20 percent to 25 percent share in several Australian coal mines in order to complete G.E.'s sale of its Utah International Inc. subsidiary to Broken Hill. Under the original agreement, announced last January, G.E. was to sell Broken Hill two natural-resources subsidiaries - Utah International and Utah-Marcona Corporation - for $2.4 billion in cash to raise money for high-technology investments. To reduce its risk in the deal, Broken Hill, Australia's only integrated steelmaker and its largest industrial corporation, had said it would set up a consortium to own Utah International's Australian coal mines.
p3922
aVThe General Dynamics Corporation was awarded a $520 million contract to build two nuclear-powered attack submarines at its Electric Boat division in Groton, Conn., the Navy said. A $278 million contract for a third such submarine was awarded to the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company in Newport News, Va.
p3923
aVThe acid-rain controversy may provide a much-needed boost for the nation's depressed air-pollution control industry. If the present momentum in Congress is maintained, companies such as Combustion Engineering, General Electric, Babcock & Wilcox and Research-Cottrell could wind up competing for $5 billion or more in new business. Acid rain, which is causing widespread ecological damage, primarily in the northeastern United States and Canada, is largely the result of airborne sulfur dioxide that comes mainly from coal-burning power plants in the Middle West and the East. These emissions travel and change chemically in the atmosphere, ultimately increasing the acidity of precipitation over wide areas and provoking serious disruptions of plant and animal life. The Canadians argue that much of their acid rain is the result of pollution that drifts across the border. They are therefore trying to get the United States Environmental Protection Agency and Congress to put tough controls on sulfur emissions in this country.
p3924
aVHammacher Schlemmer, Manhattan's renowned purveyor of bizarre gadgetry and elegant gifts, has enticed maharajahs and kings, business executives and browsers for generations. But for the past decade or so, sales have been so flat that last year the company decided to close six of its seven retail floors and sell only from the main floor of its store at 147 East 57th Street. The fault was the company's, according to its officials. They say their product line, by 1970, had strayed too far from the exclusive and the unusual and included too many items that could be bought most anywhere. The result was that unit sales declined between 1970 and last year, and revenue increases failed even to keep up with inflation. The company declines to talk about its profits or losses in that period.
p3925
aVThe Securities and Exchange Commission told New York State legislators yesterday that its staff has been investigating the sale of bonds issued by the Washington Public Power Supply System since late September. Daniel L. Goelzer, the commission's general counsel, disclosed the ''informal investigation'' at a State Assembly subcommittee meeting in Manhattan, held to discuss the supply system's default last July on the $2.25 billion in bonds it had sold from 1977 to 1981 for its now abandoned nuclear power projects Nos. 4 and 5. It was the largest municipal bond default in history.
p3926
aVTHEY rushed out ahead of the herd in last year's dramatic bull market rally, and some are still surging. But utility stocks have had a few nuclear-related stumbling blocks thrown in their path that damaged the long-distance outlook for some companies while providing high yields for risk-takers. Now analysts are saying that stable to lower interest rates and inflation have brightened the horizon for a selected few in this group. Evan Silverstein, an analyst with L. F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin, believes fundamental factors are helping to push some utility stocks higher. ''The moderate inflation and lower energy cost have helped tremendously in the operation area,'' he said. ''This helps fuel costs come down, which creates a better environment to get rate increases.''
p3927
aNasS'198312'
p3928
(lp3929
VWATERLOO, Iowa WHEN Deere & Company decided in 1974 to build a new tractor assembly plant in the rolling farm country of northeast Iowa, the mandate from top management was to build one at the leading edge of manufacturing technology. That leading edge turned out to be ''flexible manufacturing,'' a technology born a decade ago that is finally beginning to transform the factory floors of some of the nation's largest companies. It's a marriage of robots and computers that might have allowed Henry Ford to turn out Model T's and Model A's almost simultaneously on the same assembly line. At Deere, the mix includes 10 different models of tractor transmissions and 5,000 configurations of tractors. ''We ended up with features in there we never even dreamed of at the start,'' said Robert W. Boeke, a senior vice president at Deere. ''We didn't realize then that you could tie the different computers in the plant together and drive the whole thing.''
p3930
aVThe Philadelphia Saving Fund Society reached a definitive agreement to take over Family Financial Services from the General Electric Credit Corporation for about $600 million, the society announced. The takeover must be approved by regulators and by the board of General Electric Credit, which is a subsidiary of the General Electric Company.
p3931
aVOne of the first things Percy Barnevik noticed when he took over in the spring of 1980 as president and chief executive officer at ASEA A.B., Sweden's largest electrical engineering company, was that the parking lots at the headquarters were crowded on Saturdays. He recalls thinking: ''What a great company. These people work even on the weekend.'' It turned out, however, that the lots were being used by shoppers flocking to the nearby commercial district of this industrial city west of Stockholm. ASEA's week ended at 4:23 P.M. Friday and, according to one ASEA executive, it was hard to find a light on in the buildings two minutes later.
p3932
aVIn the wake of a criminal kickback case against two top former officials of the General Dynamics Corporation, the Navy is investigating to determine whether the company should remain eligible to receive Navy contracts, according to Lieut. Comdr. Mark Neuhart, a Navy public affairs official. General Dynamics, with billions of dollars in Navy contracts, has said in court papers that it, too, was a victim of the kickback scheme. However, in a civil court case in Delaware, a bankruptcy trustee has charged that General Dynamics concealed the kickback scheme to avoid losing its multibillion-dollar Trident nuclear submarine contract with the Navy, according to court documents filed last summer.
p3933
aVThe use of outside insurance on municipal bonds has been growing rapidly, rising to an estimated $13 billion this year, from $2.9 billion in 1980. Gerald L. Friedman, chairman of the new company, was a founder of the American Municipal Bond Assurance Corporation, the first insurer of municipal bonds. He said that the $85 million of capital already on hand was enough to insure about $25 billion of bond principal and interest. Major investors in the new company include the General Electric Credit Corporation; the General Reinsurance Corporation; the Kemper Group, through the Lumbermens Mutual Casualty Company; Merrill Lynch & Company and Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb Inc.
p3934
aVIn the last few years, Atlas Industries has been transformed from a floundering, money-losing producer of simple electronics items into a highly profitable manufacturer of sophisticated parts for leading computer companies in the United States. Larry Tam, an analyst for Sun Hung Kai Research Ltd., called the turnaround ''just incredible.'' The change is largely attributable to American technology and management, brought into the company in 1980 when Albert J. Miller, an entrepreneur from California's Silicon Valley, bought control of Atlas and became its chairman. Analysts are also impressed by the company's prospects, and the principal reason can be summed up in three letters: I.B.M. Atlas recently signed a large contract to supply the International Business Machines Corporation with computer heads and assembled floppy- disk drives. The parts will be used in personal computers. Analysts say the contract will be worth more than $170 million over the next three or four years.
p3935
aVThe commercials show a telephone plugged into an electric guitar. Viewers who have been watching rock video on MTV, the popular all-music cable television channel, seem to be getting the message: they don't have to trek down to the local record store to buy the latest hits; they can just pick up the phone, call in their orders and have Hot Rock Inc. drop the albums or cassettes in the mail. A ''24-hour music store'' that was started last July by three Harvard Business School students, Hot Rock says its sales are booming. ''There's a real impulsive part of purchasing music,'' said Michael Wigley, a Hot Rock founder who serves as president. He declined to provide figures, but said that sales grew more than 18 percent a week through November. While the growth rate has slowed down this month, to 5 percent a week, the company is sticking with the projection it made in November that its first-year sales would reach $6.7 million.
p3936
aVG.E. Account to Chiat Chiat/Day, New York, has won a major corporate advertising assignment from the General Electric Company. Chiat is to create an all-print, business-to-business campaign on which G.E. will spend at least $5 million, according to the agency. The Chiat shop is already working on a campaign for the General Electric Information Services Company, which is based in Rockville, Md.
p3937
aVBlack & Decker Inc.'s plans to buy the small appliance division of the General Electric Company led analysts at Standard & Poor's to warn yesterday that Black & Decker's Ax rating on its senior debt might be reduced. The rating agency said the $300 million purchase - to be made with a $100 million three-year note, plus cash and bank borrowings - ''will increase debt leverage from currently moderate levels.''
p3938
aVAmerican Broadcasting Companies has appointed Barbara H. Marks vice president, operations, of its ABC- Publishing division. * General Electric Co., Fairfield, Conn., has elected William J. Cimonetti, Marcel P. Joseph and Charles V. Sheehan corporate vice presidents.
p3939
asS'200407'
p3940
(lp3941
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it planned to lay off 525 employees at its Bloomington, Ind., refrigerator plant by the end of March. The cuts will reduce the plant's work force of more than 1,600 employees by nearly a third. G.E. officials decided to discontinue production of the company's line of higher-priced refrigerator models in Bloomington and move that line to a plant in Celaya, Mexico. About 1,125 employees will continue to be employed at the plant, making refrigerator models that sell for less than $1,000.
p3942
aVGeneral Electric reported yesterday that second-quarter profit rose 3.4 percent as acquisitions and demand for plastics, engine parts and loans fueled the biggest sales gain in almost four years. Net income rose to $3.92 billion from $3.79 billion in the period a year earlier, the chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, said. Per-share profit was unchanged at 38 cents, 1 cent above his forecast, because of 342 million shares issued to finance its purchase of Amersham.
p3943
aVIt would seem that any company that lends to, sells to or rents to a United States airline would be running scared these days, what with sky-high fuel prices, continued terrorism alerts and potential bankruptcies beleaguering the customer base. And a company that does all three -- well, its executives ought to be chewing their fingernails past the cuticle lines.
p3944
aVScientists at General Electric yesterday unveiled one of the smallest functioning devices ever made, a carbon tube about 10 atoms wide that could one day shrink computer chip technology. Researchers at G.E.'s central lab in Niskayuna, N.Y., hope the device, which is a rolled-up sheet of carbon atoms resembling chicken wire, will someday operate as the standard semiconductor in computers and other electronics. The device -- a nanotube -- is part of a developing field of technology used to design devices on the scale of a nanometer, or a billionth of a meter. That translates to about the size of 10 hydrogen atoms, or one-80,000ths the diameter of a human hair. Unlike earlier designs, G.E.'s nanotube can both emit and detect light, the company said. That means it has the potential to perform such tasks as shining small amounts of light on molecules, which have possible applications in medicine or security, said Paul L. McEuen, a physics professor at Cornell University in Ithaca, N.Y. The next generation of security sensors could be made from such nanotubes, G.E. said, helping detect minuscule amounts of chemical or biological toxins.
p3945
aVInVision Technologies Inc., which is being acquired by General Electric, could face two federal investigations after an internal inquiry showed possible improper payments by distributors tied to sales outside the United States, the company said yesterday. Either company can call off the $900 million purchase if it is not completed by Oct. 31, InVision said in a statement.
p3946
aVDe Beers, the world's largest diamond producer, has agreed to plead guilty to criminal price fixing, a court official and a lawyer involved in the case said on Friday. The move ends a decade-long case and paves the way for the company to return to the United States after an absence of nearly half a century. The company is expected to plead guilty on Tuesday before Judge George C. Smith of Federal District Court in Columbus, Ohio, said Keith Mayton, a clerk in that court. He said the company faced a maximum fine of $10 million.
p3947
aVEnron may still be called Enron, but the company that was once at the pinnacle of the international energy industry is now little more than a shadow of its former self. ''The company is a smoking ruin, nothing more,'' said John Olson, chief investment officer at Sanders Morris Harris, a Houston investment bank. ''What's left now is for a few people to swoop down and pick at Enron's carcass -- at least, the good parts.''
p3948
aVGeneral Motors and Ford Motor said Thursday that their United States sales for June had double-digit declines, as Detroit continued to lose ground to Japanese and Korean rivals. Over all, sales in the United States were weaker than expected, down 5.97 percent from a year ago, when adjusted for an extra sales day this year, according to Ward's AutoInfoBank. The seasonally adjusted selling rate for cars and light trucks tumbled to 15.4 million in June from 17.8 million in May, Ward's said.
p3949
aVThe backlash against the outsourcing of software and back-office services to India appears to have died down, executives here said Tuesday as a bellwether company posted better-than-expected earnings, mostly on improved business from the United States. The company, India's second largest for software and services outsourcing, Infosys Technologies, said on Tuesday that its quarterly profit had increased 39.2 percent, helped by the economic recovery in United States, its prime market. Net profit rose to 3.88 billion rupees ($84.3 million) in the April to June period, its first fiscal quarter, while revenue was 15.2 billion rupees ($33.04 million), a rise of almost 39 percent.
p3950
aVUS Airways plans a major overhaul of the way it flies, concentrating on direct flights to and from major airports on the East Coast and dismantling its hub in Pittsburgh, executives said yesterday. It will also wade into the highly competitive New York-to-Florida market, they said. The moves, which are meant to defend US Airways' share of traffic in its most valuable markets, will take effect in the autumn.
p3951
asS'197610'
p3952
(lp3953
sS'197611'
p3954
(lp3955
sS'197612'
p3956
(lp3957
sS'200401'
p3958
(lp3959
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that fourth-quarter earnings rose 47 percent, helped by insurance income and increases in orders at industrial businesses like plastics and jet engines. Net income rose to $4.56 billion, or 45 cents a share, from $3.1 billion, or 31 cents, in the period a year earlier, which included 14 cents a share in reinsurance expenses.
p3960
aVThe European Commission has approved General Electric's planned takeover of Amersham, the British diagnostic pharmaceuticals and biosciences company. The commission said it saw no overlaps in business, and although they share clients such as hospitals, it did not expect G.E. to be able to cut out competitors by bundling each company's products. European hospitals will continue to have competition from a variety of suppliers, the commission said. Paul Meller (NYT)
p3961
aVGeneral Electric filed yesterday with federal regulators to sell part of its Genworth Financial insurance unit in what is expected to be one of the largest initial public offerings this year. G.E. said the offering would be for about 30 percent of its life and mortgage insurance businesses, which were combined into Genworth Financial. Genworth had a book value of about $10 billion as of the end of September, so a public offering would probably bring several billion dollars. G.E. said it expected to complete the offering by the end of June. The offering, which was announced in November, comes as G.E. moves to scale down its insurance operations as it tries to focus on faster-growing businesses to attain double-digit profit growth in 2005.
p3962
aVStanley Works, the tool maker, said yesterday that it had named John D. Opie, a former vice chairman of General Electric, as nonexecutive chairman on an interim basis until a successor is elected. Mr. Opie, 66, succeeds John M. Trani, 58, who retired as chairman and chief executive on Dec. 31. Joseph J. DeAngelo, executive vice president for the company's tool group, and James M. Loree, the chief financial officer, will manage the company until a new chief executive is found, Stanley said.
p3963
aVForeign stakeholders in the Enron Corporation's stalled $2.9 billion power project, Dabhol Power, have offered to sell their 85 percent for less than half their original investment. Enron, which owns a 65 percent stake, and the General Electric Company and the Bechtel Group, which own 10 percent each, have offered to sell their combined stake for $380 million. The 2,184-megawatt power project came to a standstill two years ago when the sole buyer of the power it generated, the utility of the western state of Maharashtra, defaulted on payments. Saritha Rai (NYT)
p3964
aVReginald Harold Jones, who guided General Electric in the 1970's through a phase of managerial changes and shifting focus toward new materials like plastics, died Tuesday at his home in Greenwich, Conn., his family reported. He was 86.
p3965
aVThe number of fuel-efficient hybrid models available in the United States will more than double in the next year, to seven from three, with new entries coming from Toyota, Honda and Ford Motor. Two of the new vehicles were announced at the North American International Auto Show -- one of the auto industry's most important annual product previews -- which opened here Sunday for the news media.
p3966
aVNBC, after some half-hearted negotiations to drive down the price of another season of ''Frasier,'' is expected to announce today that the hit comedy will end its 11-season run in May, network executives said. Unlike another longtime NBC comedy hit, ''Friends,'' which is going through its final season amid enormous fanfare and publicity, ''Frasier'' seems to be going gently (and quietly) into that good night of reruns. NBC had been holding back on making the final call, apparently to see if some deal could be worked out that might bring ''Frasier'' back for one last season.
p3967
aVMicrosoft Antitrust Deal Is Said to Fall Short Two separate reports suggest the antitrust consent decree reached between Microsoft and the Justice Department has neither fostered significant competition nor changed Microsoft's anticompetitive behavior. The government's agreement with Microsoft to settle its antitrust lawsuit has ''fallen short'' of its goal of creating competition, according to the plaintiffs' report. [Page C2.]
p3968
aVJames M. Early, an electrical engineer who pioneered increased transistor performance in the 1950's at Bell Labs, died on Jan. 12 at the veterans hospital in Palo Alto, Calif. He was 81 and lived in Palo Alto. The cause of death was severe asthma, which Mr. Early had suffered from since childhood, a daughter, Mary Beth Early, said.
p3969
asS'201210'
p3970
(lp3971
sS'200403'
p3972
(lp3973
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had agreed to buy InVision Technologies Inc., a maker of bomb-detection equipment, for about $900 million to expand its security business. InVision, which is based in Newark, Calif., designs equipment to detect explosives in luggage. Its shares have almost doubled in price in the last year as demand for its airport security products has soared. A G.E. unit, GE Infrastructure, will pay $50 a share for InVision, whose shares closed at $41.22 on Nasdaq on Friday. GE Infrastructure's chief executive, Bill Woodburn, said an undetermined number of jobs would be cut after the acquisition. G.E. said the acquisition would improve its ability to provide airport, mass transportation, border and power plant security.
p3974
aVThe Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating suspected insider trading this month in options on the stock of InVision Technologies in the days before the General Electric Company announced it would buy the company. The Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York has granted an S.E.C. request for a temporary restraining order freezing $2 million of assets of ''unknown purchasers'' of call options on shares of InVision, the S.E.C. said in a statement. General Electric announced on Monday that it had agreed to buy InVision, a maker of explosives detectors for airports, for $900 million.
p3975
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it planned to offer about 118 million shares of its common stock to raise capital for its purchase of Vivendi Universal's entertainment interests. Vivendi Universal and General Electric reached an agreement in October to merge Vivendi's Hollywood studio, cable TV networks and theme parks with G.E.'s NBC business, creating a media giant with about $13 billion in annual revenue. The new company will include the NBC television network and its cable channels CNBC, MSNBC and Bravo and Spanish-language broadcaster Telemundo as well as Vivendi's Universal movie and TV studios, which already make NBC's hit show ''Law and Order,'' plus the USA, Sci-Fi and Trio cable channels and several theme parks. Universal Music Group, the largest music company, is not part of the deal and will be retained by Vivendi. The stock offering is expected to raise about $3.8 billion.
p3976
aVThe lawsuit filed by Vivendi Universal to force Barry Diller to get out of the way of a planned deal with the General Electric Company's NBC unit will go to trial in a Delaware Court in May, after a ruling yesterday from the judge overseeing the case. The request on expedition made by Vivendi, which is based in Paris, said the suit must be resolved before Vivendi's United States unit can combine with NBC. ''I'm satisfied there's a need for expedition,'' Vice Chancellor Stephen Lamb said at the conclusion of a hearing on the question of how fast the Delaware Chancery Court should move on the case. The judge set a trial date of May 7, if the matter is to be tried in a single day. If the trial is to take two days, it will be May 6 and 7.
p3977
aVGeneral Electric will acquire the major assets of the largest American-owned maker of solar equipment, in a move the solar power industry sees as a major vote of confidence in the business. A federal bankruptcy court judge in Delaware yesterday approved G.E.'s plan to buy the bulk of AstroPower for $15 million in cash and an estimated $3.5 million in debt, along with other liabilities to be settled when the deal closes at the end of the month. It would be the most decisive step yet by G.E. into the so-far unprofitable business of generating electricity from sunlight, a technology that G.E. researchers have dabbled in for nearly half a century.
p3978
aVIn recent weeks, the price of West Texas crude oil has climbed to its highest level since the eve of the Iraq war, resulting in gasoline prices approaching $3 a gallon in some cases. Natural gas prices have remained elevated during the winter, translating into higher heating and electricity costs for millions of homes and businesses. The economy, meanwhile, is expanding at a 4.1 percent annual rate, weathering the rise in oil and gas costs without the faster inflation and economic stagnation associated with energy price spikes in the late 1970's and early 1980's.
p3979
aVRecalling that Quebec powers New York and Paraguay powers So Paulo, Viktor N. Minakov tapped his pen on a map of Russia's Far East and spun a vision of this corrugated landscape helping power China, the 21st century's factory to the world. As power blackouts threaten China's industrial growth, China is increasingly looking north, much the way American power company executives first looked to Canada for power in the 1960's. Only 3 percent of hydroelectric power potential has been tapped in border areas of the Russian Far East, a mountainous region with a population density on a par with that of Maine.
p3980
aVIn another attempt to address complaints about indecency on broadcast television, the four largest broadcast networks said yesterday that they had agreed to join with the Advertising Council in New York for public-service campaigns promoting the V-chip, which lets parents block television programs they consider offensive for their children. The networks taking part in the initiative are ABC, part of the Walt Disney Company; CBS, part of Viacom; Fox, part of the News Corporation; and NBC, part of General Electric. Fox has been running commercials produced internally that discuss the V-chip, and it will continue to run the spots. The other networks will work on commercials with the council.
p3981
aVCredit Suisse First Boston shuffled the management of its struggling mergers and acquisitions group yesterday, according to an internal company memorandum. Marc Granetz, who has been in charge of media and telecommunications banking, was named to run the bank's mergers and acquisitions practice. Mr. Granetz, who advised General Electric on its acquisition of Vivendi Universal's entertainment assets last fall, will succeed Donald Meltzer and George Boutros, who had jointly run the group.
p3982
aVFleetBoston Financial expects to pay $59.4 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges of trading abuses by its New York Stock Exchange market-making unit, according to a regulatory filing yesterday. The five biggest market makers, known as specialists, reached a preliminary accord with the regulators on Feb. 18 to jointly pay about $240 million in restitution and penalties after S.E.C. accusations that they made trades when the trades were not needed or that they traded ahead of customers. The firms neither admitted nor denied the accusations.
p3983
asS'198004'
p3984
(lp3985
sS'198005'
p3986
(lp3987
sS'198006'
p3988
(lp3989
VThe U.S. Pioneer Electronics Corporation announced that it would begin marketing a videodisk system later this month. The company, which is manufacturing a version of the optical, or laser, videodisk player developed jointly by N.V. Philips of the Netherlands and Hollywood's MCA Inc., said its so-called Laserdisc unit would go on sale in Dallas; Madison, Wis.; Minneapolis and Syracuse by July 1. U.S. Pioneer will thus join the Magnavox Consumer Electronics Company as the only sellers of such a system. The RCA Corporation has said that it intends to start marketing a videodisk system of its own in the first quarter of 1981 for around $500. The RCA system is incompatible with the Philips-MCA videodisk.
p3990
aVThe Union Carbide Corporation signed an agreement in principle yesterday to sell 10 plants in four countries to a Norwegian-Canadian group. It said it would realize $285 million on the venture but did not expect any material gain or loss on the sale.
p3991
aVApple Computer announced a major expansion program that includes two new plants and five new regional distribution and support centers. * Coastal Corporation said its newly formed Libyan exploration unit had signed an agreement with the Libyan National Oil Company to participate in exploration and development of potential petroleum reserves in Northeastern Libya.
p3992
aVDow Chemical of Canada Ltd. said its previously proposed polyethylene plant, to have a capacity of 400 million pounds a year and to be built in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, is estimated to cost $75 million. * Gulf Oil Corporation completed divestiture of real estate development activities by selling its interest in Ocean Village, a condominium development in Fort Pierce, Fla., to a corporation owned by Harrison Land Development Inc.
p3993
aVThe Justice Department announced today that it would not challenge the General Electric Company's revised plan to acquire a sophisticated X-ray product line from Thorn EMI Ltd. of London. The department's antitrust division had threatened on Monday to bring an antitrust suit to stop the deal, which it alleged would reduce competition in the sale of computed axial tomography medical diagnostic imaging equipment, better known as CAT scanners.
p3994
aVThe General Electric Company beat out British and other competitors and won a multimillion-dollar contract to build the first stage of the new British-operated early-warning radar system, according to Government officials.
p3995
aVThe Justice Department announced that the General Electric Company had revised its acquisition plans as a result of a threat earlier in the week by the department. A Justice Department spokesman said antitrust division lawyers were studying a revised version of G.E.'s plan to buy a sophisticated X-ray product line from Thorn EMI Ltd. of London.
p3996
aVbattery (page D3)/photo of David Judelson in battery-powered van ELECTRIC-CAR BATTERY IS INTRODUCED (page D3) By ANTHONY J. PARISI Gulf and Western Industries said yesterday that it had developed a new battery system that would permit the manufacture of a practical electric car able to go 150 miles, at 55 miles an hour, without a recharge.
p3997
aVMore plant closings and layoffs were announced this week because of the developing economic recession. Among the announcements were the following: * American Motors Corporation, Southfield, Mich., will close its auto and specialty vehicle plant in Kenosha, Wis., for the coming week, temporarily idling 7,500 workers.
p3998
aVGordon A. Walker, the 52-year-old president of U.S. Industries, has been named to the additional posts of chairman and chief executive officer, effective Jan. 1, 1981. He will succeed I. John Billera, 67, who will retire. U.S. Industries, based in Manhattan, was founded by the legendary Diamond Jim Brady in 1899 to manufacture freight cars and later began producing presses and pressed steel. It is now concentrated in three fields - industrial, building and consumer products and services.
p3999
asS'198007'
p4000
(lp4001
VAshland Development, a subsidiary of Ashland Oil, is building a coal-oil plant at South Point, Ohio, to produce 18 million gallons of fuel a year. * Caltex Petroleum will sell 60 percent of its Bahrain refinery to Bahrain for more than $400 million. * General Electric and Alfa Romeo have signed an agreement covering licensing and manufacturing of G.E.'s T700 turboshaft engine. * Institutional Investors Trust said it would be unable to make a $1 million amortization payment on a $24.1 million senior bank debt. If negotiations to reschedule the payment fail, the trust said, senior bank lenders will be in a position to declare all the senior debt and accrued interest due and payable.
p4002
aVAmerada Hess Corporation's Hess Oil Virgin Islands Corporation received a $318.2 million contract from the Defense Logistics Agency for fuel oil. * American Medical International said it had ordered 30 mobile CAT scanners from the General Electric Corporation at a price of $27 million.
p4003
aVAmerican Electric Power Service Corporation announced selection of a site in downtown Columbus, Ohio, for a new 32-story headquarters building to be completed in early 1983. * American Medical International said it had agreed to acquire two county hospitals, in North and South Carolina, and to replace them with new facilities costing a total of $32 million.
p4004
aVAmerican Electric Power Company said it had contracted with two Australian companies for 4.5 million pounds of uranium, with a current market value of $140 million, for use in a nuclear power plant. The order is the first by an American utility from the new generation of mines being developed in northern Australia. * Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. said it would place a department store in the new $85 million Mall of Memphis, although it had not decided which of its name department stores would be built there.
p4005
aVAsamera Oil Corporation holders approved a name change to Asamera Inc. * Bliss & Laughlin Industries said it had reached agreement in principle to buy certain assets of AES Technology Systems for $15 million plus royalties. * Chevron USA said it raised the wholesale prices for regular and unleaded motor gasoline by 2 cents a gallon, effective yesterday, and the price of supreme gasoline by 3 cents a gallon.
p4006
aVAlalog Devices Inc. said it had reached agreement with Memory Devices Ltd. to increase its ownership from 51 percent to 100 percent effective July 1. * Amax Inc., United States Energy Corporation, and Crested Butte Silver Mining said they had signed an agreement concerning mineral properties at the Mount Emmons molydenum project in Gunnison County, Colo.
p4007
aVAllen L. Rayfield, 45 years old, a career official at the General Electric Company, has been named president of GTE Communications Products, based in Stamford, Conn, effective Aug. 1. The company is the largest component of the General Telephone and Electronics Corporation and had sales last year of about $2 billion. The unit, known in the telecommunications industry as the Western Electric of General Telephone, manufactures the instruments, switching gear and other equipment used by the parent corporation's operating companies. It has 27 plants and 10 laboratories in the United States and overseas.
p4008
aVThe General Motors Corporation, despite its criticism of Government-mandated fuel-economy standards, announced today that it planned to market a line of 1985 model cars averaging 31 miles a gallon, three and a half better than the 27.5 miles a gallon required. The announcement by G. M., the nation's largest automobile manufacturer, seemed certain to place pressure on its competitors to follow its lead by bringing out more efficient models.
p4009
aVACF Industries, which manufactures and leases railroad cars and makes automotive equipment, has elected Raymond F. Rogers a vice president. * General Electric Company, Fairfield, Conn., has elected Thomas H. Fitzgerald and James R. Olin vice presidents. * Guardian Industries Corporation, Northville, Mich., has named Richard Griffin treasurer. * International Controls Corporation, Thomaston, Conn., designer and manufacturer of products for aerospace, electronics and energyrelated markets, has elected Michael R. Rossi Jr. and Farrell W. Brodie corporate group vice presidents for eastern and western operations, respectively.
p4010
aVRECESSION is usually when credit people are needed the most,'' John F. Flowers, manager of corporate credit and collection for the General Electric Company, commented last week. Cooke O'Neal, vice president of the National Association of Credit Management, agrees. ''Accounts receivable are sometimes the largest asset of companies, particularly the smaller ones,'' he said. That means the credit manager becomes a more vital profit center during a credit squeeze.
p4011
asS'198001'
p4012
(lp4013
sS'198002'
p4014
(lp4015
sS'198003'
p4016
(lp4017
sS'201010'
p4018
(lp4019
VBecause of a transcription error, the Boss column on Sept. 26, about David Schlotterbeck of CareFusion, a medical device company, referred incorrectly to the history of Frigidaire, where he previously worked. It was once a unit of General Motors, not General Electric.
p4020
asS'201011'
p4021
(lp4022
VThe Swiss group ABB is set to buy the Baldor Electric Company, an American motor manufacturer, for $3.1 billion, the companies said on Tuesday in a joint statement ABB, which specializes in automation, has offered $63.50 a Baldor share as it makes a push into North America. The deal will also give Baldor access to global markets for its industrial electric motors.
p4023
aVGeneral Electric said Thursday that it would buy 25,000 electric vehicles by 2015, including 12,000 from General Motors.
p4024
aVDETROIT -- General Motors is adding 1,000 jobs in Michigan to develop more electric and hybrid vehicles similar to the Chevrolet Volt, which it officially introduced on Tuesday, the company said. The new jobs, in engineering and research, are the latest commitment by G.M. to broaden its lineup of energy-efficient models as well as to invest in its home state, which has the nation's second-highest unemployment rate.
p4025
aVMichael Polsky's wind farm company was doing so well in 2008 that banks were happy to lend millions for his effort to light up America with clean electricity. But two years later, Mr. Polsky has a product he is hard-pressed to sell.
p4026
aVThe new Republican majority in the House has vowed to undo vast swaths of the Obama administration's agenda for health care reform. But analysts predict that technology projects will be mostly off limits. ''The tech spending is set to go on,'' said Lynne Dunbrack, an analyst in the Health Industry Insights unit for IDC, a technology research company. ''The better use of health care technology to reduce costs and improve care has bipartisan support.''
p4027
asS'201012'
p4028
(lp4029
VGeneral Electric said on Monday that it had reached an agreement to buy the British oil services company Wellstream for $1.3 billion, two months after a lower offer from G.E. was rejected. The bid values Wellstream at 800 million, and will pay Wellstream shareholders 780 pence cash a share, as well as a 6-pence special dividend. The Wellstream board intends unanimously recommend the offer, with the deal set to close in the first quarter of next year.
p4030
aVThe Swiss group ABB is set to buy the Baldor Electric Company, an American motor manufacturer, for $3.1 billion, the companies said on Tuesday in a joint statement ABB, which specializes in automation, has offered $63.50 a Baldor share as it makes a push into North America. The deal will also give Baldor access to global markets for its industrial electric motors.
p4031
aVDETROIT -- General Motors is adding 1,000 jobs in Michigan to develop more electric and hybrid vehicles similar to the Chevrolet Volt, which it officially introduced on Tuesday, the company said. The new jobs, in engineering and research, are the latest commitment by G.M. to broaden its lineup of energy-efficient models as well as to invest in its home state, which has the nation's second-highest unemployment rate.
p4032
aVHONG KONG No American company would seem to have more to gain than General Electric from the Obama administration's decision on Wednesday to accuse China, in a World Trade Organization case, of providing illegal subsidies to Chinese wind turbine makers.
p4033
aVWASHINGTON -- The revised free-trade agreement with South Korea announced on Friday by the Obama administration has gotten acclaim from corporate leaders and Congressional Republicans. But the pact is likely to result in little if any net job creation in the short run, according to the government's own analysis.
p4034
asS'198008'
p4035
(lp4036
VAnalog Devices Inc. said it had agreed with the Standard Oil Company (Indiana) for Standard to fund a new Analog division called Analog Devices Enterprises, which will supply capital to young companies in businesses closely related to Analog's growth plans. * Anaconda-Ericsson Inc., a new corporation with about $700 million in colsolidated sales, has been formed through the joining of units formerly associated with Anaconda's Wire and Cable division and LM Ericsson Telephone Company of Sweden. Headquarters will be in Greenwich, Conn.
p4037
aVAmdahl Corporation said it would invest $13 million in a major expansion of its factory in Ireland. * Diebold Inc. agreed in principle to sell certain assets and its Lamson division to a United States affiliate of Lamson Saunier Duval of France. * Dynalectron Corporation's Electrical Contracting Group received $42.5 million in recent awards for construction of large industrial and commercial projects in the United States and Canada.
p4038
aVThe General Dynamics Corporation yesterday reported earnings of $54.4 million, or $2.01 a share, for the second quarter, an increase of 14 percent from $47.8 million, or $1.77 a share, in the comparable period last year.
p4039
aVThe General Electric Credit Corporation said that it would ''vigorously resist'' a lawsuit filed by New York State Attorney General Robert Abrams charging it with illegal credit practices. In a statement released from the New York offices of its parent company, the General Electric Company, officials said they had ''fully complied'' with all applicable provisions of state and Federal law, including truth-in-lending requirements.
p4040
aVThe General Electric Company will spend $55 million to build a micro-electronics center near here, Gov. James B. Hunt and the company announced today. Construction is scheduled to begin in September, with initial production shipments scheduled for early 1982. The facility will employ about 160 persons initially. Governor Hunt said the move would place North Carolina in the vanguard of the industrial-electronics ''revolution.''
p4041
aVAttorney General Robert Abrams charged yesterday in Manhattan State Supreme Court that a company that sold meat in bulk and the consumer credit subsidiary of the General Electric Company had violated state and Federal truth-and-lending laws by deliberately deceiving meat buyers about the true credit costs of their purchases. In court papers, Mr. Abrams asserted that, because of a secret agreement between the companies, the General Electric Credit Corporation and the Stockyard Beef Outlet Inc., consumers were charged more than they should have been for the purchased food when paying through an installment plan.
p4042
aVThe General Motors Corporation and the General Electric Company, this country's only manufacturers of locomotives, disclosed yesterday that new orders had declined substantially as a result of the recession. Starting in July, General Motors cut its production rate almost 20 percent, and General Electric expects a similar production decline for the entire year, executives of the companies said in separate interviews.
p4043
aVCanadian General Electric received a $64 million contract from Ontario Hydro for supply of the fuel-handling system at the Darlington Nuclear Generating Station. * Harsco Corporation signed a letter of intent with the Striker Machine Company to buy all of the concern's preferred and common stock for $7 million.
p4044
aVBoeing Company officials announced that the company had a $150 million contract to sell four more jet passenger aircraft to the Iraqi Government. The State Department is reviewing the license to sell a 747 jumbo jet and three 727's to Iraq. The department this week approved the sale of General Electric engines for installation in four Iraqi warships that will patrol the Persian Gulf.
p4045
aVIn the first decision of its kind, the Council on Wage and Price Stability today raised voluntary price guidelines for the General Electric Company to take account of the company's increased labor costs. What was new about the decision was the way in which the price increases were allowed under the Government's voluntary wage-price limitation program.
p4046
asS'198009'
p4047
(lp4048
VA Federal grand jury indicted the General Electric Company, other companies and individuals today in connection with an alleged $1,250,000 plot to bribe Puerto Rican officials in return for a contract to build a power plant. The indictment charged that G.E. had defrauded the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico by trying to influence Carlos Velazquez Toro, chief of operations of the Puerto Rico Water Resources Authority.
p4049
aVThe Pacific Gas and Electric Company said it planned to file a notice of intent with the California Public Utilities Commission on Tuesday for a $1.4 billion annual rate increase that would go into effect in 1982 and that would probably be the largest general rate increase requested in history. The increase would raise annual revenues for the utility by about 22 percent.
p4050
aVThe General Electric Company and Intersil Inc. announced that they had signed an agreement in principle whereby Intersil would become a wholly owned subsidiary of G.E. According to the terms of the agreement, G.E. would pay $35 a share, or $235 million, for the 6.8 million Intersil shares outstanding.
p4051
aVColeco Industries, Hartford, a manufacturer of recreational products, has named Gale Jenkins to the new position of vice president-creative development. * Inland Shoe Manufacturing Company, St. Louis, has appointed Raymond V. Sessa to vice president of product development of the Inland footwear group.
p4052
aVWhen Orion L. Hoch, president and chief executive officer of Intersil Inc., became head of the semiconductor electronic equipment company after a merger in 1976, he found himself in charge of two faltering companies. Intersil, he recalled in a telephone interview, was in trouble and so was its merger partner, Advanced Memory Systems, or AMS. He had been brought in as president of AMS in 1974, and at the time of the merger it was close to bankruptcy.
p4053
aVThe Justice Department said today that it had reached an agreement with Wheelabrator-Frye Inc. that would permit the company to acquire Pullman Inc. The agreement would require Wheelabrator, a producer of environmental control and energygeneration systems, to divest itself of an industrial chimney manufacturing subsidiary and a division that builds electric arc furnaces. The agreement removes a major obstacle to the merger, but Wheelabrator still faces competition from McDermott Inc., a New Orleans-based oil-services concern, which is also seeking Pullman.
p4054
aVAllied Chemical Corporation, Morris Township, N.J., has elected to its board Jewel Plummer Cobb, dean of Rutgers University's Douglass College. * Avon Products Inc. has elected to its board Hicks B. Waldron, president and chief executive officer of Heublein Inc. * Carling O'Keefe Ltd., Toronto-based brewer, has appointed Alastair Gillespie chairman, succeeding John C. Lockwood, who is retiring.
p4055
aVInternorth Inc., an energy holding company based in Omaha, made an unsolicited tender offer yesterday of $40 a share for 6.7 million shares - 54.6 percent - of the Crouse-Hinds Company of Syracuse, which manufactures and markets protective fittings and other electrical construction materials. Internorth said that it planned later to propose merging the companies in an exchange of Internorth stock for the balance of Crouse-Hinds stock, which would bring the value of the total transaction to about $490 million.
p4056
aVDiamond Shamrock Corporation, Dallas, has elected Edmund M. Olivier vice president of planning and development. * Firstmark Corporation, Buffalo, a diversified financial-services company, has elected Jeffrey A. Rochwarger a vice president. * First Pennsylvania Corporation and the First Pennsylvania Bank, Philadelphia, have elected to their boards Robert McClements Jr., executive vice president of the Sun Company, and Robert H. Mundheim, professor of law and finance at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Gerard M. Keeley was appointed executive vice president and head of wholesale banking for the bank. * General Electric Company, Fairfield, Conn., has elected Robert T. Bruce, Gregory J. Liemandt and Henry J. Singer vice presidents. * Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio, has elected Westi Hansen a vice president. * Government Employees Insurance Company, Washington, D.C., has elected Eugene J. Meyung senior vice president, O.M. Nicely regional vice president and Joseph C. Albert vice president.
p4057
aVIt's time we did more than just wave the flag,'' said Jerry B. Gray, president of the Zale Federal Credit Union in Dallas, ''so we decided to put our money and our mouth in the same bag.'' In a show of support for the depressed domestic auto industry, the Zale Corporation's credit union now charges 2 percent more for loans on foreign cars than on American cars. At least 10 credit unions around the country have instituted similar policies in recent days. Some have even closed their windows to foreign-car loans.
p4058
asS'198411'
p4059
(lp4060
VIn what Washington describes as an attempt to counter countries that unabashedly subsidize their exports, the United States is using funds intended for foreign aid to reduce the price of American exports. About a month ago, the United States allocated $4.2 million, which was to have helped the southern African country of Botswana buy commodities, to reduce the interest rate that Botswana will pay on a loan if it buys locomotives from the General Electric Company or the General Motors Corporation. If Botswana signs the contract for the locomotives, it will get the $4.2 million, which it can apply to the financing costs. This is the first mixed credit - so called because foreign aid is mixed into a loan - that the United States has offered, aside from an experimental program confined by legislation to Egypt.
p4061
aVThe General Electric Company received a $176.7 million Air Force contract for MX missile re-entry vehicle parts and a $56.4 million contract from the Army for vehicle transmissions, the Defense Department said. The Army also gave the Thiokol Corporation's Aerospace division a $56.4 million contract to operate a Government facility in Shreveport, La.
p4062
aVThe Lockheed Corporation received Air Force contracts totaling $230.4 million for C-5B aircraft equipment and for training equipment, the Defense Department said. In addition, the General Electric Company got a $216.5 million order from the Navy for 1,549 gas turbine engines and the General Dynamics Corporation received contracts totaling $204.3 million for Navy missiles, Army tank production materials and Air Force aircraft equipment, the department said.
p4063
aVThe General Electric Company said it had signed an agreement with the Wuxi Electrical Apparatus Company that would lead to the establishment of a network to sell G.E. programmable controllers in China. G.E. said Wuxi would set up eight regional offices to distribute and market the controller units, which employ microcomputers to control industrial machines and processes.
p4064
aVThe Grumman Corporation reported flat earnings for the third quarter, while General Dynamics posted record profits. At Grumman, profits totaled $29.8 million, or 99 cents a share, compared to $29 million, or 98 cents a share, in the quarter last year. Sales of the aerospace company rose 14 percent, to $659.9 million, from $578.7 million.
p4065
aVThe chairman of a House committee has demanded that the Navy take control of two General Dynamics Corporation shipyards because the company gave gifts to Adm. Hyman G. Rickover in 1977 when he was head of the Navy's nuclear submarine program. In a letter to Navy Secretary John F. Lehman Jr., made public today, Representative John D. Dingell called for ''immediate termination'' of General Dynamics' contracts for the Trident ballistic missile submarine and the 688-class attack submarine, the ''smooth transfer'' of management of the shipyards to the Navy or a new contractor and a ban on new Navy contracts for General Dynamics. The yards of the company's Electric Boat division are at Groton, Conn., and Quonset Point, R.I.
p4066
aVPublic Service Company of Indiana Inc.'s directors today formally announced the cancellation and abandonment of the $2.8 billion Marble Hill nuclear power plant. ''We believed, and we still do, that finishing the plant would be best, but financing is not possible,'' said the utility's chairman, Hugh A. Barker.
p4067
aVAfter years of taking a back seat to the Federal Express Corporation in the overnight parcel delivery business, the Emery Air Freight Corporation is growing apace by offering the longest list of services in the air-freight industry. Emery, long viewed as the most conservative of the air shippers, has been looking for special niches. Like Federal Express, the Airborne Freight Corporation and others, Emery makes overnight deliveries of small, lightweight envelopes and parcels. But, using its huge, three-year- old sorting and distribution hub in Dayton, Ohio, Emery has also made itself No. 1 in air shipments of heavy cargo. And it is the nation's largest international forwarder of documents, packages and parcels, a business in which Emery sees enormous growth potential.
p4068
aVThe Black & Decker Manufacturing Company said it would close its plant in Allentown, Pa., which employs 850 people, in early 1986. The plant, bought last spring by the Maryland- based home equipment company, makes toaster ovens and related products. It was acquired by Black & Decker as part of the purchase of the General Electric Company's housewares business.
p4069
aVThe Secretary of the Navy, John F. Lehman Jr., today announced the award of nearly $2 billion worth of contracts to six East Coast and Gulf Coast shipyards for 10 warships after competitive bidding that he said cut $243 million from initially estimated costs. Mr. Lehman also said at a news conference that evidence seen so far in the investigation of gifts given to retired Adm. Hyman G. Rickover by shipbuilders would not warrant canceling any contracts. Two of the shipbuilders mentioned in the investigation received some of the contracts announced today.
p4070
asS'197811'
p4071
(lp4072
sS'199009'
p4073
(lp4074
VLEAD: The Electric Boat division of the General Dynamics Corporation plans to lay off about 1,000 of its 8,000 salaried workers before Dec. 1, the company said in an employee bulletin. The layoffs will be spread among Electric Boat operations in several states, said Neil D. Ruenzel, a spokesman for the submarine builder.
p4075
aVLEAD: Six months after taking on heavy debt in a $3.8 billion hostile takeover of one of its biggest rivals, the Georgia-Pacific Corporation said yesterday that it was selling some assets in a deal worth $740 million.
p4076
aVLEAD: Northwest Airlines has received a $500 million loan from two of its leading suppliers, Airbus Industrie and the General Electric Company, a spokeswoman for Airbus said yesterday. The loan was arranged by Airbus, the European aerospace consortium, after Northwest agreed to buy an additional 75 of the company's
p4077
aVLEAD: The General Electric Capital Corporation, a unit of the General Electric Company, priced $250 million in notes due 1993 through competitive bidding yesterday.
p4078
aVLEAD: Most designers try to make products lighter so they will be easier to ship and handle. The plastics division at the General Electric Company has done the opposite by developing a new line of plastics that are twice as heavy for a given volume as similar materials. The reason? To compete with materials such as ceramics, glass, porcelain and metal in applications where customers equate weight with quality.
p4079
aVLEAD: America West Airlines Inc. has arranged an unusual way to finance its $200 million purchase of the Pan Am Shuttle, people familiar with the negotiations said. Aircraft leasing companies and an engine manufacturer are said to be lending the airline the money in exchange for America West's agreement to purchase or lease more than 100 Airbus Industrie
p4080
aVLEAD: The Georgia-Pacific Corporation, in need of cash to help finance its $5 billion takeover of the Great Northern Nekoosa Corporation, is negotiating to sell about $740 million worth of mills and timberlands. The prospective buyers are the Packaging Corporation of America, a subsidiary of Tenneco Inc., and the General Electric Capital
p4081
aVLEAD: The Government officially notified Congress today that a deal had been worked out for the sale of 120 FA-18 jet fighters to South Korea.
p4082
aVLEAD: Alain Gomez is an unlikely candidate to be the savior of America's consumer electronics industry.
p4083
aVLEAD: * Centel Corp., Chicago, a provider of telephone service and electric power, named Patricia E. Simmons vice president of Federal legislative affairs.
p4084
asS'200409'
p4085
(lp4086
VThe Enron Corporation, which owes creditors more than $74 billion, won court approval for a $2.45 billion sale of its natural gas pipelines in the United States to a joint venture of the Southern Union Company and the General Electric Company. Judge Arthur Gonzalez of United States Bankruptcy Court approved the sale in a hearing yesterday in New York. The venture, CCE Holdings, was the highest bidder in last week's auction of the pipeline unit, Enron's largest remaining asset. The deal is part of the company's plan to exit bankruptcy by raising about $12 billion, mainly from asset sales. Enron, based in Houston, has two major businesses -- Portland General electricity utility and power plants and pipelines outside of North America. Once all the units are sold, Enron will cease to exist.
p4087
aVThe General Electric Capital Corporation and Citigroup Inc. gave the United States unit of Parmalat Finanziaria, Italy's biggest food company, an extra week to file a plan to exit bankruptcy and avoid defaulting on its financing agreements. Parmalat USA has until Sept. 9 to file a plan that is ''acceptable to a majority in interest of the lenders,'' the company said in papers filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court in New York. The previous deadline was Sept. 2. The unit, which is based in New York, decided in May to reorganize as a stand-alone business after spending several months exploring a sale of its assets.
p4088
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it would unify more than a dozen reinsurance and commercial insurance businesses under the brand name GE Insurance Solutions. The name replaces existing brands like Employers Re, GE Re, GE Frankona Re and Westport Insurance that General Electric had grouped under the Employers Reinsurance Corporation, which is based in Kansas City, Mo.
p4089
aVGeneral Electric and the Securities and Exchange Commission have settled accusations that the company failed to describe fully the substantial compensation that its former chairman and chief executive, John F. Welch Jr., received after he retired, the commission said yesterday. Under the settlement, G.E. agreed to describe all such perks in the future. The company did not admit or deny the S.E.C.'s accusations.
p4090
aVNestl, the world's largest food and drink company, said it planned to close its research and development center in New Milford, Conn., eliminating 100 jobs, over the next 15 months. The center, which works on packaging, product development and equipment research, has been in operation in New Milford for more than two decades. The local jobs will be split between Nestl plants in Marysville, Ohio, and Switzerland, with some of the New Milford workers offered transfers. The company said the layoffs were a ''restructuring effort to further focus and strengthen our R&D capabilities in our food service business.''
p4091
aVOn a morning in February, more than 40 executives huddled around a U-shaped table on the eighth floor of Universal Pictures headquarters here to discuss the marketing for their coming spring lineup. Among them was Bob Wright, who found himself debating a television commercial for the remake of ''Dawn of the Dead'' and critiquing the press junket for ''Chronicles of Riddick.'' Mr. Wright, the chairman of NBC Universal, a division of General Electric, which acquired Universal Studios in May, has been as ubiquitous these days as flashbulbs on a red carpet. He has toured the production lot, cornering Stacey Snider, Universal Pictures' chairwoman, at a meeting and peppering her with questions about how the studio greenlights movies.
p4092
aVWhirlpool plans to spend about $320 million over four years to produce more refrigerators, washing machines and stoves in Mexico, said Roy Armes, director general of the company's Mexican unit. ''Mexico is one of the biggest investments that our company is making at this point in time,'' he said. Whirlpool, which paid $320 million two years ago for its stake in its Mexican joint-venture appliance unit, exports about 35 percent of its products. Whirlpool, based in Benton Harbor, Mich., will produce washing machines in its Monterrey plant by the second half of 2005 and will start construction next month on a refrigerator factory near the northern city of Saltillo.
p4093
aVEnron, which is emerging from bankruptcy, agreed yesterday to sell its domestic natural gas pipelines to CCE Holdings, a joint venture of the Southern Union Company and the GE Commercial Finance Energy Financial Services unit of General Electric. CCE agreed to pay about $2 billion in cash and will assume about $430 million in debt, an Enron spokeswoman, Jennifer Lowney, said. The unit, CrossCountry Energy, holds Enron's interests in three natural gas pipelines, the most-prized remaining assets of the company. The bid will be presented to Federal Bankruptcy Judge Arthur Gonzales in New York for approval at a Sept. 9 hearing.
p4094
aVThe General Electric Capital Corporation and Citigroup Inc. gave the United States unit of Parmalat Finanziaria, Italy's biggest food company, two more weeks to file a plan to leave bankruptcy and avoid default. The unit, Parmalat USA Corporation, has until Sept. 30 to file the plan and until Dec. 31 to win court confirmation, the company said in papers filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court in New York. The filing deadline had been yesterday. ''The company is trying hard to meet the new deadline, but can't guarantee it will,'' said Stephen B. Selbst, Parmalat USA's bankruptcy lawyer. ''We informed the court we may need additional extensions, but we're working hard to try and meet this deadline.'' Parmalat is using funds from G.E. and Citigroup to pay employees and vendors.
p4095
aVStocks ended higher yesterday after Ford Motor raised its earnings forecasts but gains on the Nasdaq were checked after the wireless technology provider Qualcomm said an accounting review might reduce pretax income. Oil stocks rose as crude oil futures surged almost $2 a barrel to their highest close in more than three weeks amid concerns over how Hurricane Ivan and new storms might affect oil production. Some analysts worried that higher oil prices would hurt economic growth and cut into corporate profits outside the energy sector.
p4096
asS'199008'
p4097
(lp4098
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said today that it would cut more jobs because of a shrinking military budget.
p4099
aVLEAD: The All Nippon Airways Company of Japan has ordered $580 million worth of aircraft engines from the General Electric Company, G.E. said. The airline ordered G.E.'s CF6-80C2 engines for 17 Boeing 747's. With the new order, G.E. will supply the engine to 43 All Nippon 747's. All Nippon will take delivery of its first 747 later this month, with deliveries for the new order scheduled to begin in 1995, G.E.
p4100
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company's aircraft engines division said today that it planned to eliminate 1,500 jobs in its American operations by 1992 because of cuts in military spending.
p4101
aVLEAD: Empire Federal Savings of America has sold its $900 million portfolio of automobile loans to a General Electric Company subsidiary as part of the Federal Government's restructuring of the seized savings institution. The purchase is GE Capital Auto Financial Services' first significant push into the business of holding and servicing auto loans, a GE Capital spokesman said.
p4102
aVLEAD: The All Nippon Airways Company of Japan has ordered 17 more Boeing 747-400's in a deal valued at $3.5 billion, including parts and related equipment, the Boeing Company said on Monday. Delivery of the aircraft, the world's largest passenger jetliners, is scheduled to begin in 1995.
p4103
aVLEAD: The Loral Corporation signed a definitive agreement yesterday for the purchase of the Ford Motor Company's aerospace unit for $715 million in cash.
p4104
aVLEAD: * Amdura Corporation, Denver, a hardware distributor, said it would sell its Amdura National Distribution Co. unit to Our Own Hardware Co., Minneapolis, a wholesale supplier of hardware, for undisclosed terms.
p4105
aVLEAD: * Allen Group., Melville, L.I., an automotive products manufacturer, completed two separate acquisitions: the purchase of a 50 percent interest in a new-partnership joint venture with Metropolitan Air Research Testing Authority, Nashville, and the purchase of 80 percent of the stock outstanding of Grayson Electronics Co., Lynchburg, Va.
p4106
aVLEAD: Whatever damage the run-up in oil prices inflicts on the economy as a whole, the effect on electricity bills is likely to be relatively modest. Of the fuel-consuming industries, the electric utilities have been the most successful in learning the lessons of the first two oil shocks, in the 1970's, and finding other sources.
p4107
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* ALC Communications Qtr to June 30 1990 1989 Revenue 80,084,000 84,925,000 Net loss b9,587,000 2,589,000 Shares outst 35,099,000 13,641,000 6mo rev 161,920,000 175,981,000 Net loss 11,571,000 c365,000 Shares outst 24,527,000 13,629,000
p4108
asS'198912'
p4109
(lp4110
VLEAD: The General Electric Company says it has received a $500 million contract to build fighter plane engines for the Government of South Korea.
p4111
aVLEAD: Japanese Government officials say the United States' two leading aircraft engine makers have been virtually assured a big role in a Government-financed project to design an extremely fast commercial aircraft.
p4112
aVLEAD: Continental Airlines has ordered jet engines worth nearly $1.4 billion from CFM International to power up to 40 Airbus Industrie planes, the engine maker said. CFM International, a venture of the General Electric Company and Snecma of France, said Continental had ordered 20 planes powered by CF6-80E1 engines and 20 powered by CFM56-5C2 engines, with options to buy 20 more of each.
p4113
aVLEAD: The Hospital Corporation of America said its plan to retire debt with the $1.13 billion sale of 53 psychiatric hospitals had fallen through, but company executives said yesterday that they still expected to get the money by selling assets.
p4114
aVLEAD: * Ashland Coal Inc., Ashland, Ky., a mining company, said it would buy Mingo Logan Coal Co. for $137 million from BP America Inc.
p4115
aVLEAD: Neil Perlman is switching from publishing magazines to running trade shows, and he sees similarities between the endeavors. Mr. Perlman, now with Cahners Publishing, has been named the president of Cahners Exposition Group, which produces large trade shows.
p4116
aVLEAD: IN a reversal of a 26-year decline, American inventors this year obtained a larger share of the patents issued in the United States than they did in 1988.
p4117
aVLEAD: Stock prices were slightly higher yesterday, as advances of blue chips helped to pull up smaller stocks.
p4118
aVLEAD: Stock prices tracked a weak bond market to lower ground yesterday, as the Dow Jones industrial average slipped 4.91 points, to 2,736.77.
p4119
aVLEAD: Blue-chip stocks rose moderately yesterday on continued light volume. The broader market, while also up, gained less vigorously.
p4120
asS'198910'
p4121
(lp4122
VLEAD: The General Electric Company's aerospace operations in Syracuse resumed shipping products to the Navy and Air Force after Defense Department officials determined that the company had corrected serious procedural and quality control problems. Sanctions were imposed in February because the company was found to be mixing production on contracts for both the United States military and foreign governments, whose specifications were less stringent.
p4123
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said it would eliminate about 450 jobs in the next three years in the home laundry manufacturing operations at its major appliance plant here. G.E. said it would shift some manufacturing work to subcontractors to cut costs. The affected jobs will be eliminated through attrition.
p4124
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said it would eliminate the jobs of 1,100 salaried employees in its major appliance group in seven states because of weakening sales. The company said it hoped to cut most of the affected jobs by offering early retirement and transfers, but a spokesman said some layoffs may might required.
p4125
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company yesterday reported a 16 percent increase in earnings for the third quarter, based on improvements in its financial services, plastics, locomotive and electrical generating equipment operations.
p4126
aVLEAD: At one time, the automobile alternator did not have to do much more than generate electricity for the starter motor and the lights. Then came air-conditioning, 100-watt stereo systems and power for everything, even antennas. Ten years ago, alternators rarely generated more than 50 amperes of current.
p4127
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co (NYSE) Qtr to Sept 30 1989 1988 Revenue 13,000,000,000 12,200,000,000 Net inc 945,000,000 815,000,000 Share earns 1.04 .90 9mo rev 38,400,000,000 34,600,000,000 Net inc 2,766,000,000 2,375,000,000 Share earns 3.06 2.63
p4128
aVLEAD: The British Government signed over the state-owned aircraft and guided missile maker Short Brothers P.L.C. to Bombardier, a Canadian company. Bombardier, which makes subway rolling stock and small passenger jets, paid $:30 million, or $48 million, for Short Brothers. The Government gave the Montreal company $:780 million, or $1.25 billion, to assist in the takeover.
p4129
aVLEAD: Iberia Air Lines of Spain has agreed to purchase eight Airbus A340 commercial jets with an option to buy four others, the European consortium Airbus Industrie said. Iberia said the deal was worth $700 million.
p4130
aVLEAD: INVESTORS looking for a pure play in the growing trend toward stricter automotive emissions controls will not look at Sun Electric at first, but it could prove to be one of the biggest winners in the field.
p4131
aVLEAD: The McDonnell Douglas Corporation said today that it would introduce versions of its short- to medium-range commercial airliners next year that will be powered by traditional jet engines rather than a new technology the company has been considering.
p4132
asS'198911'
p4133
(lp4134
VLEAD: The General Electric Company received an order worth more than $650 million from Evergreen Airways of Taiwan for CF6-80C2 engines for Boeing and McDonnell Douglas aircraft. G.E. said Evergreen, which plans to begin service in 1992, had ordered the engines to power Boeing 747-400's and 767-300ER's and McDonnell MD-11's.
p4135
aVLEAD: Moving to take advantage of political and economic change in Eastern Europe, the General Electric Company said yesterday that it had agreed to buy control of a Hungarian light-bulb manufacturer for $150 million, making it the largest Western investment in Hungary since World War II.
p4136
aVLEAD: Outbid by two rivals, the New England Electric System formally withdrew its $2 billion bid yesterday for the assets of the Public Service Company of New Hampshire, which is under bankruptcy protection.
p4137
aVLEAD: In the quest for clean air, the utility industry today introduced a high-technology entry to curb pollution from autos: an electric van that speeds along at up to 72 miles an hour, and can run for more than 100 miles without having to be recharged.
p4138
aVLEAD: Sea Containers Ltd., which recently announced that it would sell assets as part of its alternative to an uninvited takeover, agreed today to sell cargo containers and two ferries for $411.5 million.
p4139
aVLEAD: * Cathay Pacific Airways, Hong Kong, said it would purchase two 747-400 freighters from Boeing Co., Seattle, and that it had secured options for two additional 747-400's. The contract for the firm orders is $285 million.
p4140
aVLEAD: * Dunkin' Donuts Inc., Randolph, Mass., which has been resisting an uninvited takeover offer, extended until Wednesday its deadline for receiving proposals for its possible acquisition.
p4141
aVLEAD: A panel of three administrative judges at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has recommended that an operating license be granted to the Seabrook nuclear power plant in New Hampshire, despite objections of the plant's neighbors over the adequacy of emergency evacuation plans, the commission announced yesterday.
p4142
aVLEAD: G.E. is moving into Hungary, taking advantage of liberalization in Eastern Europe. General Electric will pay $150 million for control of the Tungsram Company, a light-bulb maker. The deal is the largest American investment in Hungary since World War II. John F. Welch, G.E.'s chairman, said the purchase would help bolster G.E.
p4143
aVLEAD: * American International Group Inc., an insurance company, appointed Alan H. Fishman senior vice president of the company and president of its financial services group.
p4144
asS'197702'
p4145
(lp4146
sS'200309'
p4147
(lp4148
VGeneral Electric's chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, will receive ''performance share units'' instead of stock options, tying the equity part of his compensation more directly to financial results, the company said yesterday. G.E. said it had granted Mr. Immelt the performance units instead of the retention-oriented stock options and restricted stock units it awarded other executives. A company spokesman, David Frail, said the changes did not affect Mr. Immelt's base salary of about $3 million. Stock options involve the right to purchase a stock at a particular price, while performance units involve the ability to receive a share provided performance criteria are met.
p4149
aVThe finance company CIT Group said yesterday that its commercial services unit acquired about $446 million in factoring assets from General Electric, adding to its business related to the retail sector. CIT, which is based in Livingston, N.J., said it acquired ''a substantial portion'' of the United States factoring assets of GE Commercial Services for an undisclosed sum. Factoring typically involves management of lending and accounts receivable.
p4150
aVTWO years ago this week, Jeffrey R. Immelt became chairman and chief executive of General Electric. At the close of business on Sept. 10, 2001, Mr. Immelt's first day on the job, G.E.'s stock was at $39.95 a share. It would not trade for another week because the market was closed after the Sept. 11 attacks. The following months were difficult, and the stock fell to as low as $22.48 this year.
p4151
aVThe Cone Mills Corporation, the world's largest denim maker, won interim court permission to finance its bankruptcy reorganization by selling as much as $35 million in uncollected bills to the GE Capital Corporation. Cone Mills will also sell as much as $15 million in inventory in the next two weeks, as part of the bankruptcy reorganization intended to clear the way for a $90 million buyout by Wilbur Ross's W L Ross & Company, lawyers said at a court hearing yesterday in Wilmington, Del. Judge Mary Walrath scheduled a hearing on Oct. 10 to consider extending the bankruptcy financing beyond that date.
p4152
aVThe Justice Department reached a settlement yesterday with General Electric over its proposed purchase of the Finnish medical device maker Instrumentarium. The agreement requires G.E. to divest itself of two Instrumentarium businesses -- its Spacelabs patient monitor business and its Ziehm C-arm imaging device business. ''These divestitures will preserve competition in the sale and development of important medical devices and will prevent anticompetitive harm,'' R. Hewitt Pate, assistant attorney general in charge of the department's antitrust division, said in a statement. After a 60-day comment period, a federal judge will consider giving final approval. Calls seeking comment from G.E. were not immediately returned. European approval was given this month.
p4153
aVIn one of its current television commercials, the Hewlett-Packard Company describes itself as a leader in the science of nanotechnology. It invites consumers to imagine the exciting products of the future, like light bulbs that never burn out and ''a cellphone so small an ant could use it.'' The advertising team probably did not run that one by R. Stanley Williams, who works in the nanotechnology trenches as director for quantum science research at Hewlett-Packard Labs in Palo Alto, Calif. Not surprisingly, Mr. Williams chose not to elaborate on the telecommunications needs of insects when he spoke here this week at the Emerging Technologies Conference at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Instead, he preached patience. Yes, it is possible to build a hand-held device that can outperform all the earth's present computers, he said, but it may take 50 years to figure out how to make it.
p4154
aVAfter months of haggling with more than half a dozen bidders, Vivendi Universal is near a preliminary agreement to merge its entertainment assets with General Electric's NBC division, executives close to the talks said yesterday. Vivendi has scheduled a special board meeting tomorrow in Paris, where it is based, to approve the outlines of a deal with NBC and begin exclusive negotiations with it on final details, the executives said.
p4155
aVRobert C. Wright started his career as a buttoned-down executive in the classic General Electric style, progressing through stints in its plastics, appliance and finance divisions before taking over its NBC television network 17 years ago. But there he fell in love with the sheer fun of the entertainment business, executives close to him say. He gave his wife a pin of a peacock, not a light bulb, and he named his boat the Peacock, both after NBC's trademark. And Mr. Wright began gently bumping against his parent company's conservative financial constraints as he tried to pull off a series of acquisitions to expand his entertainment empire.
p4156
aVIt is the never-ending auction. While the board of Vivendi Universal may finally pick a merger partner -- most likely General Electric's NBC -- for its entertainment assets today, it will hardly be a done deal.
p4157
aVVivendi Universal picked a merger partner today for its entertainment assets, agreeing to enter exclusive negotiations with General Electric to unite them with NBC. If completed, the deal would result in the creation of NBC Universal, which would be the nation's sixth-largest media company. It would include NBC's assets -- the broadcast network, local stations, the cable channels CNBC and MSNBC and the Spanish-language network Telemundo -- and Vivendi's movie and television studios; its cable networks like USA, Bravo, and Sci-Fi; and the Universal Studios theme parks.
p4158
asS'200308'
p4159
(lp4160
VGeneral Electric yesterday agreed to sell its bond insurance unit for $1.9 billion to a group led by the mortgage insurer PMI Group Inc. as part of a strategy to exit slower- growing businesses and raise cash to bolster its GE Capital unit. PMI, based near San Francisco, is buying the Financial Guaranty Insurance Company with the backing of the Blackstone Group, the Cypress Group and CIVC Partners, which includes the Bank of America Corporation as an investor. General Electric, the world's biggest company by market value, will keep $260 million of the unit's profit as part of the sale. G.E. is disposing of units that do not have leading positions in their markets and raising cash to protect the credit rating of its GE Capital unit.
p4161
aVThe General Electric Company, which plans to sell some finance units for as much as $10 billion this year, said yesterday that it would post a $150 million gain on the sale of its Japanese life insurance unit to the American International Group. The gain was disclosed in General Electric's quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company agreed on June 26 to sell GE Edison Life Insurance as well as its car and home units to A.I.G. for $2.15 billion in cash.
p4162
aVSuperconductors are usually thought of as materials that lose all electrical resistance when chilled to a low enough temperature. But a company in Latham, N.Y., intends to announce on Thursday plans to turn the concept on its head by using superconductors as valves on the electric-utility power grid, letting their temperature rise to choke off the flow of power. Aided by money from the Energy Department, the company, Intermagnetics General, will build a prototype device meant to protect the power grid against energy surges. When a surge pushes the amount of current above a certain level, resistance in the superconducting material increases rapidly. As the electricity fights its way through, some energy turns into heat. That pushes the temperature above 77 Kelvin (about 320 degrees below zero Fahrenheit), which also reduces the flow of power. In addition, the device would incorporate a mechanism that generates a magnetic field. Such fields destroy the superconducting nature of the materials.
p4163
aVFast Company, a magazine that advocated a business revolution, was first published more than eight years ago on the verge of one. That revolution, fomented by digital technologies and soaring stock prices, came and went. But Fast Company remains, although in a much less exuberant and lucrative state. The task of making Fast Company relevant to slower times belongs to John A. Byrne, a writer for BusinessWeek for 18 years and the author or co-author of eight books on business, leadership and management, including the autobiography of Jack Welch, the former chief executive of General Electric.
p4164
aVIn a move that will increase its presence slightly in commercial finance, General Electric said yesterday that it had agreed to buy most of the commercial lending business of the Transamerica Finance Corporation from Aegon, its Dutch parent, for about $1 billion in cash. GE Commercial Finance will also assume $3.8 billion in debt and take over some leasing receivables.
p4165
aVThe bidding for the entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal narrowed to two contenders yesterday when the company's board, after meeting in Paris, declared that it would continue talks with General Electric's NBC division and an investor group led by a previous owner, Edgar Bronfman Jr., whose family controlled the Universal entertainment empire. The winnowing, which was widely expected, means that Vivendi Universal is essentially left with a choice between the two competitors. NBC is offering a partnership in a combined NBC-Universal entertainment conglomerate, without giving Vivendi much in the way of cash. Mr. Bronfman's group, on the other hand, would buy a majority stake in Vivendi's entertainment assets, for which the company is said to be seeking about $14 billion.
p4166
aVA group led by Edgar Bronfman Jr. that is bidding for the entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal has made an offer that includes about $8 billion in cash, says a person close to the auction. Though there were no other details available on the bid, the amount of cash being proposed is higher than what NBC is said to be offering for the assets, which include USA Network, Sci-Fi Network, a film and television studio and a stake in a theme-park business.
p4167
aVDetroit's Big Three automakers are expecting to resume production on Monday at most of the more than 50 plants crippled by last week's power failure. Company spokesmen said today that the slow return of full electricity could hamper normal output in some areas affected by the blackout. But no serious delays were expected.
p4168
aVGeneral Motors and DaimlerChrysler are dropping lawsuits against California over a landmark clean-air regulation that requires the production of millions of low-emission cars and trucks over the next decade and a half. The move creates a temporary but momentous environmental truce between the auto industry, which has blocked the zero-emission vehicle mandate that was set in motion in 1990, and California, which wields enormous influence over the global industry.
p4169
aVThe Liberty Media Corporation said yesterday that it was withdrawing from the bidding for Vivendi Universal's entertainment assets. The company announced its decision on the eve of a meeting at which Vivendi Universal's board is planning to review possible offers. A person close to the negotiations said Vivendi Universal effectively told Liberty that its bid was not adequate and would have to be substantively higher to be considered, prompting Liberty to announce its withdrawal. A Liberty spokesman declined to comment.
p4170
asS'200312'
p4171
(lp4172
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the equipment leasing business of Ikon Office Solutions, setting off a 20 percent gain in the price of Ikon's shares. Ikon will sell selected assets to GE Vendor Financial Services, a unit of GE Commercial Finance that provides financing to equipment manufacturers. G.E. and Ikon will also enter into an agreement for the financing and servicing of Ikon's future leases and rental contracts in the United States and Canada. Stock in Ikon, based in Valley Forge, Pa., rose $1.75, to $10.55 a share.
p4173
aVThe European Union's antitrust regulators said yesterday that they had approved General Electric's $480 million purchase of Agfa Gevaert's materials testing division after G.E. offered to sell part of its Panametrics subsidiary, which does similar business. The European Commission said it was satisfied with the solution because the proposed buyer, R/D Tec of Canada, is experienced in the European testing market. No price was announced. G.E. agreed to buy the testing business from Agfa in January for 400 million euros. The unit makes X-ray machines that test products ranging from airplane wings to cheese to ensure safety and quality. The commission said it coordinated its review with the Federal Trade Commission, whose own review is continuing.
p4174
aVIntermagnetics General, a maker of components used in magnetic resonance imaging systems, said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the Invivo Corporation for about $152 million to add monitoring systems for patients undergoing M.R.I. tests. Invivo agreed on the price of $22 a share after turning down an offer of $15 in cash and $4 in Intermagnetics stock as too low last month. Intermagnetics, spun off from General Electric in 1971 and based in Latham, N.Y., plans to add Invivo's monitors to its M.R.I. products. Invivo is based in Pleasanton, Calif., and has about 300 employees. Intermagnetics' largest business is designing and producing superconducting magnets for M.R.I. machines.
p4175
aVEmirates airline has selected a joint venture of the General Electric Company and Pratt & Whitney to supply engines for 21 of its Airbus A380 superjumbo aircraft in a deal worth more than $1.5 billion, the carrier, based in Dubai, said Monday. The G.E.-Pratt venture is now supplying the engines for all 43 of the A380s that Emirates has ordered from Airbus, as well as two A380s that it plans to lease. G.E. is based in Fairfield, Conn., and Pratt is a unit of United Technologies, which is based in Hartford.
p4176
aVIn clusters of modern low-and high-rise office buildings set amid acres of lush greenery here, thousands of engineers are hard at work, writing software for the latest telephones, designing next-generation microprocessors and developing wireless broadband technology. The work of these engineers is generating significant amounts of intellectual property for American companies like Cisco Systems, General Electric, I.B.M., Intel, Motorola and Texas Instruments -- whose various Indian units have filed more than 1,000 patent applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Some applications, with patents already granted, date to the early 1990's. But most applications from India have been filed in the last two years and still await decisions by the patent examiners in Washington.
p4177
aVLUCENT TECHNOLOGIES INC., Murray Hill, N.J., the largest U.S. telephone-equipment maker, won a judge's approval of a $631 million settlement to resolve 54 lawsuits accusing the company of violating securities laws. RAMBUS INC., Los Altos, Calif., a designer of computer memory chips, agreed to buy patents and licenses of Velio Communications Inc., Milpitas, Calif., a maker of computer chips, for as much as $13 million.
p4178
aVIt had seemed like low-hanging fruit. Back in the late 1990's, as Jess de Polanco looked across the Atlantic he detected in the Americas a region ripe for the products and services of the Grupo Prisa. That is the publishing and broadcasting company he had built into Spain's largest media conglomerate, perhaps best known for the country's leading paper, El Pas.
p4179
aVMorgan Stanley and the General Electric Company bought loans with a face value of $215 million from the Huarong Asset Management Company, one of four asset management companies set up by the Chinese government to dispose of bad debts. Huarong said that it would auction another $3 billion worth of bad debts and other assets later this month. Keith Bradsher (NYT)
p4180
aVBoeing said yesterday that it had received orders worth as much as $9.6 billion to build as many as 210 Super Hornet fighter jets for the Navy and develop a new version of the aircraft. The Navy awarded a five-year contract worth as much as $8.56 billion for as many as 210 of the F/A-18 E/F fighters and a separate $979 million contract to create a new G model capable of jamming radar, the company and the Navy said.
p4181
aVMotorola, looking for a new chief executive as it struggles to reverse a long-term decline in its business, has narrowed its search to two candidates and will announce a choice soon, a company spokeswoman said last night. But she refused to comment on a report that the job would go to Edward J. Zander, who retired last year as president and chief operating officer of Sun Microsystems.
p4182
asS'197703'
p4183
(lp4184
sS'200303'
p4185
(lp4186
VGeneral Electric increased the salary and bonus of Jeffrey R. Immelt by 10 percent, to $6.9 million, in his first full year as chief executive officer, according to General Electric's proxy filing. Mr. Immelt received options to buy stock valued at $8.48 million, the filing said. A spokesman, Gary Sheffer, said the company would pay Mr. Immelt $6.69 million in stock later this month because it met some financial goals that were set before he became chief. In 2002, G.E. had the smallest gain in net income since 1993 as a weak economy hurt insurance and jet-engine sales. The stock fell 39 percent, its biggest drop in at least two decades. Mr. Immelt has set a goal of at least 10 percent annual growth and has promised to own stock valued at six times his salary.
p4187
aVInstrumentarium, a medical equipment company based in Finland, said yesterday that General Electric planned to extend its buyout offer for the company beyond an April 11 deadline after regulators requested more time to review the deal. Instrumentarium said G.E. still expected the 2-billion-euro acquisition ($2.13 billion) to be closed in the second or third quarter. To complete the deal, G.E. needs approval from regulators in the United States and Europe.
p4188
aVA federal judge approved the $1.37 billion sale of the Conseco Finance Corporation to a General Electric Company unit and CFN Investments. The action paves the way for Conseco Inc. to emerge from bankruptcy. The purchase of the finance unit, made in 1998, saddled Conseco with $6 billion in debt. Judge Carol Doyle of United States District Court in Chicago approved the sale. A Conseco lawyer said the total value of the deal was $1.37 billion.
p4189
aVThe finance and insurance company Conseco Inc. auctioned off its Conseco Finance Unit for $1.01 billion yesterday, a company lawyer said, in a deal that recoups less than a sixth of what it paid to build the operation. Conseco agreed to sell the troubled finance unit to CFN Investment Holdings, an investor group, and the consumer finance unit of General Electric. The sale will help Conseco, which is based in Carmel, Ind., pay off more than $6 billion in debt to banks and bondholders, as it tries to emerge from bankruptcy protection. The sale is subject to approval by the bankruptcy court and bondholders.
p4190
aVThe General Electric Company said today that its GE Power Systems unit received contracts to provide gas turbine systems to five Chinese power producers. G.E., which is based in Fairfield, Conn., said another contract would be signed soon, bringing the total value to about $900 million for 13 of the systems.
p4191
aVBEARINGPOINT, McLean, Va., a computer consultant, was awarded a $39.9 million contract to help Afghanistan's government establish an economic-reform program. The value of the contract increases to $64.1 million if a two-year extension is exercised. GENERAL ELECTRIC, Fairfield, Conn., won European Union approval to buy a consumer lending unit from Abbey National, London, a financial services company, for about $1.4 billion.
p4192
aVEl Paso, an owner of natural gas pipelines, agreed today to pay more than $1.5 billion to settle California lawsuits accusing the company of manipulating power prices during the state's energy crisis. The company will provide California with $900 million in natural gas over 20 years under the settlement, said California's attorney general, Bill Lockyer, in a statement. The company will also pay $225 million now and $440 million over the next 20 years.
p4193
aVThe mothballed $2.9 billion Dabhol power generation project in western India, built by Enron in the 1990's and shut down after a dispute over rates with its only customer, may be revived by a joint venture between units of Tata, an Indian conglomerate, and BP of Britain. The units, Tata Power and BP Global Investment, told the Mumbai Stock Exchange on Monday that they had signed an agreement to bid for the 2,184-megawatt Dabhol plant, which was the largest foreign investment in Indian history.
p4194
aVSTRETCHING back in a swivel chair in a conference room high above Times Square, Philip J. Purcell appears not at all frazzled by all the financial, legal and regulatory troubles that are plaguing Morgan Stanley, the giant securities firm he runs, and the rest of Wall Street. Though clearly annoyed by the regulators and plaintiffs' lawyers who are pecking at Morgan Stanley and soiling its once-sterling reputation, Mr. Purcell simply says, ''It has been a very, very bad two and a half years.''
p4195
aVThe owner of Malden Mills Industries, the maker of Polartec fleece, will relinquish control of the company to a group of creditors led by GE Capital, the finance arm of General Electric, according to a bankruptcy reorganization plan filed late Friday. The chairman of Malden Mills, Aaron Feuerstein, has an exclusive option to regain control of the company, but he must raise an estimated $92 million to satisfy claims held by lenders and creditors. The company, which is based in Lawrence, Mass., has said Mr. Feuerstein expects to raise the money.
p4196
asS'200302'
p4197
(lp4198
VShareholders of General Electric will have a chance to vote on splitting the jobs of chairman and chief executive in a nonbinding proposal that G.E.'s board hoped to keep off the ballot at its 2003 annual meeting. The Securities and Exchange Commission rejected G.E.'s request to keep the proposal out of the proxy statement, a G.E. spokesman, Gary Sheffer, said yesterday. Mr. Sheffer said G.E.'s board would oppose the resolution. The proposal, which urges the appointment of a chairman who has never been G.E.'s chief executive, was made by Helen Quirini of Schenectady, N.Y., who heads a group called G.E. Retirees Justice Fund.
p4199
aVA Securities and Exchange Commission judge rejected a request by Enron yesterday to exempt its Oregon utility from an anti-monopoly law. S.E.C. lawyers contended that the utility, Portland General Electric, was not eligible for an exemption from the law, the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, which is meant to curb monopoly abuses. In an initial ruling, the S.E.C. judge, Brenda P. Murray, agreed with agency lawyers and denied Enron's request. Enron argued that concern over the status of the exemptions could jeopardize its plan to sell Portland General and raise cash to repay creditors.
p4200
aVFew surveys are unbiased. Last week, General Electric celebrated the 156th birthday of its founding father, Thomas A. Edison, by publishing the results of a recent survey asking members of the public which of Edison's inventions was his greatest. Edison once said that his personal favorite was the phonograph. But that innovation -- among the eight choices G.E. offered in the survey -- was the top pick of only 5 percent of the 1,025 responses gathered by Opinion Research, the independent polling company retained by G.E. The top vote-getter was the light bulb, selected by 73 percent of those surveyed.
p4201
aVGeneral Electric is seeking to sell its motor manufacturing business for as much as $900 million, according to people briefed on the company's plans. G.E., based in Fairfield, Conn., has hired Lehman Brothers to help it find buyers, these people said.
p4202
aVAbbey National, a big British bank, said today that it had agreed to sell most of its consumer lending division to General Electric of the United States for $1.4 billion in cash, to focus on providing consumers with checking and saving accounts, credit cards and mortgages. The division, known as First National, makes subprime mortgage loans and home improvement loans and finances large consumer purchases. First National also makes car loans and sells liability insurance, but those operations were not part of the sale. Abbey National said it was considering its options for those businesses.
p4203
aVThe General Electric Company, which began selling electronic sensors last year, plans to buy the pressure-measurement and calibration unit of Hill & Smith Holdings of England for 3 million ($4.74 million). Hill & Smith's SI Pressure Instruments unit makes sensors for companies like automakers and utilities, G.E. said. The acquisition will be folded into Druck Holdings, a sensor maker bought last year by GE Industrial Systems. The purchase is expected to close by the end of June.
p4204
aVHermes Pensions Management, which manages pension funds for the BT Group, agreed to buy the General Electric Company's 50 percent stake in MEPC Ltd., a property investment company. Terms were not disclosed. Hermes and GE Real Estate took MEPC private in 2000 and each owned 50 percent of the company, MEPC said in a statement.
p4205
aVAuto sales dropped 2 percent in January from a year earlier, carmakers reported today, signaling what many analysts say will be a tough year for the industry. Consumers are expected to benefit, though, from a wave of new products, particularly from foreign automakers like Nissan Motor, and cheaper prices because of the competition. Ford sales were up 4 percent, while G.M. sales fell 2 percent and Chrysler sales fell 12 percent. Sales were also down sharply from December as Detroit and particularly General Motors stepped back from lavish end-of-the-year incentives.
p4206
aVThe cable industry calls it the triple play. To Edward E. Whitacre Jr., the chairman of SBC Communications, the cable industry's ability to offer telephone, high-speed Internet and television services might as well be called the triple threat. With SBC's core local phone business in decline and the triple threat increasingly becoming a real threat, Mr. Whitacre has good reason to consider making a bid to take over the DirecTV satellite television operation of General Motors.
p4207
aVABB, the troubled Swiss maker of machinery, reported a loss of $787 million today for 2002. The loss widened from $691 million in 2001 and was much steeper than forecasts. The bulk of the loss reflected one-time charges, including a $420 million write-down on the American unit, Combustion Engineering. The unit filed for bankruptcy protection last week as part of a plan to settle asbestos liability claims for $1.2 billion.
p4208
asS'200301'
p4209
(lp4210
VAfter almost a quarter-century, General Electric will no longer ''bring good things to life.'' It is taking the risky step of replacing the familiar corporate slogan with one meant to laud its innovations in areas far afield from prosaic products like refrigerators and night lights. On Sunday, the New York office of BBDO Worldwide, the General Electric agency since 1920, will introduce the theme ''Imagination at work.'' The campaign will present offbeat examples of imagination's aftermath, like what would have happened had a modern-day G.E. jet engine been strapped onto the airplane the Wright brothers flew at Kitty Hawk, N.C., in 1903.
p4211
aVGeneral Electric named new leadership today at two lagging divisions, plastics and transportation systems, and created a job in Asia as it tries to reverse lackluster results. John Krenicki, 40, becomes the chief executive of GE Plastics, where operating profit slid 28 percent last year. He succeeds Yoshiaki Fujimori, 51, who was named president and chief executive of GE Asia.
p4212
aVIT was 19 degrees and the wind was whipping off Lake Erie as Ed Fire climbed onto the back of a pickup last Tuesday to address 150 workers who were on strike against General Electric. ''The greed of General Electric must stop,'' thundered Mr. Fire, president of G.E.'s largest union, as he denounced the company for increasing employee health care co-payments this month.
p4213
aVJ2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, Los Angeles, a provider of Internet-based messaging and communications, said it had acquired Cyberbox, Hong Kong, a message-management company. Terms were not disclosed. VULCAN ELECTRIC, Porter, Me., a maker of industrial and commercial electric heating elements, said it had completed its acquisition of General Measurement, Salem, N.H., a maker of precision temperature sensors. Terms were not disclosed.
p4214
aVHybrids, vehicles that save gasoline by combining electric motors with internal combustion engines, are emerging as the first alternative-powered cars to show signs of catching on with automakers and some consumers since the automobile's early days. Toyota and Honda are already selling tens of thousands of hybrids, and General Motors and Ford, worried about ceding another fast-moving market to the Japanese, have announced plans to join them. The hybrid's rise has been encouraged by pressure from environmentalists and regulators, particularly California rules curbing greenhouse gases and smog-forming pollutants.
p4215
aVREMEMBER the movie and song ''Town Without Pity''? An ambitious campaign to promote the struggling Saturn division of General Motors as a more youthful brand could well be called ''Town Without Parents.'' The fanciful towns shown in the campaign, which starts with television commercials that are scheduled to begin a three-month run tomorrow, represent stages in life from childhood and high school to college and marriage.
p4216
aVToyota announced today that it would start selling a hybrid version of a small S.U.V., the RX 330 from its Lexus brand, by the end of next year. The Lexus hybrid is likely to be the first luxury auto to use the highly fuel efficient technology and the second such S.U.V. on the market. Hybrids supplement the internal combustion engine with electric power.
p4217
aVMicrosoft, continuing its effort to extend its reach beyond computers, today introduced designs for a new class of watch that gives more than the time and a pocket audio and video player. The designs, which will be available from several manufacturers by the end of the year, were presented by Microsoft's chairman, Bill Gates, in a speech today that opened the annual International Consumer Electronics Show here.
p4218
aVSo what does Tyco International look like without the accounting gimmickry? Tyco's chief executive, Edward D. Breen, acknowledged yesterday that it is not the fast-growth, high-margin collection of assets that L. Dennis Kozlowski, the former chief executive, loved to compare to General Electric. Still, Mr. Breen proudly proclaimed in a conference call with investors that ''we're going to grow this business back for the future,'' now that Tyco has completed its internal investigation, which uncovered a pattern of aggressive accounting and prompted a $382 million restatement in earnings.
p4219
aVPresident Bush's proposal to double federal spending on fuel cell research drew praise today from automakers and skepticism from environmentalists. ''Our scientists and engineers will overcome obstacles to taking these cars from laboratory to showroom so that the first car driven by a child born today could be powered by hydrogen and pollution-free,'' the president said in his State of the Union address on Tuesday night.
p4220
asS'200307'
p4221
(lp4222
VThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its annual profit would show its smallest increase in a decade because of slow economic growth and SARS. Profit will rise from $1.55 to $1.61 a share, General Electric said. The chief executive, Jeffrey R. Immelt, previously said profit might be as high as $1.70 a share. He gave the new range after reporting that second-quarter earnings declined 14 percent.
p4223
aVThe European Commission has sent General Electric a formal statement outlining its concerns about the company's planned acquisition of the Finnish medical devices maker Instrumentarium. The companies said today that they remained confident the deal would go ahead. ''Both G.E. and Instrumentarium are continuing constructive dialogue with the European Commission and the acquisition is expected to close in the third quarter of 2003,'' the companies said in a joint statement to the Finnish stock exchange today.
p4224
aVIn a bid to secure European regulatory approval of its $2.3 billion acquisition of the Finnish medical devices maker Instrumentarium, the General Electric Company has offered to sell Spacelabs, a recently acquired unit of the Finnish company, people close to the review said today. ''We have submitted proposals to meet the European Commission's concerns,'' Louise Binns, a G.E. spokeswoman, said, declining to comment on details of the proposals.
p4225
aVCANTEL MEDICAL CORP., Little Falls, N.J., a maker of products for cleaning medical devices, said it had agreed to buy Mar Cor Services Inc., Skippack, Pa., and Biolab Group, Oakville, Canada, for about $16.3 million in cash and an undisclosed amount of assumed debt to enter the water-treatment industry. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., which began building a security business at its industrial unit last year, said it had acquired Saferex Oy, Helsinki, Finland, a maker of electronic security products, including video surveillance systems. Terms were not disclosed.
p4226
aVPUBLIC opinion is tough enough on chief executives these days, but try being the boss of a utility when some of its own shareholders have labeled it one of the ''Filthy Five'' for its copious carbon dioxide emissions. That's where James E. Rogers, the president and chief executive of the Cinergy Corporation, finds himself. Cinergy, based in Cincinnati, provides electrical power to about two million customers in Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky. Ninety percent of the electricity it produces comes from its coal-powered plants, which release as much as 70 million tons of carbon dioxide annually. Because of concern about greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide, environmental groups have pressed Cinergy and other utilities to reduce emissions and report on their efforts. Earlier this year, a coalition of shareholders, including the State of Connecticut pension fund and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility, filed a proxy resolution asking Cinergy to report its climate change risks.
p4227
aVOn the surface, few businesses would seem more left for dead than energy trading. Yet some of the world's biggest investment banks, including Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, Bank of America and Deutsche Bank, have recently taken steps to strengthen their electricity and natural gas trading operations, injecting new life into an area that had been pummeled by the 2001 collapse of Enron and California's electricity crisis. Some of the banks have departed from the Enron-esque strategy of trying to be a ''virtual'' energy company and are backing up their trading operations with investments in hard assets, including generators that supply electricity to cities like New York, calculating that now is a good time to acquire such operations cheaply.
p4228
aVMichael Savage, the talk show host fired by the cable news channel MSNBC for wishing AIDS on a caller, apologized for his remarks today. ''If my comments brought pain to anyone I certainly did not intend for this to happen and apologize for any such reaction,'' Mr. Savage wrote on his Web site.
p4229
aVHe's no Lee Iacocca, or even Jack Welch. But Lawrence Bossidy, the former chief executive at Honeywell, can sure sell books. In a tepid market for business tomes, Mr. Bossidy's book, ''Execution: The Discipline of Getting Things Done,'' is still selling strongly 13 months after it hit the stores. More than 600,000 copies are in print, according to his publisher, Crown Business, making it one of the top business best sellers of the past year. The business consultant Ram Charan is his co-author.
p4230
aVThe thousands of creditors of Enron will receive a fraction of what they are owed when the company, driven into bankruptcy by an accounting scandal, emerges from Chapter 11 as two companies with new names. Enron's reorganization plan, filed early today after five deadline extensions, said that most creditors would receive 14.4 cents to 18.3 cents on every dollar owed. Some 20,000 creditors are owed an estimated $67 billion in the bankruptcy, one of the most expensive in history.
p4231
aVJobless Rate Hits 6.4%, The Highest Level in 9 Years The labor market got tougher for job seekers in June. The economy lost 30,000 jobs, and the unemployment rate rose to 6.4 percent, the highest level in nine years. The Labor Department also said job losses were much more severe in May than originally reported -- 70,000 outside of farming, rather than 17,000. In all, the economy has lost 236,000 jobs this year. The White House said much of the economic boost to come from the latest package of tax cuts has yet to be felt. [Page A1.]
p4232
asS'200306'
p4233
(lp4234
VThe American International Group, one of the world's largest insurers, said yesterday that it was buying the Japanese life insurance business of General Electric, as well as G.E.'s small auto and home insurance business in the United States, for $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion, depending on how long the deal takes to close. A.I.G. will become the sixth-largest life insurer in Japan, with annual premium revenue of about $9 billion. Joseph B. Treaster (NYT)
p4235
aVThe General Electric Company reaffirmed its profit forecast today for the second quarter and the year. G.E., the industrial and financial services giant based in Fairfield, expects earnings of 37 cents to 39 cents a share in the second quarter, the chief financial officer, Keith Sherin, said at a meeting with investors and analysts.
p4236
aVJEFFREY R. IMMELT, chief executive of General Electric, has made it a priority that his company provide investors with financial statements of the highest quality and integrity. And indeed, because G.E.'s businesses remain bewilderingly complex, investors need all the help they can get. One of the reasons G.E.'s numbers can be difficult to parse is that it buys and sells so many businesses each year. When G.E. includes gains on asset sales in its overall operating results, instead of highlighting them on a separate line on the income statement, investors have to work harder to distinguish earnings that come from continuing operations from those that are nonrecurring. The problem is that gains from asset sales are not as desirable as earnings from continuing operations. Once a business is disposed of, it no longer generates earnings. Proceeds from its sale should not merit the same price-earnings multiple as earnings from continuing operations do.
p4237
aVIntent on surviving the first cut in the bidding for Vivendi Universal's entertainment assets, NBC is seeking to reaffirm the seriousness of its proposal for a joint venture, according to senior executives close to NBC's strategy. The executives said that the company had made it clear in discussions with Vivendi that it was enthusiastic about its bid -- which would combine its television assets with Vivendi's cable and TV production businesses -- and intended to be aggressive in pursuing it to a conclusion.
p4238
aVThe American International Group, one of the world's largest insurers, is expanding its already robust operations in Japan by buying the Japanese life insurance business of General Electric, people who have been briefed on the transaction said yesterday. A.I.G. plans to pay about $2.6 billion for the life insurance company and for G.E.'s small auto and home insurance business in the United States.
p4239
aVNBC is intent on joining the bidding for the nonmusic entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal, but wants to form an alliance with Vivendi rather than buy it out, according to several people briefed on NBC's plans. NBC, which would need the approval of its corporate parent, General Electric, before making a formal offer, wants to combine its broadcast and cable television operations with Vivendi Universal's entertainment assets in an arrangement that would give it majority control, according to several people close to NBC's planning.
p4240
aVPDF SOLUTIONS, San Jose, Calif., a maker of software used by computer chip makers, agreed to buy IDS Software Systems, Foster City, Calif., a maker of software used to manage data in the semiconductor industry, for $50.6 million. VASTERA, Dulles, Va., which helps companies manage international trade operations, said it had agreed to acquire the internal U.S. Customs operations of General Electric, Fairfield, Conn. Terms were not disclosed.
p4241
aVMcCORMICK & CO. INC., Sparks, Md., said it would sell its packaging business to Kerr Group Inc., Lancaster, Pa., a maker of plastic containers and vials, for $142.5 million, including trade liabilities. COLONIAL BANCGROUP INC., Montgomery, Ala., operator of 270 branches in six states, said it would buy closely held Sarasota BanCorporation, Sarasota, Fla., parent of Sarasota Bank, for about $40.5 million in stock to expand in Florida.
p4242
aVLOUISIANA-PACIFIC CORP., Portland, Ore., said it had sold 53,000 acres of forest near Cleveland, Tex., to Cleveland Properties, for $35.3 million, and 27,000 acres of forest in and around San Augustine County, Tex., to San Augustine Properties of Texas for $18.2 million. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., said its GE Medical Systems unit would market a prostate cancer imaging system that incorporates its Infinia Hawkeye system with the ProstaScint imaging agent of Cytogen Corp., Princeton, N.J., a maker of biopharmaceutical products used in diagnosing and treating cancer.
p4243
aVSECURITAS, Stockholm, the world's largest provider of security services, said it had bought the privately held Armored Motor Services of America for $32 million to bolster its cash-handling business in the United States. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., which last year began selling security equipment, said it had acquired Monitoring Automation Systems, Irvine, Calif., a maker of software used to run surveillance and monitoring systems for businesses. Terms were not disclosed.
p4244
asS'200305'
p4245
(lp4246
VUnited Airlines, a unit of the UAL Corporation, and General Electric gained a bankruptcy court judge's approval for their agreement on restructuring leases and financing arrangements on 51 planes. The agreement is expected to save United $200 million over five years and is part of the airline's goal to reduce aircraft costs by $500 million annually. Judge Eugene Wedoff of United States Bankruptcy Court approved the agreement yesterday in Chicago. The airline, which filed for bankruptcy protection in December, has been seeking to tailor its fleet size to a lower level of air travel demand. United, which is based in Chicago, would also get $16 million more in bankruptcy financing through the arrangement with the G.E. Commercial Finance unit.
p4247
aVThe Mirant Corporation has agreed to sell almost all of its 50 percent stake in a Virginia power plant to a General Electric unit, GE Structured Finance, for about $71 million. The plant, near Fredricksburg, Va., can generate 242 megawatts, enough power for 193,600 homes. Mirant will have a book gain of $41 million on the sale, the company said yesterday. The transaction is scheduled to close this year pending lender consent and other approvals. Mirant, based in Atlanta, is keeping a 0.5 percent interest in the power generator. GE International, through GE Power Systems, will assume the operation and maintenance agreement associated with the plant, Mirant said. Cogentrix Energy Inc., based in Charlotte, N.C., owns 50 percent of the generator.
p4248
aVThe European Commission will take charge of the antitrust assessment of General Electric's acquisition of a unit of Agfa-Gevaert at the request of seven European countries. Germany, Austria, Greece, Ireland, Spain, Portugal and Italy asked the commission to rule on the 400 million euro deal ($475 million). It involves businesses that are too small to set off an automatic review. General Electric agreed in January to buy the Agfa unit, which makes ultrasonic systems to test materials. The commission suspended the normal four-week ruling deadline so it can get information from G.E., a spokesman said.
p4249
aVThe Calpine Corporation, which produces electricity in 23 states, sold a 60 percent stake in a California power plant unit to GE Structured Finance for $82 million to help complete plants under construction. The unit leases and operates the 115-megawatt King City Power Plant in California, Calpine said. The plant produces enough power for 92,000 average homes and is fueled by natural gas. Calpine, which is based in San Jose, Calif., has shed workers, delayed plant projects and sold assets to trim debt and meet expenses after its credit ratings were cut by Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's. GE Structured Finance is part of the GE Commercial Finance unit of the General Electric Company.
p4250
aVThe European Commission has stopped the clock in its investigation into the planned acquisition by General Electric of a Finnish medical equipment company, Instrumentarium, pushing back the Aug. 18 deadline for a ruling on the deal. The commission said in a statement today that it had requested further information from both companies. ''As soon as the outstanding information is received, the commission will set a new deadline,'' the statement said.
p4251
aVThe Invitrogen Corporation, a maker of chemical kits used for analyzing and cloning genes, named Gregory T. Lucier as president and chief executive. Mr. Lucier is a former president and chief executive of the General Electric Company's GE Medical Systems information-technology business unit, Invitrogen said. He replaces Lyle Turner, founder of the 16-year-old company, who retired Jan. 1. Invitrogen is based in Carlsbad, Calif.
p4252
aVFederal regulators have reiterated findings that the Avista Corporation did not engage in improper trading in the energy crisis of 2000 and 2001. As a result, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's trial staff has asked a judge to approve an agreement that states that the energy company did not manipulate West Coast energy markets.
p4253
aVABB Ltd., the troubled Swiss builder of industrial and automation equipment, is expected to announce by the end of June the sale of its lucrative oil, gas and petrochemical business, valued at $1.5 billion. The Cooper Cameron Corporation, a United States maker of oil equipment, is the lead bidder for the most lucrative part of the division, people close to the company said. General Electric, Bechtel and Halliburton are also said to be interested in ABB's assets.
p4254
aVFor now, few Americans have heard of Enel, though millions have seen its handiwork. The company, Italy's former electricity monopoly, supplied the power that lighted the giant crystal apple that descended in Times Square to greet the new year. But Enel has ideas about introducing itself to America in a much bigger way, by concentrating on one of its strengths: renewable energy. Enel, the largest electric utility by market value in the world, is also among the world's leading producers of power from renewable resources, and it is confident that it can do so profitably where others have struggled.
p4255
aVDrivers of Hummers and hybrids have something in common after all. Both are dissatisfied with how much gas their vehicles consume, according to a closely watched survey of initial quality by J. D. Power and Associates released today. Fuel consumption was listed by drivers of both General Motors' Hummer H2 and the fuel-efficient Toyota Prius hybrid as their top complaint -- though Hummer complaints dwarfed those for Prius.
p4256
asS'200304'
p4257
(lp4258
VGeneral Electric said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the silicone unit of the Crompton Corporation for as much as $1.05 billion. Crompton will get $645 million in cash and a G.E. specialty-chemicals business that makes compounds to curb oxidation and strengthen plastic. The companies valued the business at $160 million. Crompton will also receive payments of $105 million to $250 million over three years. The unit that G.E. is buying, OSi Specialties, makes silicone for adhesives and sealants used in products from lipstick to electronics. Crompton, based in Middlebury, Conn., said it would use proceeds from the sale to pay down long-term debt and contribute to its pension plans.
p4259
aVThe General Electric Company gave investors exactly what they expected yesterday, reporting a first-quarter profit that matched Wall Street's forecasts to the penny. Despite the weak economy, General Electric also reiterated its earnings forecast for all of 2003 yesterday, saying it expects to make $1.55 to $1.70 a share.
p4260
aVThe California Public Employees' Retirement System, the nation's largest pension fund, urged General Electric shareholders to approve a resolution requiring the company to give performance-based stock options to executives. The fund, known as Calpers, solicited votes for performance-based options. Stock options currently granted by G.E. provide windfalls to executives in good economic times and penalize them in bad times, Calpers said.
p4261
aVThe Calpine Corporation, which produces electricity in 23 states, sold a 60 percent stake in a California power plant unit to GE Structured Finance for $82 million to help complete plants under construction. The unit leases and operates the 115-megawatt King City Power Plant in California, Calpine said. The plant produces enough power for 92,000 average homes and is fueled by natural gas. Calpine, which is based in San Jose, Calif., has shed workers, delayed plant projects and sold assets to trim debt and meet expenses after its credit ratings were cut by Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's. GE Structured Finance is part of the GE Commercial Finance unit of the General Electric Company.
p4262
aVA specialist for the FleetBoston Financial Corporation on the New York Stock Exchange has been suspended for trading irregularities in shares of General Electric, according to a person briefed in the investigation. Specialists are responsible for ensuring orderly trading in stocks for which they have an exclusive franchise on the exchange. The trader was placed on administrative leave two days ago by Fleet specialists.
p4263
aVThe European Commission said it had opened an investigation into the planned acquisition by General Electric of the Finnish medical equipment maker Instrumentarium. The commission said the combined entity would have high market shares in the markets for patient monitors, mobile X-ray machines and mammography equipment bought by hospitals. It also suspects that the deal may allow the company to squeeze out suppliers of machines that work alongside patient monitoring equipment, like anesthesia machines, the commission said. Paul Meller (NYT)
p4264
aVThe Xerox Corporation, the copier maker, has hired Rhonda Seegal of Avaya as treasurer to succeed Gregory B. Tayler, who was reassigned last year amid lawsuits accusing Xerox of accounting misconduct. Ms. Seegal has been treasurer at Avaya, a leading maker of office telephone equipment, since September 2000 and was deputy treasurer at General Electric before that. She will join Xerox on April 21 and will represent the company to lenders, debtholders and credit-rating companies, Xerox said. Her primary task will be to help Xerox raise cash to meet debt obligations, including $9 billion due in the next three years.
p4265
aVGENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Fairfield, Conn., the largest provider of private-label credit cards, said it had won a seven-year extension of a card services contract with Lowe's Cos., Wilkesboro, N.C., the home-improvement chain. Terms were not disclosed. ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORP., Plano, Tex., a leading seller of computer services, agreed to upgrade the Pentagon's computer networks and data-storage systems under a two-year contract valued at $258 million.
p4266
aVABB, the Swiss-Swedish company that wanted to be Europe's General Electric, does not seem able to put its past failures behind it, at least not yet. The struggling company reported another quarterly loss today -- $45 million for the first quarter, 11 times what analysts expected -- and attributed the poor showing to the heavy borrowing it did in earlier years and the costs of cutting itself back down to size. The company is trying to sell units, cut 25,000 jobs and whittle its $8.2 billion in total debt.
p4267
aVAs the Ford Motor Company scaled back expectations this week for its first hybrid-powered vehicle and backpedaled on a pledge to improve the fuel economy of its sport utility vehicles, Toyota was introducing its latest Prius, which will get about 55 miles a gallon and be the first midsize vehicle with hybrid technology. For environmentalists, the contrasting developments reinforced the sense that only foreign carmakers care about curbing America's swelling appetite for oil. ''The Japanese are where you go if you want good technology, and Detroit is where you go if you don't,'' said Daniel Becker, the top global warming expert at the Sierra Club.
p4268
asS'196910'
p4269
(lp4270
sS'196911'
p4271
(lp4272
sS'196912'
p4273
(lp4274
sS'200112'
p4275
(lp4276
VThe General Electric Company raised its quarterly dividend and increased its stock buyback plan by $8 billion yesterday in a show of confidence in its financial health. G.E., with operations that include financial services and aerospace, raised its quarterly dividend to 18 cents a share from 16 cents. The company increased its repurchase program to $30 billion from $22 billion. ''Today's increases, in both our dividend and our share repurchase program, signal our confidence in our ability to extend this track record of returning value to shareowners,'' Jeff Immelt, chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
p4277
aVGeneral Electric said yesterday that it had agreed to buy Interlogix Inc. for about $777 million in cash and stock, adding commercial and residential security equipment to its line of products. Interlogix shareholders will get $38.86 a share, a 35 percent premium, General Electric said. Interlogix, based in Austin, Tex., has about $600 million in sales a year. The company's video and integrated systems link security devices to a central control. General Electric, which is based in Fairfield, Conn., said the products would complement many of the components already made by its GE Industrial Systems unit, which makes power and factory controls. Separately, General Electric said it would cut 3,000 jobs at its GE Capital unit and will exit some financing businesses to reduce expenses.
p4278
aVNBC and Katie Couric, the anchor of its ''Today'' show, agreed yesterday to what is believed to be the largest financial deal ever signed in television news, reaching beyond $60 million for the next four and a half years. Executives close to the negotiations said that Ms. Couric would receive compensation of $15 million to $16 million a year, in a deal structured to include both salary and stock in NBC's parent company, General Electric. The new figure represents a big jump from the estimated $7 million to $10 million a year she had been earning. The deal's negotiations had been widely discussed in the media for weeks, most recently when The New York Post reported similar figures last week.
p4279
aVIn July, when Lawrence A. Bossidy came out of retirement to once again take the reins at Honeywell International, he was simply floored by the contrast between the company he had left in April 2000 and the one that welcomed him back. It seemed as though Honeywell's people, distracted and demoralized by the General Electric Company's ultimately unsuccessful attempt to acquire the company, had spent more of 2001 worrying -- and job hunting -- than they had cutting costs or integrating two disparate cultures. Earnings and the share price had plunged.
p4280
aVTRUST me. They are two of the most common -- and dangerous -- words on Wall Street.
p4281
aVGE Capital agreed yesterday to buy the Security Capital Group for $4 billion in cash and stock to gain real estate assets. GE Capital, a unit of General Electric will pay $2.9 billion in cash to Security Capital Class B shareholders and $1.1 billion of ProLogis Trust shares held by Security Capital, G.E. said. The transaction values Security Capital at $26 a share, a 26 percent premium over its closing price yesterday. The deal will give G.E. ownership of Storage USA, a self-storage property owner that this month agreed to be acquired by Security Capital, and interests in the Regency Centers and InterPark. G.E. will also acquire BelmontCorp, an owner of assisted living centers.
p4282
aVThe Xerox Corporation said yesterday that it had received $340 million in financing from GE Capital, secured by parts of the company's lease receivables. After Xerox closes the deal and repays $1.1 billion in debt that matured this quarter, its cash position will have increased to about $3.9 billion. The $340 million is in addition to $835 million that it received last month from GE Capital, with additional financing expected in February. Xerox, based in Stamford, Conn., has been seeking to reduce its debt load and return to profitability for more than a year. GE Capital, which is also based in Stamford, has also agreed to provide equipment financing for customers of Xerox. GE Capital is the financial services subsidiary of General Electric.
p4283
aVNBC said yesterday that it was buying KNTV of San Jose, Calif., for $230 million from the Granite Broadcasting Corporation, giving the network an owned-and-operated television station in the San Francisco Bay area. NBC programming has been broadcast in the area by San Francisco-based KRON, which was acquired by Young Broadcasting for $737 million in July 2000. Young later turned KRON into an independent channel after balking at NBC's terms for continued network affiliation. NBC is a unit of General Electric.
p4284
aVAccusing NBC of breach of contract, the Paxson Communications Corporation said yesterday that it would ask the government to block NBC's planned $2.7 billion acquisition of the Spanish-language television network Telemundo. NBC, a division of General Electric, bought 32 percent of Paxson in 1999 for $415 million and had an option to buy a controlling stake in the broadcaster within 10 years. But if NBC adds the Telemundo stations, it could not acquire Paxson under existing Federal Communications Commission regulations, Paxson contends. That would put Paxson's future in doubt.
p4285
aVINTERCHANGE FINANCIAL SERVICES, Saddle Brook, N.J., the holding company for Interchange Bank, has agreed to buy the closely held Monarch Capital, West Caldwell, N.J. Terms were not disclosed. BAYER, Leverkusen, Germany, said it had agreed to buy the operations of a rival Lyondell Chemical, Houston, a petrochemical manufacturer and petroleum refiner. Terms were not disclosed.
p4286
asS'199007'
p4287
(lp4288
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said yesterday that it had achieved record operating profit margins in the second quarter and that its net earnings rose to nearly $1.09 billion, a 12 percent increase from the $972 million of a year earlier.
p4289
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company, which was convicted in a jury trial in February of overcharging the Army for a battlefield computer system, agreed yesterday to pay one of the largest fines ever assessed for defrauding the Defense Department.
p4290
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co. (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1990 1989 Revenue 14,400,000,000 13,500,000,000 Net inc 1,088,000,000 972,000,000 Share earns 1.22 1.08 6mo rev 27,000,000,000 25,400,000,000 Net inc 2,038,000,000 1,821,000,000 Share earns 2.28 2.02
p4291
aVLEAD: The Ford Motor Company has received three bids for its aerospace subsidiary and may accept one within a week, a company spokesman, Thomas Rhoades, said. The bids were made by the Loral Corporation; a consortium including the Westinghouse Electric Corporation, the Carlyle Group, an investment firm, and Aerospatiale, the French aerospace company, and a joint offer by Alcatel N.V.
p4292
aVLEAD: One month before a deadline for financing a $4.38 billion acquisition of the UAL Corporation, the employee buyout group has enlisted the tentative financial support of five major banks, according to United's unions and bank officials. But none of the banks have signed agreements to provide loans, and several obstacles remain to be overcome before the Aug.
p4293
aVLEAD: GE Aircraft Engines, a unit of the General Electric Company, said Air Afrique had placed a $150 million order for its CF6-80C2 high-bypass turbofan engine for eight Airbus Industrie aircraft. GE Aircraft said Air Afrique, an African consortium, is the largest operator of GE CF6 engines in Africa. With this order, Air Afrique will introduce the first A310-300 aircraft into the regional market in 1991.
p4294
aVLEAD: The GE Capital Corporation, the financial services subsidiary of the General Electric Company, announced yesterday that it had acquired Burton Group Financial Services P.L.C. of Britain, which manages credit-card accounts and provides other services to retailers, for $329 million in cash. Burton Group
p4295
aVLEAD: The Ford Motor Company said today that a joint venture of the Loral Corporation and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. had been selected to acquire Ford's aerospace subsidiary, an important maker of satellites and missiles.
p4296
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Dynamics Corp. (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1990 1989 Sales 2,624,400,000 2,529,700,000 Net loss b240,000,000 c58,400,000 Share earns - 1.39 6mo sales 5,115,400,000 4,890,600,000 Net loss b116,300,000 c133,800,000 Share earns - 3.20
p4297
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company announced yesterday that it had created a form of diamond with an enhanced ability to transmit heat and light. Company spokesmen said it could lead to important advances in microchip design and new applications for lasers.
p4298
asS'200110'
p4299
(lp4300
VGeneral Electric Aircraft Engines said yesterday that it would cut up to 4,000 jobs, or 13 percent of its work force, by early next year because it expects the demand for engines to drop after the terrorist attacks. The company will cut up to 800 jobs from its Cincinnati offices and approximately 250 jobs in Lynn, Mass. The company, based in Evendale, Ohio, produces and services large and small jet engines for airlines, charter and leasing companies and military aircraft.
p4301
aVThe General Electric Company and Honeywell International said yesterday that they had terminated their merger agreement, three months after European regulators rejected the $41 billion deal. G.E. agreed to reimburse Honeywell for merger-related expenses and to extend two financing arrangements. G.E. also agreed to acquire two businesses from Honeywell with estimated sales of $35 million for undisclosed terms.
p4302
aVAs expected, Northwest Natural Gas said yesterday that it would buy Portland General Electric from the Enron Corporation for $1.55 billion in cash and $350 million in securities in a deal to combine the largest natural gas and electric utilities in Oregon. Northwest Natural said it expected to close the purchase late next year, pending approval by regulators and its shareholders. An undetermined number of jobs will be cut.
p4303
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings rose 3 percent over the same period last year, despite huge insurance losses related to the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Without those losses, which carved 4 cents a share off earnings, the increase would have been 16 percent. G.E. also vowed to generate double-digit earnings growth this year and next. Investors were pleased with the results and with G.E.'s announcement that its NBC unit would buy Telemundo Communications Group. G.E. shares rose $1.04, to $38.95.
p4304
aVContinuing its attempt to overturn the European Union's decision to block its acquisition of Honeywell International, the General Electric Company has hired an international cast of lawyers, including Cherie Booth, the wife of Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain. Ms. Booth is not known as an antitrust lawyer but made a reputation in employment law, even taking her husband's government to court over the issue of parental law. Her secretary said Ms. Booth could not comment because of client confidentiality.
p4305
aVA Luxembourg company, the Socit Europenne des Satellites S.A., will give the General Electric Company a larger stake in itself to pay for G.E.'s satellite unit after postponing a new public share sale. SES, which agreed to buy GE American Communications in March for $5 billion in cash and stock, will increase General Electric's holding in the merged entity, an SES spokesman, Yves Feltes, said. The company postponed the share sale because of declining markets.
p4306
aVEnron is planning to announce on Monday that it has agreed to sell Portland General Electric to another Oregon utility, Northwest Natural Gas, for about $1.9 billion in cash and stock, executives close to the deal said yesterday. The sale is part of Enron's effort to discard lower-margin utility businesses as it focuses on the more lucrative business of trading electricity and gas. The deal would consolidate the two gas and electricity providers in Portland.
p4307
aVGeneral Motors can no longer be confused with General Electric. G.M.'s planned sale of its Hughes Electronics unit marks the company's final retreat from a strategy of buying technology and engineering prowess in the hopes of bolstering its core car business.
p4308
aVThe General Electric Company's GE Capital, the largest nonbank financing company, won European Union permission to buy Chicago-based Heller Financial Inc., to expand its loan business. GE Capital agreed on July 30 to pay $5.3 billion for Heller, which lends to small and midsize businesses. Earlier this month, GE Capital said 93 percent of Heller voting shares had been tendered by the close of business Sept. 28. GE Capital has assets of more than $370 billion with customers in 47 countries. Heller Financial has nearly $20 billion in assets with clients in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America.
p4309
aVAde O. Ogunjobi, a college dropout who describes himself as an entrepreneur, wants to be the next great corporate raider. He may be just a joker. His Los Angeles-based company, Toks Inc., said yesterday that it planned to make tender offers for General Electric; AOL Time Warner; General Motors; the Hughes Electronics unit of G.M.; AT&T; AT&T Wireless; and Marriott International. The offers, which Toks valued at $2 trillion, were quickly declared a hoax by most of the companies. ''We're as mystified as anyone,'' said Toni Simonetti, a spokeswoman for General Motors. ''It seems pretty far out on the edge.''
p4310
asS'200111'
p4311
(lp4312
VEmerson Electric, a leading maker of power systems for telecommunications and computer networks, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell a heating-systems unit to JPMorgan Partners for $165 million. The unit, Chromalox, is based in Pittsburgh and makes heating systems, controls and parts used in industrial equipment. The business has about $150 million in annual sales, Emerson said. Christopher Behrens, general partner at JPMorgan Partners, said his firm would try to extend Chromalox internationally and would be more aggressive with acquisitions and new products. JPMorgan Partners is a unit of J. P. Morgan Chase.
p4313
aVThe rapid decline of the Enron Corporation has devastated its employees' retirement plan, which was heavy with company stock, and has infuriated workers, who were prohibited from changing their investments as the stock plunged. Through the 401(k) retirement plan, employees chose to put much of their savings in Enron shares, and the company made contributions in company stock as well. But around the time Enron disclosed serious financial problems last month, the company froze the assets in the plan because of an administrative change. For several weeks, as the stock lost much of its value, workers stood by helplessly as their retirement savings evaporated. They were not allowed to switch investments at all -- even though the plan had far less risky choices.
p4314
aVYOU think Jeffrey R. Immelt has a tough job, following Jack Welch as chairman of General Electric? Try being Joseph M. Hogan, who is following Mr. Immelt as chief executive of GE Medical Systems. Mr. Immelt does not have his predecessor looking over his shoulder. But Mr. Hogan reports to the very man who turned GE Medical Systems, once a lackluster group, into an $8.5 billion powerhouse. ''I view medical systems as a key business for future growth,'' Mr. Immelt said, ''and Joe knows that.''
p4315
aVHome Depot, the home improvement retailer based in Atlanta, said yesterday that it had named Robert L. Nardelli, its president and chief executive, to the additional post of chairman, effective Jan. 1. As chairman, Mr. Nardelli would replace Home Depot's co-founder, Bernie Marcus, who would continue on the board until May, when he reaches the mandatory retirement age of 72. Mr. Nardelli came to Home Depot in December after nearly 30 years at General Electric. Last week, Home Depot posted a 20 percent rise in third-quarter profit, which analysts credited to measures taken since Mr. Nardelli arrived.
p4316
aVGRIFFON CORP., Jericho, N.Y., a maker of electronics, garage doors and specialty plastic films, said its Telephonics unit had won a $13.5 million contract from the Air Force to upgrade detection and identification systems for Awacs, or airborne warning and control systems, planes. WALGREEN CO., Deerfield, Ill., the largest drugstore chain, said that General Electric had agreed to provide it with online purchasing and trading services linking Walgreen with its 3,000 suppliers through G.E.'s Global eXchange system. Terms were not disclosed.
p4317
aVThe board of Dynegy Inc. tentatively approved a deal last night to acquire the Enron Corporation, the once-mighty energy-trading company laid low by a financial crisis and government investigation, executives close to the transaction said. A deal would enable Dynegy to buy the much bigger Enron at a fire-sale price -- about $8 billion in stock, or roughly $10 a share, for a company that less than a year ago had a market value of nearly $70 billion. But with stock and bond investors fleeing, some of its trading partners refusing to do business with it, Enron had few choices but to talk to Dynegy.
p4318
aVTop executives of the Big Three automakers pledged anew in recent interviews to improve the fuel economy of their fleets of sport utility vehicles. But some of them are casting doubt on whether the goal set by Ford Motor last year -- a 25 percent improvement by 2005 -- can be met. Ford Motor pledged in the summer of 2000 to improve the fuel economy of its sport utilities by about 5 miles a gallon, from about 20 miles a gallon. That is well beyond federal standards, which have not been toughened significantly in more than a decade and require an automaker's fleet of sport utilities and other light trucks to average 20.7 miles a gallon. After Ford's move, General Motors and Chrysler responded not by specifying numerical goals of their own but rather by promising to match or beat Ford's gains.
p4319
aVFor years, the Enron Corporation used its political muscle to build the markets in which it thrived, pushing relentlessly on Capitol Hill and in bureaucratic backwaters to deregulate the nation's natural gas and electricity businesses. Its achievement, as one Enron executive said today, in creating a ''regulatory black hole'' fit nicely with what he called the company's ''core management philosophy, which was to be the first mover into a market and to make money in the initial chaos and lack of transparency.''
p4320
aVIn 1992, when Nicholas V. Scheele took the reins of the Ford Motor Company's recently acquired Jaguar luxury division, J. D. Power ranked the Jaguar's quality one notch above that of a Yugo. That's right, Yugo. The rickety car from the Balkans whose value doubled when you filled it with gas, according to one joke from the Yugo humor canon.
p4321
aVIt is another unhappy holiday season for Aaron M. Feuerstein, the widely admired New England mill owner whose textile company, Malden Mills, is again in crisis. After a December fire six years ago ravaged much of his factory in Lawrence, Mass., Mr. Feuerstein won plaudits for rebuilding the mill from top to bottom and for paying his idled workers for months. By the time the new factory -- which makes Polartec and Polarfleece, the warm, synthetic fabrics popular in outdoor clothing -- reopened nearly two years later, he had rehired most of his 2,700 employees. In an era of widespread corporate downsizing, his actions made Mr. Feuerstein a national icon of corporate sensitivity.
p4322
asS'197707'
p4323
(lp4324
sS'197108'
p4325
(lp4326
sS'197109'
p4327
(lp4328
sS'197104'
p4329
(lp4330
sS'197105'
p4331
(lp4332
sS'197106'
p4333
(lp4334
sS'197107'
p4335
(lp4336
sS'197101'
p4337
(lp4338
sS'197102'
p4339
(lp4340
sS'197103'
p4341
(lp4342
sS'198709'
p4343
(lp4344
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said it would cut 500 salaried jobs at its main jet engine-building plant through layoffs, voluntary resignations, attrition and retirement incentives. Company officials said the cuts were necessary - despite G.E.'s new production contracts - to reduce costs and enable G.E.
p4345
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company, one of the nation's largest makers of appliances, plans a $2 million to $4 million advertising campaign to support its new ''Monogram'' line of built-in appliances aimed at the custom kitchen market. This market represents just 2 percent of the total American appliance market of $16 billion, but Victor H.
p4346
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company has agreed to sell RCA Global Communications Inc., an international telex and data transmission business, to the MCI Communications Corporation.
p4347
aVLEAD: * Apollo Computer Inc., Chelmsford, Mass., and Ridge Computers, Santa Clara, Calif., said they had reached a joint marketing agreement that would offer Apollo workstations and Ridge RISC-based superminicomputers as an integrated network for technical professionals. Terms were not disclosed.
p4348
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*UNIVERSAL VOLTRONICS CORP (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Revenue 2,256,556 2,376,005 Net inc 62,244 309,246 Share earns .02 .11 Yr rev 7,881,840 9,209,786 Net inc 183,451 1,050,392 Share earns .07 .38
p4349
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*UNIVERSAL VOLTRONICS (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Revenue 2,256,556 2,376,005 Net inc 62,244 309,246 Share earns .02 .11 Yr rev 7,881,840 9,209,786 Net inc 183,451 1,050,392 Share earns .07 .38
p4350
aVLEAD: American Bankers Insurance Group Inc., Miami, an insurance holding company, said it had agreed to pay Home Savings Association of Texas $43 million to settle a breach-of-contract suit. In return, Home Savings will be responsible for further liability under a policy involved in the suit.
p4351
aVLEAD: The Walbro Corporation's board of directors reiterated its rejection of UIS Inc.'s unsolicited $27.25-a-share buyout offer and announced two steps designed to frustrate it.
p4352
aVLEAD: Ralph D. DeNunzio, a leading figure on Wall Street for two decades, resigned yesterday as chairman of Kidder, Peabody & Company.
p4353
aVLEAD: Elliot Goldman has resigned as president and chief executive of BMG Music, a large American record company that is owned by Bertelsmann A.G. of West Germany.
p4354
asS'196409'
p4355
(lp4356
sS'198703'
p4357
(lp4358
VLEAD: The General Dynamics Corporation vaulted into first place last year as the nation's largest military contractor, winning contracts valued at $8 billion, the Pentagon said today.
p4359
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said yesterday that it would offer an unconditional return or refund for any major G.E. appliance the customer wishes to return within 90 days after purchase, becoming the first appliance producer to make such an offer.
p4360
aVLEAD: The American Motors Corporation said that its auditors had questioned its 1986 financial report because of a dispute with the Emerson Electric Company over work performed under a $1.2 billion military contract. Analysts said the award was unlikely to pose an obstacle to the Chrysler Corporation's acquisition of A.M
p4361
aVLEAD: The Walt Disney Company said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire KHJ-TV, the independent television station in Los Angeles owned by RKO General Inc., a subsidiary of Gencorp Inc.
p4362
aVLEAD: Airbus Industrie said yesterday that All Nippon Airways had agreed to buy 10 Airbus A320-200 aircraft, with an option for 10 more. The order could be worth about $1 billion if the options are exercised.
p4363
aVLEAD: The Great Western Financial Corporation said it had agreed to sell the John Alden Life Insurance Company and affiliated operations to a group of the unit's managers for $280 million. The management group, led by Glendon E. Johnson, John Alden's president, has obtained a commitment letter from the General Electric Credit Corporation to finance the deal.
p4364
aVLEAD: Executives of Air Atlanta, a small, three-year-old airline catering to business travelers, met today with its investors in New York in an attempt to stave off bankruptcy.
p4365
aVLEAD: American Airlines is expected to announce today that it is buying 40 wide-bodied aircraft - 25 from Airbus Industrie and 15 from the Boeing Company - and 80 engines from the General Electric Company to power the aircraft.
p4366
aVLEAD: The Justice Department is reviving a stalled criminal investigation into the General Dynamics Corporation by granting immunity from prosecution to a company official and a retired executive, department sources confirmed today.
p4367
aVLEAD: The Haft family of Washington, which made nearly $160 million last year in an unsuccessful attempt to take over Safeway Stores, yesterday offered to buy the Supermarkets General Corporation for $1.6 billion in cash.
p4368
asS'198702'
p4369
(lp4370
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said its board had voted to recommend a two-for-one split of its common stock and an increase in the number of authorized common and preferred shares, subject to approval of the shareholders at the annual meeting April 22. The company, which has 457.1 million shares outstanding, said its board also declared an cash dividend of 63 cents a share, payable April 25 to holders of record March 6.
p4371
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company is going modern by taking some curlicues out of its famous symbol and shortening its name to G.E. in its dealings with the public. The company, ranked as the world's third largest, in terms of its market value at midyear 1986, will still be known formally as the General Electric
p4372
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said today that it would begin to make midsize color television sets at a plant in Bloomington, Ind. The sets were previously made overseas.
p4373
aVLEAD: Johnson & Johnson said that unexpected costs from the sale of its diagnostic imaging business, which was completed last August, would result in an additional $45 million after-tax charge against fourth-quarter earnings, to be reported next week.
p4374
aVLEAD: SHARES of the General Electric Company took a bumpy ride last week, first hitting a record high of $103.75 and then finishing at $101 for a net loss of $2.50. The sudden downturn reflected investor concern that G.E. might face liabilities stemming from its 80 percent ownership of Kidder, Peabody &
p4375
aVLEAD: The Commonwealth Edison Company, the nation's largest nuclear utility, has proposed raising electricity rates 9.6 percent this year, then freezing rates for five years. Gov. James R. Thompson and Illinois's Attorney General, Neil Hartigan, endorsed the plan, which would bring in about $660 million in additional revenue a year.
p4376
aVLEAD: Armed with new technology and eager to shorten supply lines, some American manufacturers have started to bring overseas operations home or switch from foreign to domestic suppliers. The homeward move has been augmented by the fall of the dollar against foreign currencies, notably the Japanese yen.
p4377
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*CANADIAN GENERAL ELECTRIC CO LTD Qtr to Dec 31 1986 1985 Sales 513,189,000 442,841,000 Net inc b17,912,000 25,369,000 Share earns 2.19 3.10 Yr sales 1,642,350,000 1,493,718,000 Net inc 56,292,000 53,065,000 Share earns 6.88 6.49
p4378
aVLEAD: IN many corporate takeovers, fears arise that the new owner, in its quest for growth, will disrupt traditions that have brought success in the past. Those fears are particularly acute on Wall Street, where private investment banking firms have long been the masters of their own course.
p4379
aVLEAD: Corporations have given almost everything imaginable to nonprofit groups at one time or another. Now an internationally famous research center can be added to the list.
p4380
asS'198701'
p4381
(lp4382
VLEAD: The General Electric Company will lay off about 1,400 of its 12,000 employees in Lynn this year, with about 1,000 of the layoffs coming as a result of increased competition and reduced demand for the jet fighter engines it makes, a spokesman, William Kennedy, said.
p4383
aVLEAD: Cutbacks by the automotive industry have caused the General Electric Company to close its robotics plant in this central Florida community, putting 118 employees out of work. ''The market has been very poor in robotics,'' Jack Batty, a company spokesman, said.
p4384
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company, responding to shrinking demand for steam turbines, said yesterday that it would lay off more than 3,000 workers at turbine and generator plants in Lynn, Mass., and Schenectady, N.Y., and consolidate operations.
p4385
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company, buoyed by the acquisition of the RCA Corporation, reported yesterday that its fourth-quarter earnings rose 14.4 percent on a 40.5 percent increase in sales.
p4386
aVLEAD: The Portland General Electric Company said it had established a reserve to write down its investment in the Washington Public Power Supply System's Nuclear Project No. 3. The reserve will result in an after-tax earnings reduction of $1.64 a common share in 1986 for the Portland General Corporation, which has 46.1 million common shares outstanding.
p4387
aVLEAD: THE General Electric Company and the General Motors Corporation routinely racked up big profits from their locomotive divisions during the late 1970's. But G. E., which straggled with 25 percent of the domestic market, wanted more.
p4388
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*GENERAL ELECTRIC CO (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1986 1985 Sales 12,270,000,000 8,730,000,000 Net inc 730,000,000 638,000,000 Share earns 1.60 1.40 Yr sales 35,210,000,000 28,290,000,000 Net inc 2,490,000,000 2,280,000,000 Share earns 5.46 5.00
p4389
aVLEAD: The Matsushita Electric Industrial Company, the big Japanese consumer electronics manufacturer, said yesterday that it would stop supplying color television sets to the General Electric Company.
p4390
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*SAN DIEGO GENERAL & ELECTRIC CO (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1986 1985 Revenue 407,408,000 454,797,000 Net inc b1,074,000 59,068,000 Share earns .83 .95 Yr rev 1,632,681,000 1,738,702,000 Net inc 213,196,000 202,722,000 Share earns 3.42 3.25
p4391
aVLEAD: The Westinghouse Electric Corporation said yesterday that it intends to end its agreement to acquire Gencorp's independent television station, KHJ-TV, in Los Angeles.
p4392
asS'196401'
p4393
(lp4394
sS'198707'
p4395
(lp4396
VLEAD: The General Electric Company announced yesterday that earnings in the second quarter rose 15.9 percent on a 22.7 percent rise in revenues.
p4397
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company, bowing to unrelenting Japanese competition, said yesterday that it was selling its $3 billion-a-year consumer electronics business to Thomson S.A., France's Government-owned electronics giant.
p4398
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said today that Airbus Industrie, the European aircraft manufacturer, had ordered more than $2 billion in aircraft engines from G.E. and CFM International, G.E.'s joint venture with Snecma of France.
p4399
aVLEAD: Rolls-Royce P.L.C. and the General Electric Company received orders to supply engines to the Australian airline Qantas for its new long-range Boeing 747 aircraft. The British jet-engine maker said the airline had ordered four of the American-built Boeing 747-400's with Rolls-Royce RB211-524D4D engines and has options on a further 15.
p4400
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*GENERAL ELECTRIC INC (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Sales 9,560,000,000 7,790,000,000 Net inc 720,000,000 621,000,000 Share earns .79 .68 6mo sales 17,880,000,000 13,670,000,000 Net inc 1,344,000,000 1,158,000,000 Share earns 1.47 1.27
p4401
aVLEAD: In its huge trade of businesses with Thomson S.A. of France, the General Electric Company seems to be getting the better end of the deal. On the surface, it appears to be exchanging its low-growth, low-margin consumer electronics business for a bigger piece of a much more alluring high-technology business: medical imaging.
p4402
aVLEAD: Since taking the helm of the Thomson Group five years ago, Alain Gomez has been dramatically reorganizing France's largest electronics company, determined to turn Thomson into a power capable of taking on the Japanese and other East Asian competitors.
p4403
aVLEAD: At the Third Base Lounge, down the road from the General Electric Company's television assembly plant, the conversation between gulps of beer is about the recent buyout of the plant by a European electronics giant.
p4404
aVLEAD: * Beneficial Corp., Wilmington, Del., said it had completed the previously announced sale of its Western National Life Insurance Co. to Conseco Inc. for $261 million.
p4405
aVLEAD: The Corning Glass Works, whose stock has risen sharply, said it was not interested in being acquired. In reponse to questions about the stock's activity, a spokesman for Corning said there had been rumors in the market that the General Electric Company was interested in the specialty materials company.
p4406
asS'198706'
p4407
(lp4408
VLEAD: A new assembly line to produce General Electric brand television sets at the Bloomington RCA plant has begun operation. The new assembly line follows a decision in February to move production of 500,000 G.E. brand color television sets to the Bloomington plant from Japan. The company said the plant's RCA brand production schedule had not been affected by the decision to assemble the G.E.
p4409
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company said it planned to lay off about 500 production employees, as well as several hundred salaried workers, next year at its aircraft engine plants here and in Everett, Mass. It pointed to the Navy's decision to switch much of its F404 engine manufacturing to the Pratt & Whitney division of United Technologies.
p4410
aVLEAD: The General Electric Credit Corporation is offering $100 million of 8 percent notes due in 1990 at a price of 99.80 to yield 8.076 percent through Bear, Stearns & Company.
p4411
aVLEAD: Alitalia, the Italian airline, has placed a $250 million order with the General Electric Company to make engines for its new jets, the company said today. Jack Batty, a G.E. spokesman, said that Alitalia ordered six engines and had taken options on four more. If it buys all 10 engines, the order will be valued at more than $250 million, he said.
p4412
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company will apply soon to list its common stock on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, a company spokesman said Friday. The Nomura Securities Company and the Daiwa Securities Company have been chosen as G.E.'s sponsors, the spokesman said.
p4413
aVLEAD: The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is re-examining documents of the General Electric Company that raised questions about the safety and design quality of some of the company's nuclear plants.
p4414
aVLEAD: In a step that broadens the scope of the Wall Street scandals, Kidder, Peabody & Company agreed yesterday to pay a record $25.3 million to settle insider-trading charges.
p4415
aVLEAD: Airbus Industrie, the four-nation European aircraft group, formally announced today that it would develop and build its A340, which is a long-range plane with four engines, and its A330, a medium-range plane with two engines.
p4416
aVLEAD: The Pentagon has selected two teams of contractors to pursue research and demonstration work on one of the most important elements of the proposed ''Star Wars'' antimissile system - the use of orbiting ''killer'' rockets.
p4417
aVLEAD: * General Electric Co. said its two microelectronics centers, now in Research Triangle Park, N.C., and Somerville, N.J., would be consolidated at the Research Triangle Park site, with 20 to 40 of the 250 Somerville employees transferred there.
p4418
asS'198705'
p4419
(lp4420
VLEAD: The General Electric Company said it had been selected by the Tokyo Electric Power Company to supply the nuclear boiler systems, initial nuclear fuel and turbine-generators for two new nuclear power stations. Tokyo Electric estimated the cost of the stations, which would be built on the Sea of Japan northwest of Tokyo, at 692 billion yen, or nearly $5 billion at current exchange rates.
p4421
aVLEAD: After considering a list of candidates to head the Kidder, Peabody Group Inc., the General Electric Company, its parent, made a seemingly strange choice by selecting Silas S. Cathcart, a 61-year-old Illinois industrialist who has never worked on Wall Street.
p4422
aVLEAD: After 20 years as head of one of Wall Street's most prominent investment banking houses, Ralph D. DeNunzio is stepping down as chief executive of the Kidder, Peabody Group Inc. His resignation is part of a management shake-up announced yesterday as the General Electric Company moved to assert control over the firm it bought last year.
p4423
aVLEAD: Northwest Airlines said it would buy up to 325 airplane engines from a joint venture between the General Electric Company and a French company, the Societe Nationale d'Etude et de Construction de Moteurs d'Aviation, for about $1.25 billion. Northwest, which is based in Minneapolis, said that the General Electric group beat out a consortium involving Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce P.L
p4424
aVLEAD: Two major corporations yesterday announced the selection of general counsels. The Union Carbide Corporation, heavily involved in litigation relating to its plant accident in India, promoted Joseph E. Geoghan from its ranks, and the General Electric Company reached outside for a prominent Washington lawyer, Benjamin W.
p4425
aVLEAD: The Lockheed Corporation's stock jumped sharply today in heavy trading. Wall Street analysts said there was speculation that the General Electric Company, the Ford Motor Company or the Chrysler Corporation would make a bid to acquire Lockheed, a major military and aerospace contractor. All four companies declined to comment.
p4426
aVLEAD: The First Boston Corporation said yesterday that it had named Robert J. Conrads a managing director and co-head of its technology group. Mr. Conrads held a similar investment banking job at Kidder, Peabody & Company, and his leaving has been interpreted on Wall Street as the first of several possible defections from Kidder.
p4427
aVLEAD: The defense attorneys for three Wall Street professionals charged with insider trading yesterday attacked the Government's efforts to seek a delay in the case. In court documents, they accused the United States Attorney of misconduct.
p4428
aVLEAD: The car maker Fiat S.p.A. and another Italian concern are close to forming a joint venture that could make Italy a competitive international force in telecommunications. The venture would be between Telettra, a subsidiary of Fiat, and the state-owned telecommunications group Italtel. To be called Telit S.p.A., it would quickly seek an alliance with larger companies, Milan analysts said.
p4429
aVLEAD: The Justice Department said today that it was closing its three-year fraud inquiry into the General Dynamics Corporation because there was insufficient evidence to obtain a successful prosecution.
p4430
asS'198704'
p4431
(lp4432
VLEAD: The General Electric Company yesterday reported a 16 percent increase in first-quarter earnings, a reflection of the company's recent acquisition of the RCA Corporation and its subsidiary, the top-rated NBC television network.
p4433
aVLEAD: The General Electric Company's chairman, John F. Welch Jr., said the giant manufacturing and services concern would make another major acquisition if it found a target as attractive as the RCA Corporation, which was bought last year. ''Acquisition is clearly an acceptable route toward accelerated growth and, should another opportunity of the quality of the RCA merger present itself, we will move decisively,'' Mr.
p4434
aVLEAD: Philips Gloeilampen Fabrieken N.V., the Dutch electronics giant, said it was talking with the General Electric Company about a cooperative agreement between its medical unit and G.E.C.'s medical subsidiary, Picker International Inc.
p4435
aVLEAD: Philips Gloeilampen Fabrieken N.V., the largest electronics company in Europe, and the General Electric Company P.L.C. will merge their medical units, Philips said, creating the second-largest medical technology company in the United States. The 50-50 joint venture between G.E.C.'s Cleveland-based Picker International subsidiary and Philips, whose medical revenues come mostly from
p4436
aVLEAD: Both Airbus Industries and the Boeing Company turned to the General Electric Company for engines to power future airliners after International Aero Engines decided to delay the introduction of its V2500 Superfan engine. Airbus had wanted to use the
p4437
aVLEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*GENERAL ELECTRIC INC (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1987 1986 Sales 8,320,000,000 5,880,000,000 Net inc 624,000,000 537,000,000 Share earns 1.37 1.18 The company said the year-ago first quarter results do not include the June 1986 acquisition of RCA Corp.
p4438
aVLEAD: Air Atlanta, the three-year-old airline that was the brainchild of a black businessman, Michael R. Hollis, filed for protection from its creditors today under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code. All of its flights were grounded immediately, and its workers were laid off.
p4439
aVLEAD: Sheldon R. Erikson is preparing to take over tomorrow as president and chief executive of the Western Company of North America, an oilfield services concern that has not had a profitable quarter since the end of 1982.
p4440
aVLEAD: Canadian Airlines International has agreed to buy six advanced-technology Boeing 767-300ER airplanes and take options on eight additional planes for more than $1.6 billion, the company said. The extended-range plane has a fuselage 21 feet longer than the 767-200 version, which went into service in late 1982, and a range of 6,600 miles, with increased passenger capacity and cargo room.
p4441
aVLEAD: Executives of Kidder, Peabody & Company and its parent, the General Electric Company, have decided that they would be willing to settle civil insider trading charges with the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to several people familiar with the company and the Government's investigation.
p4442
asS'199406'
p4443
(lp4444
VKidder, Peabody & Company has received $550 million in new capital since April to bolster its finances, Tony Zehnder, a spokesman at Kidder, said yesterday. The 129-year-old securities firm received $200 million from the finance unit of the General Electric Company, its parent company, Mr. Zehnder said. It also received $350 million from its holding company, Kidder, Peabody Group Inc., which borrowed the money from banks, he said.
p4445
aVThe General Motors Corporation started a test-drive pro- gram yesterday for its Impact electric car, intending to research consumers' habits and needs for such cars. Participants must drive about 35 miles a day, have off-street parking, and have homes that can be wired to support a 220-volt charging system. Eighty Los Angeles-area motorists will use Impacts as their main transportation for either two weeks or four weeks during the next six months. In all, more than 1,000 motorists will test-drive the Impact in the next two years in 12 cities, including Phoenix; San Diego, San Francisco and Sacramento, Calif.; Hartford; Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Atlanta; New York; Harrisburg, Pa.; Houston, and Washington.
p4446
aVGeneral Magic Inc., a software company whose investors include Apple Computer Inc., the AT&T Corporation, the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company and Motorola Inc., has postponed its initial public stock offering for several months, The San Francisco Chronicle reported yesterday. General Magic, based in Mountain View, Calif., had planned to raise $36 million to $45 million by selling three million shares this month, the newspaper said. The company was said to have decided to postpone the offering because it was behind schedule finishing its software.
p4447
aVThe General Electric Company said yesterday that it had placed in review the media planning and buying portion of its account, now handled by 33 agencies, in order to consolidate those duties at a single shop. The review involves more than 30 company activities, including the corporate, appliances, lighting and financial services divisions, but not NBC. Though G.E. would not discuss billings, Advertising Age estimated them at potentially as much as $50 million.
p4448
aVThe General Electric Company on Friday denied assertions that it suppressed test results showing 7,000 military and commercial jet engines -- including those on Air Force One -- had dangerous electrical flaws. The Government has intervened in a $100 million lawsuit that was unsealed on Thursday. The Justice Department said the potential flaws could cause fires or loss of power.
p4449
aVHarcourt General Inc. agreed yesterday to sell its life insurance business for $400 million in cash to the GE Capital Corporation, the General Electric Company's financial subsidiary. The units to be sold include the Federal Home Life Insurance Company, the PHF Life Insurance Company and the Harvest Life Insurance Company. The sale will produce a pretax profit for Harcourt of about $12 million, and the proceeds will be used for acquisitions in Harcourt's core businesses. Harcourt owns Harcourt Brace & Company, a book publisher, and it owns 66 percent of the Nieman Marcus Group, a retailing company. The businesses to be sold produced $550 million of revenues last year, about 15 percent of Harcourt's total, and nearly 20 percent of Harcourt's $361.6 million of operating profits. The sale was announced after Harcourt's stock closed at $35.125, down 75 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
p4450
aVThe General Electric Company signed a definitive agreement yesterday to buy the satellite communications network of the GTE Corporation. Terms of the agreement were not disclosed.
p4451
aVThe directors of the Kemper Corporation voted unanimously Sunday evening to accept a $3.2 billion purchase offer made Thursday by Conseco Inc., a life insurance company based in Carmel, Ind. The agreement calls for holders of each Kemper share to collect $56 in cash and $11 worth of Conseco common stock. That offer exceeded an earlier $60-a-share cash offer by the General Electric Company, whose bid caused Kemper to put itself up for sale. G.E. withdrew its offer after the Conseco bid.
p4452
aVConseco Inc., an upstart life insurer, challenged the General Electric Company to a bidding war for the Kemper Corporation yesterday, but General Electric decided to retreat from the field. Conseco offered yesterday morning to buy Kemper for $67 a share in cash and stock, or about $3.2 billion, topping General Electric's all-cash offer of $60 a share. By midafternoon, General Electric had withdrawn its bid, giving no reason for the move.
p4453
aVIn an effort to restore the shine to Kidder, Peabody & Company's tarnished image, General Electric yesterday replaced Michael A. Carpenter, Kidder's chief executive, with two senior executives from G.E. John F. Welch Jr., chairman of G.E., said the decision to replace Mr. Carpenter, a close friend, was not the result of any findings in its continuing investigation into a Treasury bond trading scandal at Kidder involving Joseph Jett, a former top trader at the firm. Instead, he said, the change was needed to rebut the perception in the financial markets that the episode with Mr. Jett and Kidder's recent losses in mortgage securities were raising questions about Kidder's future.
p4454
asS'201108'
p4455
(lp4456
VAt least 25 top United States companies paid more to their chief executives in 2010 than they did to the federal government in taxes, according to a study released on Wednesday. The companies -- which include household names like eBay, Boeing, General Electric and Verizon -- averaged $1.9 billion each in profits, according to the study by the Institute for Policy Studies, a liberal-leaning research group. But a variety of shelters, loopholes and tax reduction strategies allowed the companies to average more than $400 million each in tax benefits -- which can be taken as a refund or used as write-off against earnings in future years.
p4457
aVDo the former directors of the institutions that collapsed during the financial crisis have anything to worry about? If the experience of Enron is any example, the answer is a resounding no. A look back at the career paths of onetime Enron directors indicates that the former directors of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers will continue their prominent careers.
p4458
aVDo the former directors of the institutions that collapsed during the financial crisis have anything to worry about? If the experience of Enron is any example, the answer is a resounding no. A look back at the career paths of onetime Enron directors indicates that the former directors of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers will continue their prominent careers.
p4459
aVLOS ANGELES - General Electric just can't stay away from the movies. Barely eight months after ceding control of NBC Universal and its Universal Studios to Comcast, G.E. is diving into the documentary world as the financial backer of 30 three-minute films by directors including Morgan Spurlock (''POM Wonderful Presents: The Greatest Movie Ever Sold''), Joe Berlinger (''Crude''), Barbara Kopple (''Shut Up and Sing'') and Alex Gibney (''Magic Trip: Ken Kesey's Search for a Kool Place''). The idea is to join Cinelan, a publisher of videos that tell stories within three minutes or less, in generating very short movies about world-changing innovation, through a project that has yet to be titled, according to both Mr. Spurlock and Karol Martesko-Fenster, a Cinelan founding director.
p4460
aVThe financial crisis has been good to Warren E. Buffett. The billionaire investor snatched up shares of Goldman Sachs and General Electric during some of the darkest days of 2008, injecting life and funds into the companies and turning a handsome profit later. On Goldman alone, Mr. Buffett netted $1.7 billion.
p4461
aVTHEY are the new tastemakers of Web investing, the supposed seers of Bubble-Tech 2.0. And despite the stock market's recent craziness, they are almost as hot as some of the stocks they cover. Long after star analysts of the dot-com era self-destructed, along with Pets.com and its sock puppet, a new generation of Wall Street researchers is grabbing attention - and a lot of money.
p4462
asS'201109'
p4463
(lp4464
VHOBOKEN, Belgium -- With fleets of electric cars starting to hit the roads, the next mother lode for salvage companies is expected to be the expensive, newfangled batteries powering them. Yet even as automakers extol the ways these cars can benefit the environment, they are divided over how best to handle the refuse: recycle or repurpose.
p4465
aVHOBOKEN, BELGIUM -- With fleets of electric cars starting to hit the roads, the next big mother lode for salvage companies is expected to be the expensive, newfangled batteries powering them. Yet even as automakers vaunt the ways these cars can benefit the environment, they are divided over how best to handle the refuse: recycle or repurpose.
p4466
aVHOBOKEN, BELGIUM -- With fleets of electric cars starting to hit the roads, the next big mother lode for salvage companies is expected to be the expensive, newfangled batteries powering them. Yet even as automakers vaunt the ways these cars can benefit the environment, they are divided over how best to handle the refuse: recycle or repurpose.
p4467
aV8:31 p.m. | Updated Warren E. Buffett continues to collect benefits from the financial crisis.
p4468
aVSAN FRANCISCO -- Carol A. Bartz, Yahoo's chief executive, was fired Tuesday, ending a rocky two-year tenure in which she tried to revitalize the online media company. She went out with the same outspoken style she used while running the company. In an e-mail she sent to employees from her iPad, titled ''Goodbye,'' Ms. Bartz wrote: ''I am very sad to tell you that I've just been fired over the phone by Yahoo's chairman of the board.'' Ms. Bartz was informed of the board's decision while she was traveling to New York from Maine, according to a person familiar with the board's action.
p4469
aVBEIJING -- In the name of fighting pollution, China has sent the price of compact fluorescent light bulbs soaring in the United States. By closing or nationalizing dozens of the producers of rare earth metals -- which are used in energy-efficient bulbs and many other green-energy products -- China is temporarily shutting down most of the industry and crimping the global supply of the vital resources.
p4470
asS'196312'
p4471
(lp4472
sS'196310'
p4473
(lp4474
sS'196311'
p4475
(lp4476
sS'197210'
p4477
(lp4478
sS'197211'
p4479
(lp4480
sS'197212'
p4481
(lp4482
sS'201103'
p4483
(lp4484
V6:18 p.m. | Updated General Electric announced on Tuesday that it planned to spend $3.2 billion for a 90 percent stake in Converteam, a company based in Massy, France, that specializes in high-efficiency electric power conversion components like motors, generators, drives and automation controls.
p4485
aVPARIS - The French economy is popularly viewed as sclerotic and sheltered, but government data released Monday - as well as the testimony of a number of global chief executives - suggest the opposite. Italians, though, might beg to differ.
p4486
aV6:38 p.m. | Updated AT&T's deal to buy T-Mobile USA for $39 billion is shaping up to be a heated regulatory battle.
p4487
aVHarry Campbell Directors can be trouble. Just ask Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley. The Securities and Exchange Commissionhas accused a former Goldman Sachs board member, Rajat K. Gupta, of facilitating insider trading while he was on the Goldman board. A current Morgan Stanley director, Howard Davies, has resigned as head of the London School of Economics because of his dealings with Libya.
p4488
as.