(lp0
S"Apple Inc. Stock Price Target Boosted For Services But Don't Buy Yet ValueWalk - 16 hours ago The company's services segment is starting to get more and more attention, especially since management highlighted it on the last earnings call.Sorry, RBC. Apple Inc.  Stock Is a Short Now. - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Positive on Apple ... - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS"Apple, Google, Facebook skip legal challenge to new travel ban Reuters - 7 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc, Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc are among more than 60 technology companies that appear to have backed away from the legal fight against U.S."
p2
aS'Apple Inc.  Success Hinges Upon China, Micron Technology, Inc. (MU ... Smarter Analyst - 19 hours ago If Apple Inc.  can strengthen its China weakness after four back-to-back years of capturing record market share in the rest of the globe and should strong price trends continue to be an asset to Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU ...'
p3
aS'Battle of Dividends: Apple, Inc. vs Microsoft Motley Fool - Mar 15, 2017 Even tech stocks can sometimes be solid dividend stocks for income investors. And two of the best dividend stocks in the tech sector are undoubtedly Apple  and Microsoft . But which of these two dividend-paying tech&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Apple Inc.  Might Launch Three New iPads Next Week Market Exclusive - 13 hours ago It might come without a Home button. The new 12.9-inch iPad Pro is rumored to feature a 12-megapixel rear camera and True Tone display.Wednesday Apple Rumors: AAPL May Announce iPad Pro 2 Next Week - Investorplace.com'
p5
aS'What Will Apple Inc.  Show Off in Its April Event? Investorplace.com - 20 hours ago The company is expected to also ship a replacement for the iPad Air 2, its full-sized consumer tablet that was released in 2014.Apple Inc.  to Release Its iPad pro Models by next Month - Smrt Stck NwsSources: Apple Inc. Will Unveil Multiple New Products Next Week - StockNews.com '
p6
aS'Apple Inc. Has A Secret iPhone Calibration Machine ValueWalk - 19 hours ago Apple undoubtedly places customer satisfaction and innovation as top priorities, and the fact that it offers great repairs takes customer satisfaction to a whole new level.'
p7
aS"How Apple Inc. Can Keep the Premium iPhone a Step Ahead Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 Given that Apple reported that the iPhone 7 Plus is proving to be the company's best &quot;Plus&quot; model ever in terms of mix within the company's iPhone 7-series shipments, it's probably reasonable to assume that potential customers are willing to pay more ...Latest Apple Inc.  News: iPhone 8 Demand Looks to Be Huge - Yahoo FinanceCredit Suisse Lifts Price Target on Apple Inc. , Says Hold Your Horses ... - Smarter Analyst"
p8
aS"Apple Inc. Building Graphics Chip Team in the UK Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 What I suspect Apple is doing is building a parallel graphics processor team to the one that it already has in place. If that hypothesis is correct, it'll mean that the company will gain the ability to work on multiple graphics processors in a &quot;leap ..."
p9
aS'Apple Inc.  Found Guilty of iPhone Price-Fixing in Russia Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 FAS head Andrey Tsarikovsky said that Apple Inc.  has actively cooperated with the agency to resolve wrongdoings.Apple found guilty of price-fixing in Russia over iPhone prices - Financial TimesApple illegally fixed prices of iPhones in Russia, investigation finds - Ars Technica'
p10
a.