(lp0
S'ABMC Launches New Rapid Drug Test for K2 Business Wire  - Dec 29, 2015 KINDERHOOK, N.Y.----American Bio Medica Corporation  announced today that they have completed the research and development of a new rapid urine drug test that will detect compounds found in synthetic marijuana;&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Ambac Financial Group Inc. MarketWatch - May 12, 2013 This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe. 3:23 p.m. Jan. 28, 2017. - Philip van Doorn. Ambac Financial downgraded to ..... Not-so-mobile America: What Honolulu and Detroit residents have in common &middot; View More &middot; Moneyish&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Drug test manufacturer seeking FDA approval for new product Albany Business Review  - Apr 7, 2015 American Bio Medica Corp. is seeking federal approval for a drug testing product the Kinderhook-based company would market to the criminal justice industry.'
p3
aS"Angion Biomedica Corp.'s Phase 2 GUARD Clinical Trial of BB3 in Acute Kidney ... Yahoo Finance - Jan 31, 2017 Angion Biomedica Corp. announced today that its Phase 2 GUARD clinical trial  using investigational drug BB3 in patients at risk for acute kidney injury  was underway with the first patient being dosed."
p4
aS'Angion Biomedica to Present Clinical and Preclinical Data at the Upcoming ... Business Wire  - Nov 2, 2015 UNIONDALE, N.Y.----Angion Biomedica Corp. announced today that it will present Phase 2 data from one clinical program and three preclinical programs at the American Society of Nephrology Kidney Week, November 3-8, 2015 in San&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Angion Biomedica Corp. Advances BB3 into Pivotal Phase 3 Clinical Trial in ... Business Wire  - May 14, 2015 UNIONDALE, N.Y.----Angion Biomedica Corp. announced today that it plans to commence enrollment of a Phase 3 clinical trial using its investigational drug BB3 to treat delayed graft function  in kidney transplant recipients.'
p6
aS'Immunoassay Markets: Global Analysis and Opportunity Evaluation 2016 - 2020 PR Newswire  - Jan 24, 2017 ... Access Bio, AccuBioTech, Accutech, ACON Laboratories, Aesku Diagnostics, Akers Biosciences, Akrivis Technologies, Alere, Alfa Scientific Designs, ALPCO, Alverix , Amedica Biotech, American Bio Medica Corp, AmniSure , Ani Biotech Oy,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Kinderhook Bank Corp. Appoints Carl A. Florio to Board of Directors Business Wire  - Aug 26, 2016 Florio is currently a Director of American Bio Medica Corporation and is a board member of the Hudson River Bank &amp; Trust Foundation, State University of New York at Albany Foundation, Columbia Children's Center, and AAA Hudson Valley."
p8
aS'High-Growth Diagnostic Testing Markets Report - 2016 Edition - Research and ... Business Wire  - Jan 22, 2016 There will be a steady increase in demand for new diagnostic testing services in the next five-year period, along with pressures to improve the quality of healthcare delivered in the clinic and also to lower its costs.'
p9
aS'UK STOCKS-Factors to watch on March 16 Reuters UK - 3 hours ago ANGLO AMERICAN: Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal said on Wednesday he would buy a stake of up to 2 billion pounds  in Anglo American but had no intention of trying to take control of the global miner. * GKN: Automotive and aerospace group ...'
p10
a.