(lp0
S"ACADIA Pharma Looks Like A Take-Out Target Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 But one company in particular has this San Diegan very interested. The company I'm talking about is ACADIA Pharmaceuticals , and in a field of speculative, pre-FDA-approval pharma companies, ACADIA has potential few others possess."
p1
aS"Don't Be So Sure ACADIA Wants To Sell Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 I have owned for myself and the Clients of Mott Capital Management, LLC shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals  for well over two years now.ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  Has A Problem With Nuplazid - BNL Finance   The Needham &amp; Company LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals ... - DailyQuint"
p2
aS"Caution: Acadia Pharmaceuticals Is Overvalued Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 ... are on the sidelines considering buying in. If you're in the latter camp, take caution: Acadia Pharmaceuticals' dramatic rise is based on controversial phase 2 data, and a lot would have to go right for the company to maintain its current premium ...ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 14 - Equities.comPrice Bump From M&amp;A Rumors Earns Acadia A Vetr Downgrade - Benzinga"
p3
aS'Earnings Reaction History: ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc, 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p4
aS'ACADIA: A Buyout Remains Most Likely Scenario Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals has surged ahead some 80% over the past year thanks to the FDA approval of Nuplazid, the first drug to be approved for the psychosis associated with Parkinsons.'
p5
aS'Iceberg Ahead With Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  Weak Guidance ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 1, 2017 Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  has Canaccord worried after releasing 2017 financial guidance yesterday morning that came up short of already subdued expectations.'
p6
aS"ACADIA Pharma  Q4 Earnings: What's in Store this Time? Zacks.com - Feb 23, 2017 The company's track record is dismal. ACADIA has missed estimates in all the trailing four quarters, bringing the average negative earnings surprise to 19.07%."
p7
aS'ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Reports Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines to address unmet medical needs in central nervous system  disorders, today announced its financial&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'ACADIA Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 17, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines that address unmet medical needs in central nervous system disorders, today announced that it will present at&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Analysts mean rating score stands at 2.10 while ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s ... Hot Stocks Point - 17 hours ago ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  stock price ended its day with gain 0.16% and finalized at the price of $37.53. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 1.15 million shares.ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold - Chaffey Breeze"
p10
a.