(lp0
S"US Treasury releases Atlantic Coast Financial Corp. from financial constraints Florida Times-Union - Mar 31, 2015 In May 2013, Atlantic Coast tried to solve its financial problems by merging with Miami-based Bond Street Holdings Inc., a bank holding company that has since become FCB Financial Holdings Inc. Atlantic Coast's board approved the merger and urged&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  Receives Average Recommendation of ... BNB Daily  - Mar 12, 2017 Atlantic Coast Financial Corp logo Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  has been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 1.00  from the one brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Stock Returns: Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus ... - CML News'
p2
aS"'Boogeyman' investors don't scare Atlantic Coast Bank Jacksonville Business Journal - Sep 4, 2015 PL Capital Group, the firm that purchased a large amount of stock in Atlantic Coast, is known in the industry as professional agitators, investing in small to midsized banks in order to gain sway in the management and strategy of those banks, or ..."
p3
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation Expands Footprint in Florida, Agrees to ... Business Wire  - Nov 20, 2015 JACKSONVILLE, Fla.----Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation , the holding company for Atlantic Coast Bank , today announced that the Company continues to expand its&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus FS ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus FS Bancorp Inc  .Atlantic Coast Financial Corp - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p5
aS"Astoria Financial, Atlantic Coast Latest Merger Targets for Pushy Activists TheStreet.com - Aug 19, 2015 based FNB Corp.  for $474 million, the target's activist investors, PL Capital LLC and Basswood Capital Management LLC, are taking aim at two more banks."
p6
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation Re-Elects Dave Bhasin and John J. Dolan Business Wire  - May 23, 2016 JACKSONVILLE, Fla.----Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  , the holding company for Atlantic Coast Bank , today reported on its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.'
p7
aS'Analysts Anticipate Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  to Announce $0.09 ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 14, 2017 Atlantic Coast Financial Corp logo Shares of Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  have been given a consensus broker rating score of 1.00  from the one brokers that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research&nbsp;...Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  Broker Price Targets For The ... - Fiscal StandardAtlantic Coast Financial Corporation  Upside Stock Technicals at ... - CML News'
p8
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corp.  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to ... Sports Perspectives - Dec 28, 2016 Atlantic Coast Financial Corp. logo Atlantic Coast Financial Corp.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.'
p9
aS'Atlantic Coast Bank becoming commercial bank Jacksonville Daily Record - Jun 20, 2016 In 2000, the Atlantic Coast Federal Credit Union converted to a savings bank under its current name, Atlantic Coast Bank. Now in 2016, it wants to become a commercial bank.'
p10
a.