(lp0
S'Williams Partners Clear To Go Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 My last article on Williams Partners was on January 16th, just after the partnership announced it would be cutting its distribution from 85 cents per quarter to just 60 cents.Technical Roundup on Oil &amp; Gas Stocks -- Williams Partners, Enbridge Energy ... - PR Newswire Market Movers: Enbridge Inc. , Williams Partners LP  - TRA'
p1
aS'Why Williams Partners Looks Attractive Despite The Distribution Cut Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 With the completion of long-due restructuring, Williams Companies and Williams Partners look well-placed to grow as the sector recovers.Energy Income Partners LLC Invests $132352000 in Williams Companies, Inc. (The ... - The Cerbat GemThe Williams Companies, Inc.   Posts Earnings Results, Misses ... - DailyQuint'
p2
aS'Williams Partners LP Price Volatility Hits A Depressed Level CML News - 13 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Williams Partners L.P.  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day ...'
p3
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: Williams Partners LP , Principal ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 3, 2017 Williams Partners L.P.  have shown a high EPS growth of -16.30% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 95.00% yoy.'
p4
aS"BRIEF-Williams Partners says cfo to retire in late 2017 Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 Williams Partners Lp- Donald R. Chappel, chief financial officer of co to retire targeting late 2017. * Williams Partners Lp- Williams is initiating a search process to identify Chappel's successor - sec filing Source text - bit.ly/2mqNbji Further ..."
p5
aS'T Boone Pickens Buys Williams Partners LP, Occidental Petroleum, Sunoco ... GuruFocus.com - Feb 14, 2017 Investment company T Boone Pickens buys Williams Partners LP, Occidental Petroleum, Sunoco Logistics Partners LP, Buckeye Partners LP, Energy Transfer Partners LP, National Oilwell Varco, Plains All American Pipeline LP, Newell Brands, MPLX LP,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Ruling stocks in today's market: Williams Partners LP  The News Journal - 8 hours ago Williams Partners L.P. , from the Basic Materials sector exhibited a worth of $ 39.25 today, demonstrating a change in price of -1.80%.How has Williams Partners LP:  performed recently? - The Daily LeicesterLeading stocks in today's market: Williams Partners LP  - Twin County News"
p7
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: Williams Partners LP  CML News - Mar 14, 2017 As we look at Williams Partners L.P. we note that a long put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the long put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding earnings.'
p8
aS'R-Squared Dividend Growth of Williams Partners LP  Highland Mirror - Mar 15, 2017 The dividend growth rate of Williams Partners LP calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 23.23% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.94.'
p9
aS"Option Market: Williams Partners LP Risk Hits A Weakened Level CML News - Mar 9, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Williams Partners L.P ..."
p10
a.