(lp0
S'Accenture plc: Accenture Expands Capabilities in Oregon; Opens Portland Area ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 15, 2017 PORTLAND, Ore.; Mar. 14, 2017 - Accenture  today announced an expansion of its capabilities in Oregon, including a new office that is now home to 100 Accenture employees who work with clients in Washington County. Accenture will focus on&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture and Docker Expand Relationship, Add Container ... The Wall Street Transcript - 21 hours ago NEW YORK &amp; SAN FRANCISCO; Mar. 15, 2017 - Accenture  and Docker today announced an expanded global alliance and the availability of container services within the Accenture Cloud Factory, providing industrialized solutions for enterprises to&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Accenture  Closes Consulting Firm Seabury's Acquisition Yahoo Finance - 18 hours ago Within two months of entering into an agreement, Accenture Plc ACN completed the acquisition of Seabury Group - a strategy consulting firm - that mainly focuses on the aviation industry, last week."
p3
aS"It May Be Another Record Year in China for Fintech, Accenture Says Bloomberg - Mar 7, 2017 Chinese financial-technology investments this year may exceed 2016's record $10 billion as companies continue to raise funds for expansion and big banks grow their digital services, according to Accenture Plc. The country's financial-services giants ..."
p4
aS"Ruling stocks in today's market: Accenture plc  The News Journal - 12 hours ago Accenture plc , from the Technology sector exhibited a worth of $ 123.91 today, demonstrating a change in price of -0.10%.Accenture plc  Upside Stock Technicals at Extreme Strength - CML NewsThe Accenture Plc  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24"
p5
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Completes Seabury Group Acquisition, Bolsters ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 10, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 10, 2017 - In a move designed to deepen its existing aviation capability, Accenture  has completed its acquisition of the corporate advisory and consulting businesses of Seabury Group, a New York-based professional services&nbsp;...Seabury Capital Expands Speciality Finance, Investment Banking, Technology and ... - Yahoo Finance'
p6
aS'Buffett Should Be Buying Accenture Seeking Alpha - Feb 26, 2017 Let us begin by analyzing one of my favorite dividend growth companies, Accenture PLC  and at the same time explain how the methodology involved in this analysis came about.'
p7
aS'Accenture Is A Long Term Winner Seeking Alpha - Feb 19, 2017 Accenture PLC  is a professional service juggernaut that is a low risk, high potential return, long term play. They are about as financially sound as a company can be.Wesbanco Bank Inc. Lowers Position in Accenture PLC  - BNB Daily Accenture PLC - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Announces Intent to Acquire Digital Agency ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 20, 2017 KRONBERG i. Ts and HAMBURG, Feb. 20, 2017 - Accenture  has announced its intent to acquire SinnerSchrader AG, one of the leading digital agencies in Germany.Accenture announces deal to buy SinnerSchrader - Seeking AlphaAccenture to Buy Stake in Digital Agency SinnerSchrader AG - Yahoo Finance'
p9
aS'Consensus Earnings Estimate for Accenture PLC Energy Index - Mar 10, 2017 Accenture PLC Indepth Earnings, EPS and Estimated Revenue Guidance give detailed picture on the performance.Accenture PLC has received $1.3 as the consensus Earnings Estimate for the Quarter ending on Feb 2017 ,According to the estimate&nbsp;...'
p10
a.