(lp0
S"Acorda Therapeutics Higher Off Favorable Patent Ruling Related To Ampyra Benzinga - Mar 9, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics Inc  shares are trading higher by $1.83  at $30.13 in Thursday's session.Acorda Therapeutics up 7% on patent ruling - Seeking AlphaAcorda Therapeutics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS'Acorda Therapeutics  Jumps: Stock Adds 6.5% in Session Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR was a big mover last session, as its shares rose above 6% on the day. The move came after the United States Patent and Trademark Office  Patent Trials and Appeal Board  upheld all four patents challenged&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Janney Montgomery Scott Upgrades Acorda Therapeutics Inc  to Buy Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago Acorda Therapeutics logo Acorda Therapeutics Inc  was upgraded by research analysts at Janney Montgomery Scott from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a note issued to investors on Monday.The Acorda Therapeutics Inc  Lifted to Buy at Janney Montgomery Scott - Petro Global News 24Analyst Upgrades  Acorda Therapeutics  Stock Gets Upgraded By ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS"Acorda Launches Alexa Skill in Conjunction with MS Awareness Month Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 ARDSLEY, N.Y.----Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  today announced the launch of its Alexa skill, MS Awareness Facts, as part of the company's activities in recognition of Multiple Sclerosis  Awareness Month."
p4
aS"JP Morgan Provides Thoughts On Acorda Therapeutics Inc  Smarter Analyst - Feb 9, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics Inc  shares rose 13% in Thursday's trading session, after the drug maker announced topline data for CVT-301, an inhaled levodopa therapy for episodic treatment of off episodes in Parkinson's disease, from its Phase 3&nbsp;...Acorda Therapeutics  Phase 3 Trial CVT-30 Shows Statistically ... - StreetInsider.comAcorda Therapeutics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 10 - Equities.com"
p5
aS'Acorda Therapeutics Can Deliver Sustained Growth Seeking Alpha - Aug 24, 2016 Acorda Therapeutics  is a small biotech  that markets three products for patients suffering from the effects of multiple sclerosis , spinal cord injury , stroke, and neuropathic pain .'
p6
aS'UPDATE: Goldman Sachs Upgrades Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  to Neutral StreetInsider.com - Feb 15, 2017 Analyst Salveen Richter comments &quot;Our Sell thesis was based on Ampyra IP challenges resulting in an overhang on ACOR shares, plateauing sales and an early/risky pipeline excluding Ph3 CVT-301.Generic Competitors A Looming Threat For Acorda Therapeutics Inc  - Market ExclusiveAcorda Therapeutics, Inc.  Given a $60.00 Price Target by Cowen and ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS"Acorda Therapeutics plummets as much as 13% on failed trial, discontinued drug ... MarketWatch - Nov 21, 2016 Acorda Therapeutics Inc. shares dropped as much as 13.2% in pre-market trade Monday after the company said it was discontinuing development of its drug intended for post-stroke walking difficulties after a clinical trial failure.Acorda Therapeutics: Punished By A Small Disappointment - Barron's Stock Update : Here's Why Acorda Therapeutics Inc Shares Are ... - Smarter Analyst"
p8
aS'Acorda Therapeutics, Gain Capital Holdings, Nimble Storage Times of India - Mar 8, 2017 March 8  - Wall Street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several U.S.-listed companies, including Acorda Therapeutics, Gain Capital Holdings and Incyte, on Wednesday.'
p9
aS'Catherine D. Strader, Ph.D., Joins Acorda Therapeutics Board of Directors Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  today announced that Catherine D. Strader, Ph.D., has joined its board of directors, effective February 17.Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  Given a $22.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald - Chaffey BreezeCowen and Company Reiterates $60.00 Price Target for Acorda Therapeutics, Inc ... - Community Financial News'
p10
a.