(lp0
S'Accuride Corp. to be acquired by Crestview Partners, sells Brillion Iron Works Rockford Register Star - Sep 7, 2016 ROCKFORD - Accuride Corp., the parent company of Accuride Wheel End Solutions, Rockford Operations, is set to be acquired later this year by private equity firm Crestview Partners.5 Things You Ought To Know About Buyout Of Accuride Corporation  - Scibility MediaAccuride to be Acquired by Crestview Partners; Sells Brillion Iron Works - Trucking News Online'
p1
aS'Accuride Corporation Reaches Agreement to be Acquired by Crestview Partners Business Wire  - Sep 2, 2016 EVANSVILLE, Ind.----Accuride Corporation  - a leading supplier of components to the North American and European commercial vehicle industries - today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be&nbsp;...Crestview to acquire Accuride for $2.58 per share - PE Hub  '
p2
aS"We Were Bearish On Accuride, It's Down - What Now? Seeking Alpha - Sep 22, 2015 Accuride Corporation provides commercial vehicle components like wheels, truck body and chassis parts, and more. At the time, we weren't fans of its poor operating performance, its capital structure riddled with debt and how the company itself was ..."
p3
aS"Moody's changes Accuride's outlook to negative, affirms B3 CFR Moodys.com   - Mar 17, 2016 Accuride's B3 Corporate Family Rating reflects high customer concentration, lack of geographic diversification and negative projected free cash flow."
p4
aS"Moody's assigns B3 CFR to Accuride; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Oct 18, 2016 New York, October 18, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  assigned a B3 Corporate Family Rating  and B3-PD Probability of Default Rating to Accuride Corporation  . In addition, Moody's assigned a B3 rating to the&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Accuride Corporation acquisition completed Tyrepress.com - Nov 21, 2016 US-based wheel and automotive componentry manufacturer Accuride Corporation now belongs to funds managed by private equity firm Crestview Partners.'
p6
aS"Moody's views Accuride's potential purchase by Crestview Partners and the sale ... Moodys.com   - Sep 6, 2016 New York, September 06, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  says Accuride Corporation's  proposed purchase by Crestview Partners, LLC  is credit positive because it alleviates our concerns about the company's&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Accuride Corporation Announces Commencement of Tender Offer and Consent ... Business Wire  - Oct 19, 2016 EVANSVILLE, Ind.----Accuride Corporation   - a leading supplier of components to the North American and European commercial vehicle industries - today announced that it has commenced a&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Coliseum Capital Management Urges Accuride Stockholders to Vote against ... Business Wire  - Oct 21, 2016 STAMFORD, Conn.----Coliseum Capital Management , the largest stockholder of Accuride Corporation , with an ownership of approximately 19% of Accuride's outstanding shares, today announced that it has&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Accuride Completes Sale of Brillion Iron Works Business Wire  - Sep 2, 2016 EVANSVILLE, Ind.----Accuride Corporation   - a leading supplier of components to the North American and European commercial vehicle industries - announced that it has sold its Brillion Iron Works &nbsp;...MPG Completes Strategic Acquisition of Brillion Iron Works - PR Newswire '
p10
a.