(lp0
S'Can Analog Devices  Run Higher on Strong Earnings Estimate Revisions? Nasdaq - 22 hours ago Analog Devices, Inc.ADI is an American multinational semiconductor company that could be an interesting play for investors.New Strong Buy Stocks for March 15th - Zacks.com'
p1
aS'Analog Devices, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  designs, manufactures and markets a portfolio of solutions that leverage high-performance analog, mixed-signal and digital signal processing technology, including integrated circuits , algorithms, software and&nbsp;...Analog Devices-Linear Technology expected for closure March 10 - Seeking AlphaAnalog Devices Completes Acquisition of Linear Technology - Business Wire '
p2
aS"Insider Trading Activity Analog Devices, Inc.   Director Sold ... Market Exclusive - 6 hours ago James Champy , Director of Analog Devices, Inc.  reportedly Sold 1,850 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 83.23 for a total transaction amount of $153,975.50 SEC Form.Analog Devices  Completes Linear Technology Buyout - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS'Analog Devices Revenue and Profit Rise Wall Street Journal  - Feb 15, 2017 Chief Executive Vincent Roche said in an interview that the company, which sells primarily to other businesses, had been focusing on the right markets, including smartphones, the technology behind autonomous vehicles and internet-connected devices in.'
p4
aS"AMD, Analog Devices Stocks Could Spook Shorts Schaeffers Research  - Mar 14, 2017 Among the list of uptrending equities that could be on the cusp of a short-covering rally are several semiconductor names, including Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Analog Devices, Inc. . Below, we'll take a look at how AMD&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Trade of the Day: Process Analog Devices, Inc.  Stock for More Gains Investorplace.com - Feb 27, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  - Analog Devices manufactures high-performance integrated circuits for analog and digital processing applications and benefits from the continuous growth of its industrial and automotive segments.Analog Devices Inc Risk Points versus Technology - CML NewsToday's Brokerage Rating: Franklin Resources, Inc. , Analog Devices, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS"Technicals in Focus for Analog Devices, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 16 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Analog Devices, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS'Analog Devices, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 22, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 22, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.45 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 07, 2017.How Analysts View Analog Devices After Earnings - 24/7 Wall St.'
p8
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Analog Devices, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Analog Devices, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS"Analog Devices' Ultralow Power Accelerometer Enables Remote IoT Edge Nodes to ... Automation World - Mar 14, 2017 By using the ADXL372 MEMS accelerometer as part of a remote edge-node device in an IoT application, transient events can be captured and categorized by a localized processor beforehand by being sent to the cloud or other data center via a wireless link."
p10
a.