(lp0
S'The Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  Position Cut by the Riverhead Capital ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 3, 2017 Riverhead Capital Management LLC reduced its stake in Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  by 42.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p1
aS"Archer Daniels  Expands in China's Animal Feed Market Nasdaq - 21 hours ago Archer Daniels Midland CompanyADM continues with expansion plans in China. This time the company is keen on enhancing footprint in the Animal Nutrition space, particularly marking its entry into the growing Chinese high value specialty aquafeed market.ADM China Expansion Targets Fish Food Demand  - InvestopediaTraders Secrets on Archer-Daniels-Midland Company , Arconic Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS'ADM makes investments in Chinese animal nutrition facilities Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Archer Daniels Midland Company  announces that it will expand its animal nutrition capabilities in China. The company is constructing a new feed-premix facility in Xiangta and adding aquaculture feed production lines at its existing Nanjing&nbsp;...ADM to expand in China; eyes demand for animal and fish feed - Daily MailADM to Expand Animal Nutrition Capabilities with New Facilities in Xiangtan ... - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS"Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 16, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.32 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 14, 2017.Archer-Daniels-Midland Company : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalADM Named to Most Admired Company List for Ninth Consecutive Year - Business Wire "
p4
aS"Archer Daniels Midland a Top Ranked SAFE Dividend Stock With 2.9% Yield Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Archer Daniels Midland Co.  has been named to the Dividend Channel ''S.A.F.E. 25'' list, signifying a stock with above-average ''DividendRank'' statistics including a strong 2.9% yield, as well as a superb track record of at least two ...Option Market: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Risk Hits A Tumbling Low - CML NewsWhy Investors remained confident on Yum! Brands, Inc. , Archer-Daniels ... - StockNewsJournal"
p5
aS'Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Price Volatility Hits A Tumbling Low CML News - 13 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over ...'
p6
aS"Lookout for Price Target? United Parcel Service, Inc. , Archer-Daniels ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 7, 2017 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.84, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM ... - The USA CommerceArcher Daniels Midland's Swiss Units to Acquire Stake in Egyptian Sweetener - TheStreet.com"
p7
aS'Research Reports on Farm Products Equities -- Archer-Daniels-Midland, Bunge ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 These products include fertilizers, sod, grains, and fruit and vegetable transplants. Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com shifts focus on these four stocks: Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , Bunge Ltd , Adecoagro S.A. , and ...'
p8
aS'The Dirty Secret to Trading Masco Corporation , Archer-Daniels-Midland ... USA Commerce Daily - Mar 14, 2017 Shares of Masco Corporation  observed rebound of 17.41% since bottoming out at $29.11 on Mar. 14, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 0.66% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 6.85% so far on the year - still in strong territory.'
p9
aS"Analysts Near-Term outlook: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company , Eli Lilly ... The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 Shares of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  dropped -0.75% to $44.70. During the trading on 03/13/2017, Company's stock ranged from $44.59 to $45.13."
p10
a.