(lp0
S"AdEPT's latest moves mark a &quot;step change&quot; in strategy Proactive Investors UK - Feb 3, 2017 Acquisitive communications solutions provider AdEPT Telecom plc  has inked a new banking facility and hit the acquisition trail again.AdEPT Telecom plc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Northland Securities - Sports PerspectivesAdEPT takes over OurIT Group - Stock Market Wire"
p1
aS"Capital Network's Stacey expect &quot;another year of earnings growth&quot; for AdEPT ... Proactive Investors UK - Jan 9, 2017 Ed Stacey, analyst at Capital Network talks to Proactive Investors about AdEPT Telecom , a company which he believes is &quot;bang on track to deliver another year of earnings' growth and strong cashflow."
p2
aS'INTERVIEW: AdEPT Telecom plc Extend and complimenting with acquisitions DirectorsTalk Interviews - Feb 7, 2017 AdEPT Telecom plc  CFO John Swaite talks to DirectorsTalk about its new finance package and acquisition. John provides a summary of the new finance package, explains the strategic rationale for the new acquisition, talks about the financial&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'INTERVIEW: OurIT Group Huge skill set to compliment Adept Telecom plc say ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Feb 6, 2017 Northland Capital Partners Analyst Mike Jeremy talks to DirectorsTalk about Adept Telecom Plc  new 30m banking facility and acquisition of OurIT Group.AdEPT Telecom plc  Receives Buy Rating from Northland Securities - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Market Risers: AdEPT Telecom plc, Associated British Foods plc, AstraZeneca ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Feb 17, 2017 The stock price for AdEPT Telecom plc with company EPIC: LON:ADT has risen 6.67% or 20 points throughout today's trading session so far."
p5
aS"AdEPT Telecom plc Acquires Comms Group UK Limited for 3.5m DirectorsTalk Interviews - May 10, 2016 AdEPT Telecom plc , one of the UK's leading independent providers of unified telecommunications solutions, today announced it has signed an agreement with effect from 1 May 2016 to acquire the entire issued share capital of Comms Group UK&nbsp;...AdEPT Telecom bolts on internet-based telecoms specialist - Proactive Investors UK"
p6
aS'AdEPT Telecom CEO continues to look for acquisitions Proactive Investors UK - Jul 6, 2016 AdEPT Telecom plc  Chief Executive Ian Fishwick tells Proactive Investors that the results were better than expected, moving the firm closer towards becoming a complete managed services provider.'
p7
aS"Market Risers: 3i Group plc, AdEPT Telecom plc, Antofagasta plc, Barratt ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 8, 2017 The trading price for AdEPT Telecom plc ticker lookup code: LON:ADT has stepped up 7.29% or 23.5 points throughout today's trading session so far."
p8
aS"AdEPT Telecom plc Acquisition of Centrix Limited DirectorsTalk Interviews - May 1, 2015 AdEPT Telecom plc LON:ADT, one of the UK's leading independent providers of voice and data telecommunications solutions, has this morning announced that it has signed an agreement which is effective today  to acquire the entire issued&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Is AdEPT Telecom plc the best telco stock after profits soar? Motley Fool UK - Nov 15, 2016 Today's first half results from telecoms company AdEPT  show that it is making excellent progress. Sales increased by 19% to 16.5m and adjusted earnings rose by 12%."
p10
a.