(lp0
S'Brookfield to Buy Associated Estates for $1.7 Billion Bloomberg - Apr 22, 2015 A unit of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. agreed to buy Associated Estates Realty Corp., a U.S. apartment landlord that had been under pressure from an activist investor, for about $1.7 billion.Brookfield  to Acquire Associated Estates Realty  for $28.75/Share - StreetInsider.comREIT Activist Scores Win In Associated Estates $2.5B Sale To Brookfield - Forbes'
p1
aS'Brookfield Affiliate Completes Acquisition of Associated Estates for $28.75 ... PR Newswire  - Aug 7, 2015 CLEVELAND, Aug. 7, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Associated Estates Realty Corporation  is pleased to announce the successful completion of the acquisition of Associated Estates by a real estate fund managed by Brookfield Asset&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Brookfield unveils plans for former Associated Estates Realty Corp. headquarters Crain's Cleveland Business  - Sep 2, 2015 For the most part, mum remains the word to describe what's afoot at the former headquarters of Associated Estates Realty Corp. in Richmond Heights. Shareholders on Aug. 5 approved the sale of Associated Estates Realty Corp. of Richmond Heights for $2.5&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Land and Buildings Sends Letter to Associated Estates Realty ; Proposes ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 8, 2015 Collectively with Scot Sellers, who has overseen the creation of significant value in the apartment business as the leader of Archstone-Smith Trust for over 15 years, our group owns approximately 2.8% of the outstanding Associated Estates Realty ...'
p4
aS"Associated Estates shareholders OK purchase by Brookfield Asset Management Crain's Cleveland Business - Aug 5, 2015 Northeast Ohio stands to lose a publicly traded company and a corporate connection to one of its home-grown property empires as shareholders of Associated Estates Realty Corp.  soundly approved its purchase by investment funds&nbsp;...Associated Estates to merge with Brookfield affiliate - cleveland.com"
p5
aS"Associated Estates Realty Corp. breaks ground on major apartment project in ... Crain's Cleveland Business - Sep 30, 2014 Associated Estates Realty Corp.  of Richmond Heights said it has broken ground on a major new development: the 350 8th Apartments in San Francisco's South of Market neighborhood.Associated Estates and San Francisco Leaders Celebrate Groundbreaking of New ... - PR Newswire "
p6
aS'Associated Estates Announces Appointment of Multifamily Industry Veteran ... PR Newswire  - Dec 29, 2014 29, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Associated Estates Realty Corporation  today made several announcements, including changes to the composition of the Board of Directors, the initiation of a business review and significant enhancements to&nbsp;...Associated Estates to Review Business Amid Activist Pressure - Wall Street JournalAssociated Estates Realty  Names New Director; Will Review Strategic Options - StreetInsider.com '
p7
aS'Land and Buildings Sends Letter to the Board of Associated Estates Realty ... Business Wire  - Jun 3, 2014 Land and Buildings is a long/short investment firm founded in 2008 that invests in REITs and real estate related companies  and certain of our affiliated funds and accounts are shareholders of Associated Estates Realty .'
p8
aS"Questions loom for Associated Estates' local office Crain's Cleveland Business - Jul 5, 2015 For Associated Estates Realty Corp. of Richmond Heights, the next step in its development looks to be into the spreadsheets of a larger enterprise."
p9
aS"Associated Estates could owe Brookfield Asset Management millions if proposed ... Crain's Cleveland Business - Apr 28, 2015 If Richmond Heights-based Associated Estates Realty Corp.  and Toronto-based Brookfield Asset Management  part ways without consummating their proposed merger, there will be millions in break-up fees to pay."
p10
a.