(lp0
S'Common Share Dividend Yield of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company ... Energy Index - 21 hours ago The dividend growth rate of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 15.25% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.93.American Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Broker Price ... - Fiscal StandardPrice-to-Earnings-Growth Ratio Of American Equity Investment Life Holding ... - Equities Focus'
p1
aS"Public Companies: American Equity Investment Life Holding Co. Business Record - Jan 13, 2017 Company officials say the new rule doesn't work well with the independent distribution model through which American Equity's fixed index annuities are sold. However, it can sell traditional fixed annuities without the index component, which will enable ..."
p2
aS'BRIEF-American Equity Investment Life Holding Q4 earnings per share $1.35 Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 BRIEF-American Equity Investment Life Holding Q4 earnings per share $1.35. Feb 8 American Equity Investment Life Holding Co : * American equity reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 results. * Q4 non-GAAP operating earnings per share $0.63.'
p3
aS"American Equity Investment Life: A Hammered Stock With Above Average Returns Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2016 As a life insurer, capital requirements are increasingly burdensome. As a proxy, we can look at the amount of tangible equity against its tangible assets. AEL's ratio is less than 6% at Q4'15 while the average public North America life insurers hold ..."
p4
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina On Q4 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss fourth quarter 2016 earnings.American Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Moves Higher on Volume ... - Equities.comAmerican Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Sets New 52-Week High ... - BNB Daily "
p5
aS'Why American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2016 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company is one of the largest sellers of indexed annuities. Under the new rules, conflicts of interests between brokers and annuity buyers will have to be disclosed to the customer, which could put a dent in ...US Targets Indexed Annuities in Obama Retirement Rules - Bloomberg'
p6
aS'Zacks.com featured highlights: LG Display, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, American ... Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 Value investors tend to cling to the price-to-earnings  ratio while looking for stocks that are trading at attractive prices.Tap 5 Value Stocks with Enticing EV/EBITDA Ratios - Yahoo Finance'
p7
aS'American Equity to Present at Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company , a leading issuer of fixed index annuities, today announced that John Matovina, Chief Executive Officer and Ted Johnson, Chief Financial Officer, will be presenting at the Raymond James 38th Annual&nbsp;...The American Equity Investment Life Holding  Receives $23.86 Average ... - DailyQuintAmerican Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Bearish Target AT $18 - Markets Daily'
p8
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina on Q3 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss third quarter 2016 earnings."
p9
aS'American Equity Investment Life: Small-Cap Story With High Growth Prospects ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2016 We are living in a period of low equity markets returns, where the global economy suffers from anemic growth, deflation and low interest rates.'
p10
a.