(lp0
S'Why Did American Eagle Outfitters Fall After Its Q4 Earnings? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters  shares fell nearly 10% on March 1 after the apparel retailer posted a mixed fourth quarter earnings report.American Eagle Outfitters  PT Lowered to $15 at Oppenheimer Following ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS"Why American Eagle Outfitters Shares Got Cut Today Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters  stock fell as much as 12% during the trading day today after the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 disappointed the market, with below-expected earnings and weak same-store sales guidance for Q1 2017.American Eagle Outfitters'  CEO Jay Schottenstein on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking AlphaAmerican Eagle Outfitters Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Taking a Fresh Look at American Eagle Outfitters,  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Apparel Stores. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $14.56, up from yesterday's close by 0.55%.The American Eagle Outfitters  Receives Buy Rating from B. Riley - Petro Global News 24Hot Performer of the day: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - FactsReporter"
p3
aS"Why Etsy, Babcock &amp; Wilcox Enterprises, and American Eagle Outfitters Slumped ... Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2017 Yet some stocks failed to benefit from the broad-based rally, and Etsy , Babcock &amp; Wilcox Enterprises , and American Eagle Outfitters  were among the worst performers on the day. Below, we'll look more closely at&nbsp;...18 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday - Benzinga"
p4
aS'American Eagle Outfitters Inc. Q4 Income Climbs 6% Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017  - American Eagle Outfitters Inc.  released earnings for its fourth quarter that gained ground compared to the same period last year.'
p5
aS"BRIEF-American Eagle Outfitters declares regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 ... Reuters - Mar 8, 2017 BERLIN, March 9 U.S. President Donald Trump's January travel ban had a significant impact on booking rates to the United States for Emirates airline and it has not yet fully recovered, the carrier's president said on Thursday."
p6
aS"American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. : What's the Story? StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Apparel Stores. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $14.53, up from yesterday's close by 0.35%.Large Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in American Eagle Outfitters ... - Highland MirrorAnalytical Guide for American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. , Cerulean Pharma ... - The USA Commerce"
p7
aS'American Eagle Outfitters employee claims store discriminating against him ... Southeast Texas Record - Feb 17, 2017 GALVESTON - A store manager for a Pittsburgh-based clothing and accessories retailer has brought a lawsuit alleging discrimination based on his race and medical condition.The Case for and Against American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalTaking a Look at the Chart for American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - The USA Commerce'
p8
aS"Apparel Stores Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Gap, American Eagle Outfitters ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 This morning, Stock-Callers.com tracks the current performances of The Gap Inc. , American Eagle Outfitters Inc. , Ascena Retail Group Inc. , and Nordstrom Inc. ."
p9
aS"BRIEF-American Eagle Outfitters reports Q4 earnings per share $0.30 Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 SANTIAGO, March 11 The striking union at BHP Billiton's Escondida copper mine in Chile, the world's largest, said on Saturday it will not accept the company's offer to return to the negotiating table, and called on BHP to clarify its negotiating positions."
p10
a.