(lp0
S"Laser Maker's CEO, Attys Face Suit Over Share Increase Law360  - Jan 14, 2017 Applied Energetics Inc.'s sole director George Farley and law firm Stein Riso Mantel McDonough LLP breached their fiduciary duties to investors by quadrupling the number of company shares and putting some of those shares in their pockets, investors&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Femtosecond laser micromachining: A back-to-basics primer Industrial Laser Solutions Magazine - Jun 8, 2012 ... Yb:tungstate lasers can be pumped by a diode laser, and therefore the Yb-doped laser systems can be made more compact and at relatively lower cost.'
p2
aS'Pentagon spends billions to fight roadside bombs, with little success McClatchy Washington Bureau - Mar 27, 2011 The company, which had changed its name to Applied Energetics Inc., denied the claims but settled the suit in September 2009 by paying $5.3 million in cash and another $1.2 million in stock to the complaining shareholders.'
p3
aS'FEATURE STORY: Semiconductor HUBS  Macro Growth from Micro Chips Business Facilities Magazine   - Jan 12, 2015 ITC, which has customers in the semiconductor, medical, energy, industrial automation and aerospace industries, has purchased a 25,000-square-foot building in Butterfield Business Park from Applied Energetics Inc., which is moving to smaller quarters&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Police &amp; Law Enforcement Equipment Market 2015-2025 PR Newswire  - Dec 15, 2014 Following events in Ferguson, Missouri in August 2014, and Hong Kong in September, many commentators have focused upon the way in which law enforcement entities have seemingly become more militarised in recent years, utilising heavy vehicles,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'SteelCloud Announces $2 Million New Investment PR Newswire  - Jul 9, 2010 Mr. Feigley has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Applied Energetics, Inc. since June 2008, and as Chairman since April of 2009.'
p6
aS'Energy Department Announces Denver as Next Location for Solar Decathlon ... Energy.gov  - Mar 11, 2016 In addition to the site announcement, DOE announced Energetics Incorporated of Columbia, Maryland, as the new program administrator.Denver to be site of 2017 international solar competition - Denver Business Journal '
p7
aS"Will D-Wave Render Intel Obsolete? Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2013 Last week I read an article about Lockheed Martin's D-Wave quantum computer, in the New York Times. A Strange Computer Promises Great Speed, by Quentin Hardy, is summarized by the paper as: &quot;Lockheed Martin Harnesses Quantum Technology."
p8
aS'Diastereomeric resolution directed towards chirality determination focussing ... Nature.com - Apr 4, 2016 The ERMS technique was able to discriminate between a series of diastereomeric molecular ion pairs containing chiral auxiliaries, which suggested that the method could be applied to a wide range of compounds. Furthermore, even small ions that ...'
p9
aS'New University/Industry Partnership Will Advance Optical Science and Engineering University of Rochester Newsroom - Jul 29, 2013 &quot;Freeform optics research is applied research and is best done in collaboration with industry - the new center will make this possible,&quot; said Jannick Rolland, director of the center and the Brian J. Thompson Professor of Optical Engineering at ...'
p10
a.