(lp0
S"HIG Capital Closes the Restructuring of Advanced Environmental Recycling ... Business Wire  - Nov 9, 2011 BOSTON, Mass.----H.I.G. Capital completed a financial recapitalization of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. , providing new debt and equity capital to the Company. H.I.G. has become the Company's largest&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Global Plastic Bottle Recycling Market 2017  Advanced Environmental Recycling ... First Newshawk - Feb 22, 2017 Global Plastic Bottle Recycling Market Report 2017 offers comprehensive research study on the current scenario of the Plastic Bottle Recycling market globally, offering a primary overview of Plastic Bottle Recycling market, consisting of definitions,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Study forecasts increase in plastic bottle recycling Recycling Today - Jun 30, 2015 These prominent vendors include Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Avangard Innovative, Phoenix Technologies International, UltrePET, CarbonLITE, Complete Recycling, ECO2 Plastics, Evergreen Plastics, National Recycling Technologies&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Composite deck sales improving as they stand the test of time Plastics News - Jul 31, 2015 Despite all these conditions, other than some moderate color fade, the decks manufactured a decade ago by Springdale, Ark.-based Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies Inc.  are in good shape regardless of whether they meander&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'New uses for composite building materials Plastics News - Jan 31, 2017 Owned by Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies Inc., the company and and its partners came up with a way to optimize heat reflection with a trademarked coextrusion manufacturing process called Co-X, according to a news release.'
p5
aS'Global Environment Plastic Decking Market 2017  UPM Kymmene Corporation ... DailyHover - Feb 23, 2017 Global Environment Plastic Decking Market Report 2017 offers comprehensive research study on the current scenario of the Environment Plastic Decking market globally, offering a primary overview of Environment Plastic Decking market, consisting of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Investor Watch: Zooming in on the Levels for Advanced Environmental Recycling ... Baldwin Journal - Dec 19, 2016 Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 73704. The EV helps show how the market assigns value to a company as a whole.'
p7
aS'Expert remains optimistic about plastic recycling Plastics News - Apr 12, 2016 Inc. an Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies Inc. have provided an important outlet for recycled plastic film, another market for the material is growing, Butler said.'
p8
aS"A look at the future of flexible film recovery Waste Dive - Apr 18, 2016 &quot;Then, converters like Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies  and Trex see to it that it's turned into something interesting and durable, like benches and decking material,&quot; said Jackson."
p9
aS"H&amp;M's $6.5M Effort to Advance Textile Recycling Environmental Leader - Sep 19, 2016 H&amp;M Recycling blended textiles is a huge challenge because no commercially viable separation, sorting and recycling technologies are available for many of the most popular materials, such as cotton and polyester blends. While single-fiber fabrics such ..."
p10
a.