(lp0
S'Afri-Can Marine Announces Positive Pre-Feasibility Study on Mining Lease 111 ... Marketwired  - Jan 23, 2014 MONTREAL, QUEBEC-- - Afri-Can Marine Minerals Corporation   has completed a preliminary study of the feasibility of resuming mining during 2014 on Mining Lease  111 situated off the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"African Marine Solutions Group  aquires the business of Smit Amandla Marine Creamer Media's Engineering News - Dec 1, 2016 Dr Iraj Abedian, the CEO of Pan-African Capital Holdings, underscores this point: In identifying the synergy that consortium partners have in terms of a commitment to sound corporate governance principles, transformation, regional growth and value ..."
p2
aS'Morning Report APAC: Dovish Fed comments hurts dollar, gold rallies TradingFloor.com - 7 hours ago As expected, the Federal Open Market Committee raised rates by 25 basis points for the second time inside of threemonths, in line with market expectations.'
p3
aS'Africa and Shipping  A Mutually Benefiting Cooperation MarineLink - Nov 24, 2016 The blue economy offers a lot of opportunities, and close cooperation between EU and African institutions and stakeholders is vital.'
p4
aS'Former Guinea mines minister charged with taking $8.5m in bribes Financial Times - Dec 14, 2016 Under the shareholder agreement, which was finalised on October 10 2009, the Chinese company would own 85 per cent of the newly created company, Africa Development Corporation. Guinea would own 15 per cent. US authorities allege another two&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"$700 million African bauxite mine contract awarded to Fluor Mining Global - Feb 9, 2017 Fluor Corporation, one of the world's largest publicly traded engineering, procurement, construction , maintenance, and project management companies, has announced that it has been awarded an engineering and program management consultancy contract ..."
p6
aS'Premier African Minerals investment upbeat on updated resource DIGITALLOOK - Feb 10, 2017 Mining, exploration and production company Premier African Minerals announced on Friday that Circum Minerals, in which Premier holds two million shares - equivalent to an interest of approximately 2% - had posted an updated presentation on its website.'
p7
aS'The future of agriculture The Economist - Jun 9, 2016 High-density soil sampling, carried out every few years to track properties such as mineral content and porosity, can predict the fertility of different parts of a field.'
p8
aS'US Sends Marines to South Sudan Capital to Protect Citizens Military.com - Jul 13, 2016 The EARF is one of two US military quick response forces for Africa established after the Benghazi consulate attack. The response force of 500 Marines based in Spain can respond to crises in North and West Africa, the smaller 100 man EARF is based in&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'The Political Economy of Rent-seeking and State Capture Namibian - Oct 31, 2016 One such perspective is that of robust compliance with formal legal instruments, notably the regulatory framework of the International Seabed Authority  to regulate the mining of marine minerals beyond national jurisdiction. The ISA is an ...'
p10
a.