(lp0
S"Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Collapses On Treasury Ruling, Analysts React ValueWalk - Apr 5, 2016 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  collapsed on the Treasury ruling as we reported late Monday. Shares of Allergan are down about 19 percent in pre-market trading as investors question whether the Pfizer deal will go through.Wednesday's Vital Data: Pfizer Inc. , Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (AGN ... - Investorplace.comUS Stocks Buzzers: Pfizer Inc. , Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  - News Oracle"
p1
aS"Why Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Are Worth Watching Today? Stock Market Daily - Mar 8, 2017 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  shares are trading higher in pre-market trading. Investors reaction follow the company's announcement that its supplemental New Drug Application  for VRAYLAR  has been accepted by the FDA.2 Movers of Yesterday Great Basin Scientific Inc , Allergan plc ... - Daily News Journal "
p2
aS'Food And Drug Administration Accepts Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE:AGN ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  has announced that an application to have new clinical data for Vraylar evaluated has been accepted by the Food and Drug Administration of the United States.'
p3
aS"Two Speculative NASH Allocations Post Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE:AGN ... Market Exclusive - Sep 23, 2016 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  just announced its buyout of junior biotech , and market response has been huge. The former is paying six times valuation multiple for the latter, and could end up paying a lot more if Tobira's lead assets make ...Will Allergan plc  M&amp;A Spree be Helpful in Future Growth? - Smrt Stck Nws"
p4
aS"Is Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Snapping Out of It? Investorplace.com - Dec 29, 2016 Allergan's long-term downtrend might be a thing of the past. AGN stock is making a serious run at a reversal. Dec 29, 2016, 2:52 pm EDT | By Matt McCall, Editor, FUTR Stocks and ETF Bulletin.Analyst Views on Price Target: Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  - Post Registrar"
p5
aS'Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Heffx Trading Outlook Live Trading News - Feb 14, 2017 During the past 10 bars, there have been 8 white candles and 2 black candles for a net of 6 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 30 white candles and 20 black candles for a net of 10 white candles.'
p6
aS'Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Shares Are Reiterated With A Buy Rating Stock Market Daily - Feb 13, 2017 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  shares are reiterated with a Buy rating by S&amp;P Capital IQ analyst Jeffrey Loo after the company revealed that it agreed to Buy Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc .Allergan Is Buying ZELTIQ Aesthetics For $2.5 Billion - StockNews.com Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc  Stock Soars on$2.5B Allergan  Deal - Investorplace.com'
p7
aS"Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Valuation Still Very Attractive Smrt Stck Nws - Feb 6, 2017 Heading into Allergan plc Ordinary Shares'  4Q on 2/8/17, when the co will provide its detailed 2017 outlook, Bank of America Merrill Lynch believes AGN's current valuation continues to present an attractive opportunity for a relatively high ...Stock Earnings Estimates under Consideration: Allergan plc Ordinary Shares ... - Post RegistrarAllergan's Price Increases Drive Q4 Earnings Beat - StockNews.com "
p8
aS'Allergan Plc Ordinary Shares  Is Positioned for Fast Growth Library For Smart Investors - Feb 14, 2017 After suffering losses in the third quarter, Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  is back on track and expected to move higher in the coming months.Overbuying Stock on Analysts Radar: Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  - Post RegistrarStock Price of Allergan plc.  Increases 6.71% - Morning Outlook'
p9
aS"Biotech's Week Ahead: MannKind Corporation , Allergan plc Ordinary ... Smarter Analyst - May 8, 2016 It's an eventful week ahead for pharmaceutical companies MannKind Corporation , Allergan plc Ordinary Shares , Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd  , and Horizon Pharma PLC ,&nbsp;..."
p10
a.