(lp0
S'Lincoln Educational Services  Reaches $2.34 After 8.00% Up Move, Amn ... Wolcott Daily - 11 hours ago Alta Natural Herbs and Supplements Ltd is a Canada dietary supplements and neutraceuticals company. The company has market cap of $1.69 million.'
p1
aS'HEALTH: why exercise is a miracle cure Daily Mail - Jan 15, 2017 Some iron supplements can lead to constipation and gastrointestinal discomfort, so Nicole recommends trying iron-rich foods first.'
p2
aS'INDUSTRY BRIEFS Oil & Gas Financial Journal - Jan 18, 2017 Anadarko Petroleum has agreed to sell its operated and non-operated upstream assets and operated midstream assets in the Marcellus Shale of north-central Pennsylvania to Alta Marcellus Development LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Alta Resources ...'
p3
aS'Destructive Washington fire empties another town Daily Mail - Jul 18, 2014 PATEROS, Wash.  - A massive wildfire that has destroyed at least 100 homes has forced the residents of a second north-central Washington town to leave their homes, and prompted a partial evacuation of a third community, a sheriff said Friday night.'
p4
aS"Bike sharing takes hold in the US BikeRadar.com - Aug 28, 2011 &quot;We're over the major failure points: theft and vandalism, the systems in place are surviving; the safety record of the systems are, so far, extremely positive, and liability has not been an issue,&quot; said Alison Cohen, the president of Alta Bicycle ..."
p5
aS"Why Dolce &amp; Gabbana's Alta Sartoria line is a hit with Hong Kong's super-rich South China Morning Post - Aug 28, 2016 Jonathan Cheung started his summer yacht trip in Cannes. He sailed his boat around the south of France with his family, then to Portofino in Italy with friends, who accompanied him down to Naples, where he attended the exclusive Dolce &amp; Gabbana Alta&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Dolce &amp; Gabbana's Alta Moda tribute to Sophia Loren in Naples, her home city South China Morning Post - Jul 18, 2016 The city's rough and ready reputation hardly makes it an obvious choice for a couture show, nor a natural host for the world's richest fashion clientele, but the designers delved into the history and culture of the place and discovered a rich, complex ..."
p7
aS"Exploiting December tax-loss selling MarketWatch - Dec 1, 2011 CHAPEL HILL, N.C.  - One oft-repeated trading rule on Wall Street says we shouldn't let Uncle Sam manage our portfolios."
p8
aS"Dolce &amp; Gabbana's Alta Moda show takes to the stage at La Scala South China Morning Post  - Feb 13, 2016 Sitting on the stage at La Scala theatre in Milan, facing stacked balconies, row upon rows of red velvet, and chandelier lights lowering towards the makeshift catwalk path, are the members of Dolce &amp; Gabbana's most private club."
p9
aS"The story of the tragic death of Ezekiel Stephan in 2012 begins with the ... Calgary Herald - Jun 13, 2016 n January of 1994, Debora Stephan drove her silver minivan to a remote park outside Cardston, Alta. The 40-year-old had been ... In addition to those treatments, Ezekiel regularly took several supplements, including one called EMPowerplus. It's the ..."
p10
a.