(lp0
S"AIG: Difficult To Value, Easy To Own Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Is AIG really that difficult to own at $62.50 despite Deutsche Bank cutting the price target to $57? The investment thesis in AIG hasn't really changed much over the months despite all the noise. The global insurance company reported a Q4 after-tax ..."
p1
aS"Carl Icahn finally gets his wish of a new AIG CEO. Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago It's been a revolving door of sorts in the top spot at AIG . Now, CEO Peter Hancock is stepping down, being forced out by the board of directors, and to some extent - activist investor Carl Icahn.American International Group Inc  Reportedly Removed CEO to Avoid ... - Market ExclusiveAIG Directors Asked CEO Hancock to Resign to Avoid Fight with Icahn: WSJ - Insurance Journal"
p2
aS"American International Group Inc  CEO Fired for Doing His Job Investorplace.com - Mar 9, 2017 When a CEO is made to walk the plank under the orders of a big investor, middle-aged men get as giddy as schoolgirls dishing on a Hollywood starlet's failing marriage.AIG CEO to resign after dismal earnings, successor unclear - Daily MailAIG: Another CEO Resigns. What Lies Ahead? - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'American International Group, GameStop, Gilead Sciences Downgraded Schaeffers Research  - Mar 13, 2017 Analysts are weighing in on insurance giant American International Group Inc , video game retailer GameStop Corp.'
p4
aS'American International Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March ... Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 American International Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.32 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 29, 2017.'
p5
aS"The Technical Facts on American International Group, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 16 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on American International Group, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Is It Time to go for American International Group, Inc. , EOG Resources ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p7
aS"AIG: What To Do After Yesterday's Massacre Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 While there are operational problems with American International Group's insurance business, share repurchases are likely to drive the insurance company's book value significantly higher this year. If you have followed American International Group for ...American International Group Inc  Stock Falls on Q4 Loss - Investorplace.comAIG Posts $3.04 Billion Loss, Adding to CEO Hancock's Woes - Bloomberg"
p8
aS'AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 ...  is an insurance company. The Company provides a range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, mortgage insurance and other financial services to customers in over 100 countries and jurisdictions.'
p9
aS"AIG Is Better Positioned by 'Quite a Margin,' CEO Says Bloomberg - Feb 16, 2017 American International Group Inc. Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock, seeking to recover from the company's biggest stock drop since 2011, said the worst is behind the insurer after he struck a deal to limit risk on poorly performing policies."
p10
a.