(lp0
S'Common Share Dividend Yield of AAR Corp.  Energy Index - 14 hours ago AAR Corp. has a dividend payout ratio calculated based on  is 0.25 and the average fiscal quarterly payout ratio for last five years is 0.24.'
p1
aS"AAR Corp. begins hiring mechanics at Rockford jet repair hub Rockford Register Star - Oct 21, 2016 AAR Corp. has posted 18 jobs on its website for the Rockford maintenance, repair and overhaul or MRO, as it's known in aviation parlance."
p2
aS"A primer on Rockford's new jet repair hub and AAR Corp. Rockford Register Star - Jul 14, 2016 ROCKFORD - Education was the key to Rockford's courtship of AAR Corp., a global leader in the jet service and repair industry and the new kid on the block, so to speak, of the region's aerospace and aviation cluster.AAR Corp. taps Rock Valley College grads for MRO jobs - Rockford Register Star"
p3
aS"Want a job? AAR Corp. to host fair for aviation mechanics at new Rockford jet ... Rockford Register Star - Nov 11, 2016 ROCKFORD - AAR Corp. will hire hundreds of aircraft mechanics and support personnel at the new Rockford jet repair hub in the months ahead, and company representatives hope to find many prospective hires at a job fair they'll host at the airport ..."
p4
aS'AAR Corp. - Potential Recovery Within Expeditionary Services And Organic ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 AAR Corp. reported relatively strong fourth quarter results, and predicts further growth in the coming year. While earnings are expected to show further gains, predicted margin gains are modest following continued pressure in the expeditionary service&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'AAR Corp.  Wins SAAT Contract Valued Up to $125M StreetInsider.com - Oct 6, 2016 AAR  has signed a five-year agreement to provide power-by-the-hour  component inventory management and repair services to South African Airways Technical  Ltd.'
p6
aS'AAR Corp.  Announces Acquisition of Mobile Shelter Maker SPACEMAX StreetInsider.com - Jul 13, 2016 SPACEMAX shelters add another option for customers of AAR Mobility Systems, whose wide range of encampment solutions is customizable to mission demands.'
p7
aS"CFO Moves: Ramco-Gershenson, Zoe's Kitchen, AAR Corp. Wall Street Journal  - Sep 29, 2015 AAR Corp., an aerospace and defense company based in Wood Dale, Ill., named Michael Sharp CFO, effective Oct, 5. He will succeed John Fortson, who the company said is resigning and relocating to become CFO of an unnamed, non-aviation company.AAR Corp. hiring 100 plus employees, aircraft mechanics, inspectors and more - kfor.comAAR Appoints Michael J. Sharp as Chief Financial Officer - PR Newswire "
p8
aS'NAC signs MoU with AAR Corp The Kathmandu Post - Jan 30, 2017 Jan 30, 2017- Nepal Airlines Corporation  has signed a Memorandum of Understanding  with US-based AAR Corp to buy two Airbus A330-200 long-range jets.'
p9
aS'NAC selects AAR Corp to deliver two aircraft Himalayan Times - Jan 16, 2017 Nepal Airlines Corporation  today issued a letter of intent  to an American leasing company, AAR Corp, to supply two-wide body Airbus A 330-200 aircraft.NAC decides to award jet deal to AAR Corp of US - The Kathmandu Post'
p10
a.