(lp0
S"New home for Arthur J. Gallagher in Aberdeen Press and Journal - Mar 9, 2017 He added: As part of one of the world's largest insurance brokers, we can also leverage the power of global resources and expertise to create competitive, customised solutions for our clients.Best stocks of the day: Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  - The News JournalLeading stocks in today's market: Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  - Twin County News"
p1
aS'Giles BaxterArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.CIO 100 2016 - No. 79 CIO UK - Apr 21, 2016 Arthur J Gallagher prides itself on being a socially responsible company. A desire to deliver with a social responsibility is something I look for in the hiring process.'
p2
aS'Financial management firm Argentis acquired by Arthur J Gallagher &amp; Co. Startups.co.uk - Nov 10, 2016 Argentis, the Canterbury-based financial planning and employee benefits consultant, has been acquired by US insurance brokerage Arthur J Gallagher &amp; Co. Founded in 2005, Argentis provides benefit and wealth management services to private and&nbsp;...American broker Arthur J. Gallagher buys London advice firm - Citywire.co.ukArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Argentis - PR Newswire '
p3
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Ace IRM Insurance Broking Group In Australia PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and does business in more than 150 countries around the world through a network of&nbsp;...Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 01, 2017 - Nasdaq'
p4
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Construction Risk Solutions, LLC PR Newswire  - Jan 9, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...'
p5
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Hill, Chesson &amp; Woody PR Newswire  - Jan 13, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client-service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...'
p6
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co acquires Orb Financial Services Consultancy.uk - Aug 11, 2016 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. has acquired Surrey-based Orb Financial Services, adding 14 professionals to its UK-based operation.'
p7
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Lewis &amp; Associates Insurance Brokers, Inc. PR Newswire  - Feb 7, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...Walter D. Bay Sells 6600 Shares of Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Stock - Sports PerspectivesArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Adco General Corporation PR Newswire  - Jan 19, 2017 ITASCA, Ill., Jan. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  today announced the acquisition of Adco General Corporation , headquartered in Denver, Colorado.Arthur J. Gallagher Keeps Serial Deal Pace  - InvestopediaArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Position Raised by Palouse Capital Management Inc. - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS"BRIEF-Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co acquires Eagle Insurance Agency Llc Reuters - Jan 30, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p10
a.