(lp0
S'Align Technology taps GE Ventures CEO for board PE Hub   - 20 hours ago Align Technology Inc, a maker of dental treatment options for adults and teens, has named Susan E. Siegel to its board of directors.Align Technology  Appoints Susan E. Siegel to Board of Directors - StreetInsider.comSusan E. Siegel Joins Align Technology Board of Directors - Marketwired '
p1
aS"Align Technology Inc. Reports Record Revenue in Q4 Motley Fool - Jan 31, 2017 Align Technology  shareholders had plenty of reasons to be happy in 2016. The orthodontic-device maker's stock soared nearly 50% last year.Align Technology Announces Fourth Quarter and Year Ended 2016 Results - Yahoo FinanceAlign Technology Files Patent Infringement Lawsuit Against ClearCorrect and ... - Marketwired "
p2
aS'Align Technology Inc. Beats Q3 Expectations With Record Invisalign Volume Motley Fool - Nov 7, 2016 Align Technology appeared to execute well in the third quarter. Revenue and earnings increased even more than investors expected.Align Technology  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaAlign Technology  Beats on Q3 Earnings &amp; Revenues - Nasdaq'
p3
aS"International Sales Help Align Technology, Inc. in Q2 Motley Fool - Jul 29, 2016 Align Technology  shareholders had to smile at the company's first-quarter results. Driven in part by the solid numbers posted, Align's shares have been on a roll.Align Technology's  Joe Hogan on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaAlign Technology to Supply Non-Invisalign Clear Aligners to SmileDirectClub in ... - Yahoo Finance"
p4
aS'Align Technology Inc. Sees Clear Q1 Success With Invisalign Growth Motley Fool - Apr 29, 2016 Shares of Align Technology  have racked up nice gains of around 20% in the last 10 weeks. Continuation of that run was at stake, though, with the orthodontic-device maker announcing its first-quarter earnings results after the market ...Align Technology and 3Shape Announce New Workflow Integration Including Trios ... - Marketwired '
p5
aS'Align Technology Inc Price Volatility Hits A Rock Bottom Low CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Align Technology Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20 ...Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Invests $290000 in Align ... - BNB Daily Stock within investor Spotlight: Align Technology, Inc.  - Is stories'
p6
aS'Align Technology Announces Acquisition of Its Invisalign Distributor for the ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 SAN JOSE, CA-- - Align Technology, Inc.  today announced the acquisition of its distributor Align Technology Do Brasil LTDA.'
p7
aS'Align Technology Announces New Teen Solution With Introduction of Invisalign ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 6, 2017 SAN JOSE, CA-- - Align Technology, Inc.  today announced Invisalign Teen with mandibular advancement, the first clear aligner solution for Class II correction in growing tween and teen patients.'
p8
aS'After 5 Years Defying Shorts, Why Align Technology Is Finally Tapped Out Seeking Alpha - Jun 14, 2016 Align Technology, Inc.  was founded in March 1997. ALGN designs, manufactures and markets a system of clear aligner therapy as an aesthetically advantageous alternative to traditional wire-and-bracket braces used for orthodontia&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Align Technology Announces 2017 Research Award Program Marketwired  - Dec 5, 2016 SAN JOSE, CA-- - Align Technology, Inc.  today announced its Research Award Program for 2017 as part of the company's goal to support science and technology advancement of patient care within the&nbsp;..."
p10
a.