(lp0
S"Alexion To Cut 7 Percent Of Workforce, Setting Off Political Debate Hartford Courant - 20 hours ago Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc., a major player in Connecticut's fledgling bioscience industry, plans to lay off more than 200 employees in the coming weeks, a spokeswoman said Wednesday."
p1
aS"Jim Cramer Weighs In On Alexion Pharmaceuticals And Lowe's Companies Benzinga - Mar 8, 2017 On CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer said that Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is a takeover target, but he can't recommend it just on takeover basis.Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN ... - StockNewsJournalAlexion Pharma  Founder to Retire as Chairman and Board Member - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS"Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Bottom Line Advances 20% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 16, 2017  - Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  announced a profit for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 16 - Equities.comAlexion Pharma revenue forecast allays fears about Soliris' future - Reuters"
p3
aS"Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Dips 2.52% for March 14 Equities.com - Mar 14, 2017 Among the S&amp;P 500's biggest fallers on Tuesday March 14 was Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. . The stock experienced a 2.52% decline to $121.60 with 1.76 million shares changing hands.The Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Given a $208.00 Price Target by ... - Petro Global News 24Alexion Pharmaceuticals Cuts 7% of Workforce - TheStreet.com"
p4
aS'Orbimed Advisors Llc Buys Anthem, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Aetna, Sells ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 15, 2017 New York, NY, based Investment company Orbimed Advisors Llc buys Anthem, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Aetna, Humana, Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Pfizer, HCA Holdings, Eli Lilly and Co, Momenta Pharmaceuticals, sells WellCare Health Plans,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of life-transforming therapeutic products.'
p6
aS'Alexion: Weighing The Pros And Cons Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 The pioneering biotech Alexion  has released Q4 and full-year 2016 earnings and held a conference call that had both positives and negatives.'
p7
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc  CML News - 10 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p8
aS'Sector Gamma As Buys Shire PLC, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Vertex ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 3, 2017 Oslo, Q8, based Investment company Sector Gamma As buys Shire PLC, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Impax Laboratories, sells Biogen, Exelixis, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals during the 3-months ended&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Options Traders Alert: Covered Call reports for Alexion Pharmaceuticals ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in serving patients with severe and ultra-rare disorders through the development and commercialization of life-transforming therapeutic products.'
p10
a.