(lp0
S'Who Could Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ? Investorplace.com - 16 hours ago With its strong positive catalysts and leverage to high growth technologies, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  could very well follow in the footsteps of Mobileye NV  and become a takeover target.Intel, Advanced Micro Devices, Fate Therapeutics News Today - Schaeffers Research Is Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Stock Headed To $17 Next? - Amigobulls'
p1
aS"World's Smartest Billionaire Jim Simons Boosts Positions in Advanced Micro ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 14, 2017 According to recently-released 13F forms filed with the SEC, we can see that in Q4 the fund upped its Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Gilead Sciences, Inc.  positions but cut back its exposure to NVIDIA Corporation&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Company to grant Dr. Su an award of PRSUs and an award of RSUs in an effort to partially return Dr. Sus equity compensation to the level it was prior to the action to void and rescind the Voided Equity Awards.'
p3
aS"Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Popped Nearly 20% in February Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 AMD said its revenue hit $1.11 billion for the quarter, up 15% year over year, due to strong sales of the company's GPUs. Investors were also likely pleased to see the AMD's gross margin improve to 32%, a year-over-year increase of 2 percentage points.Top Analyst Boosts Price Target on Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , Sees ... - Smarter AnalystAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Stock Is MUCH More Than Ryzen - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS'Where Does AMD Go From Here? Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 AMD has virtually followed the same dramatic path of NVDA. Yet, both are in direct contrast to the lackluster performances of INTC and QCOM, which are their competitors.'
p5
aS"Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Ready to Score with Its Best Server Product ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 9, 2017 In terms of foreboding, tech players Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Snap Inc  have certainly raised a fair share of eyebrows out on the Street, between AMD's Ryzen facing tough appraisal and Snap's daily plunge further and&nbsp;...AMD Ryzen Windows 10 Scheduler Bug Problems Update: Company Clears Windows 10 ... - Christian Post"
p6
aS"Advanced Micro Devices Stock Falls Following Poor Review Of Ryzen 7 Benzinga - Mar 2, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  shares are trading lower by $0.55  at $14.41 in Thursday's session.Analysts Give Competitive Advantage to Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and ... - Smarter Analyst"
p7
aS"Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Announces Collaboration with Microsoft ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 8, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  announced their collaboration with Microsoft to incorporate the cloud delivery features of AMD's next-generation Naples processor with Microsoft's Project Olympus - Microsoft's next-generation hyperscale&nbsp;...AMD Collaborates with Microsoft to Advance Open Source Cloud Hardware - Marketwired "
p8
aS"The Hype Surrounding Advanced Micro Device's Ryzen Product Launch Benzinga - Feb 27, 2017 Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , which had a torrid run after 2006, began to turn the corner in early 2016.Christopher Lord's Top Q4 Trades: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , Facebook ... - Smarter AnalystUp 620%, What's Happening With Advanced Micro Devices Stock? - Motley Fool"
p9
aS'Ken Heebner Bets on Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and NVIDIA Corporation ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 7, 2017 Due to recently released 13F forms filed with the SEC, we can now see that the fund ramped up its holdings in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and NVIDIA Corporation  but cut back its substantial Micron Technology, Inc.'
p10
a.