(lp0
S'Amedisys to Present at the 27th Annual Oppenheimer Healthcare Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2017 BATON ROUGE, La., March 13, 2017  -- Amedisys, Inc.  today announced that Paul B. Kusserow, President and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the 27th Annual Oppenheimer Healthcare Conference in New York&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Marlborough-based Tenet home health business to be acquired Worcester Business Journal - Mar 1, 2017 Louisiana-based Amedisys Inc. has signed an agreement to acquire Tenet Healthcare's home health and hospice operations in Massachusetts and three other states, according to a company statement issued Wednesday.Amedisys Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Six Home Health and Hospice ... - GlobeNewswire Amedisys Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Financial Results - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Amedisys Brings In Christopher Gerard As New Chief Operating Officer GlobeNewswire  - Nov 4, 2016 BATON ROUGE, La., Nov. 04, 2016  -- Amedisys, Inc. , a leading home health, hospice and personal care company, announced today that industry leader Christopher Gerard will join the Company as Chief Operating&nbsp;...AMEDISYS'  CEO Paul Kusserow on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaAmedisys reports third-quarter profit, announces new chief operating officer - The Advocate"
p3
aS'Amedisys Welcomes David Mikula as Chief Development Officer GlobeNewswire  - Jan 30, 2017 BATON ROUGE, La., Jan. 30, 2017  -- Amedisys, Inc. , a leading home health, hospice and personal care company, announced today that David Mikula will join the Company as Chief Development Officer, effective&nbsp;...Amedisys Taps Former Kindred Exec to Lead Development Efforts - Home Health Care NewsAmedisys adds C-level exec to downtown office - Nashville Post '
p4
aS"Louisiana health giant Amedisys acquires second Mass. home health firm Boston Business Journal  - Aug 1, 2016 One of the nation's largest publicly traded home health and hospice providers has acquired a second Massachusetts senior care business, with Louisiana-based Amedisys Inc. acquiring Danvers-based Professional Profiles Inc. in a $4.4 million deal. The ...Amedisys Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Professional Profiles, Inc. - GlobeNewswire Amedisys Expands Private Duty Footprint With $4.4 Million Acquisition - Home Health Care News"
p5
aS'Analyst Sentiment Outlines Long Term Upside for Amedisys, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 7 hours ago Amedisys, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.Stock Returns: Amedisys Inc  versus BioScrip Inc  - CML NewsMean Price Target Of Amedisys Inc  At $54.44 - Equities Focus'
p6
aS'Amedisys Unveils Heart Failure Program During American Heart Month GlobeNewswire  - Feb 1, 2017 Amedisys, Inc. is a leading healthcare at home Company delivering personalized home health, hospice and personal care.'
p7
aS"Amedisys Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Home Staff, LLC GlobeNewswire  - Dec 19, 2016 BATON ROUGE, La., Dec. 19, 2016  -- Amedisys, Inc. , one of the nation's leading home health care and hospice companies, today announced that its subsidiary, Associated Home Care, has signed a definitive&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Fmr LLC Sells 400000 Shares of Amedisys Inc  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Amedisys logo Fmr LLC decreased its position in shares of Amedisys Inc  by 15.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.The Brokerages Set Amedisys Inc  PT at $54.14 - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'AMEDISYS, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial ... Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 Amedisys, Inc.  is a provider of home health and hospice services. The Company offers home health services to the chronic, co-morbid, aging American population.Amedisys Inc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.comAmedisys Inc  Given New $50.00 Price Target at Mizuho - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.