(lp0
S'Envision Healthcare Enters Definitive Agreement to Acquire Imaging Advantage Business Wire  - Mar 7, 2017 BUSINESS WIRE)--Envision Healthcare Corporation  has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Imaging Advantage LLC, a provider of comprehensive radiology services including hospital-based, outpatient and remote-reading services&nbsp;...Nashville health care company buys California firm - Nashville Business JournalEnvision Healthcare to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference on ... - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'Digging Up the Facts on Envision Healthcare Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Envision Healthcare Corporation  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Long-Term Care Facilities.Sales Growth Analysis: Envision Healthcare Corporation , News ... - USA Commerce DailyThe Envision Healthcare Co.  Director John Thomas Gawaluck Buys 1500 Shares - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Envision to Merge With AmSurg to Create Health Services Giant Bloomberg - Jun 15, 2016 Envision Healthcare Holdings Inc. and AmSurg Corp. agreed to merge in an all-stock deal that will create a super-sized U.S.Envision Healthcare and AMSURG Announce Transformational Merger - Business Wire '
p3
aS'Nashville health care company buys Santa Monica firm L.A. Biz - Mar 7, 2017 Envision Healthcare Corp., the company that was formed late last year by the merger of Nashville-based AmSurg Corp. and Colorado-based Envision Healthcare Holdings Inc., has announced a deal to buy a California firm.'
p4
aS'Envision Healthcare Acquires Sunshine Radiology in Tampa Bay Business Wire  - Jan 4, 2017 NASHVILLE, Tenn. &amp; GREENWOOD VILLAGE, Colo.----The Physician Services business of Envision Healthcare Corporation  has completed the acquisition of a hospital-based radiology physician group practice that&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Envision Healthcare  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Good day, everyone, and welcome to Envision Healthcare Corporation Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting today through March 10, 2017.Envision Healthcare reports 4Q loss - Yahoo FinanceEnvision Healthcare Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results - Business Wire "
p6
aS"Traders Secrets on Envision Healthcare Corporation , Chimera Investment ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Envision Healthcare Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.04 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Envision Healthcare completes merger with AmSurg, creates $10B company Denver Business Journal - Dec 2, 2016 Colorado-based Envision Healthcare Holdings Inc. on Thursday completed its merger with another large health-care services provider, AmSurg Corp.Envision Healthcare joins S&amp;P 500 post merger - Becker's Hospital Review"
p8
aS"What are Analyst's Indicators for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. , Envision ... The USA Commerce - 21 hours ago Shares of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  surged 0.43% to $20.78. During the trading on 03/14/2017, Company's stock ranged from $20.50 to $20.88."
p9
aS"Why to Keeping Eye on Platform Specialty Products Corporation , Envision ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Envision Healthcare Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.04, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p10
a.