(lp0
S"American Software Board of Directors Elect H. Allan Dow as New President Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 American Software, Inc.  announced today that J. Michael Edenfield, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, has taken a medical leave of absence from the Company and that H. Allan Dow, the President of the Company's Logility&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'AMERICAN SOFTWARE, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 The SCM segment consists of Logility, Inc. and its subsidiary, Demand Management, Inc. , both of which provide supply chain and retail planning solutions to trading partners.'
p2
aS"Option Market: American Software Inc Risk Hits A Substantially Lowered Level CML News - 18 hours ago We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for American Software Inc&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'American Software Inc. Class A Common Stock  Moves Lower on Volume ... Equities.com - Feb 27, 2017 American Software Inc. Class A Common Stock  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 27, as the stock lost 1.86% to close at $10.53.American Software, Inc.  Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations ... - Chaffey BreezeAmerican Software, Inc.  to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share, B ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"BRIEF-American Software says H. Allan Dow is co's new president Reuters - Jul 2, 2015 March 4 American Software Inc. * American Software board of directors elect h. Allan dow as new president. * American Software Inc - J. Michael Edenfield, president and chief executive officer of company, has taken a medical leave of absence Source ..."
p5
aS"American Software Reports Preliminary Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 Results Business Wire  - Dec 1, 2016 ... $4.4 million for the acquisition of AdapChain, Inc. The second quarter results were below our expectations. However, we remain optimistic about our overall fiscal year 2017 performance, stated Mike Edenfield, president and CEO of American Software.American Software's  CEO Mike Edenfield on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"American Software Inc.: AMERICAN SOFTWARE'S BOARD APPROVES THE QUARTERLY CASH ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 14, 2017 ATLANTA, GA  - American Software, Inc.  today announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of  per share, The dividend is payable to the Class A and Class B Common Shareholders of&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"American Software Inc.  Given Buy Rating at B. Riley Petro Global News 24 - Mar 12, 2017 American Software Inc. 's stock had its buy rating reissued by analysts at B. Riley in a research note issued to investors on Friday."
p8
aS'Option Trading: American Software Inc  Powerful Short Put ... CML News - Mar 9, 2017 We find a very powerful outcome examining short put spreads for American Software Inc when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p9
aS'Royce &amp; Associates LP Continues to Hold Stake in American Software, Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 7, 2017 American Software logo Royce &amp; Associates LP held its position in shares of American Software, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p10
a.