(lp0
S"Could Amazon.com, Inc.  Become an Airline? Investorplace.com - 19 hours ago I remember the late 1990's, when Amazon.com, Inc.  became a momentum stock and it has never looked back."
p1
aS'Amazon Is Winning The AI Race Seeking Alpha - 18 hours ago Sales of the Alexa family of devices were up 9X year over year during the 2016 holiday season. Skills on the Alexa platform grew 10X from June 2016 to February 2017 .'
p2
aS'Amazon Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago Amazon  is ready to do to the local liquor store what it did to the local book store. It is rolling out free beer and wine 2-hour delivery and $7.99 1-hour delivery for Prime Now members, starting in Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio.Amazon debuts beer and wine delivery in Columbus - Columbus Business FirstYou never need to leave the house as Amazon expands alcohol delivery to Cincinnati - Cincinnati Business Courier'
p3
aS"Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Microsoft Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 They're Amazon.com  and Microsoft . And they're vastly different companies in terms of their core operational focuses, their recent histories, and their cultures."
p4
aS'Amazon Plans Air Cargo Service for Chinese Customers Wall Street Journal  - Mar 15, 2017 Amazon.com Inc. has developed a business to handle shipments for its sellers by land and by seaand soon by air. The Seattle-based retail giant is planning to offer its sellers in China the ability to fly their goods internationally as air cargo ...'
p5
aS'A beer run for Amazon Seeking Alpha - 20 hours ago Amazon  continues to loom large over the retail sector, with new initiatives popping up almost every week. The latest announcement from the e-commerce giant is the introduction of one-hour  and two-hour  delivery of alcohol to&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Can Oracle Keep Up Its Cloud Revenue Growth In The Third Quarter? Benzinga - 18 hours ago Oracle has made it very clear that Infrastructure as a Service, the cloud market that has so far been dominated by Amazon.com, Inc.  Web Services and Microsoft, is going to be a big focus for the company in the future. In 2016 at the ...'
p7
aS"Get Free Delivery in Amazon.com, Inc.  Stock Profits Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc.  is a fierce competitor among not just tech giants, but the entire market. Its vast diversification has not yet been a distraction to its management, and it's impressive how Amazon dominates in almost every arena it enters.Ithaka Group LLC Cuts Stake in Amazon.com, Inc.  - BNB Daily The Ardevora Asset Management LLP Cuts Position in Amazon.com, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24"
p8
aS'Better Buy: Baidu Inc. vs. Amazon.com Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 Baidu  and Amazon.com  have both been very profitable plays for long-term shareholders. Shares of Baidu have risen 1,480% over the past ten years, while shares of Amazon have surged 2,050%.'
p9
aS"Is Amazon.com, Inc.  Eyeing the Indian Grocery Market Next? Investorplace.com - Mar 12, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc.  is gearing up to be a major retailer in the rapidly growing Indian grocery market. Apart from being a prominent e-commerce platform provider, the company is planning to open brick-and-mortar stores in the country.Amazon.com, Inc.'s  Role as E-Commerce Leader Just Getting Stronger - Smarter AnalystInvestec Asset Management North America Inc. Takes Position in Amazon.com, Inc ... - BNB Daily "
p10
a.