(lp0
S'Shareholders Approve Access National Corporation Merger With Middleburg ... PR Newswire  - 19 hours ago RESTON, Va. and MIDDLEBURG, Va., March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- At separate special meetings today, shareholders of both Access National Corporation  and Middleburg Financial Corporation  approved the agreement pursuant&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Access National Corporation and Middleburg Financial Corporation Announce ... PR Newswire  - Oct 24, 2016 RESTON, Va. and MIDDLEBURG, Va., Oct. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Access National Corporation   and Middleburg Financial Corporation   today announced the signing of a definitive&nbsp;...Access National, Middleburg Financial announce merger - Washington Business JournalMiddleburg Bank, Access National Announce Merger - Loudoun Now'
p2
aS'Shorting Overbaked Access National Corporation SmallCap Network - Dec 30, 2016 Founded in 1999, small cap Access National Corporation is the parent of Access National Bank, a commercial bank serving middle market businesses and associated professionals throughout the Washington D.C.'
p3
aS'Access National Corporation: Access National Bank Extends Its 15-Year ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 9, 2017 RESTON, Va.---- Access National Bank iscommitted to making a positive difference in the community and is proud to announce its continued support of and long-time partnership with Brain Injury Services  in the form of a $25,000&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Access National Appoints Mark Moore President of Bank Business Wire  - Jun 2, 2016 RESTON, Va.----Access National Corporation  , announced today that Mark Moore has been appointed President of its primary subsidiary, Access National Bank.'
p5
aS'Mark Moore Named President of Access National Bank WashingtonExec - Jun 8, 2016 Access National Corporation announced June 2 the appointment of Mark Moore as President of its primary subsidiary, Access National Bank, effective June 23, 2016.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Ameris Bancorp  is Beating Access National ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Ameris Bancorp  versus Access National Corporation  .'
p7
aS"BRIEF-Shareholders approve Access National Corp's merger with Middleburg ... Reuters - Feb 6, 2017 March 15 Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Wednesday: RUSSIA A key Republican lawmaker says he does not believe the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower during the 2016 election campaign, adding to&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Access National Corporation  versus C&amp;F Financial ... CML News - Feb 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Access National Corporation  versus C&amp;F Financial Corporation  .Access National Corporation  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: CoBiz Financial Inc  is Beating Access National ... CML News - Feb 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Access National Corporation  versus CoBiz Financial Inc  .Access National Corporation  Given Average Rating of Buy by Analysts - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.