(lp0
S"How Does the Chart Look for Apache Corporation ? The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Apache Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p1
aS"Traders Secrets on Texas Instruments Incorporated , Apache Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Apache Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -6.01, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p2
aS'Apache Corp. - Too Early To Judge Alpine High Results Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Wells drilled so far are &quot;over-pressured,&quot; which means they will produce oil as gas easier than other wells. Overall, the results at this time should be considered good, but not great.'
p3
aS"Apache Corporation  Dips 2.94% for February 14 Equities.com - Feb 14, 2017 Among the S&amp;P 500's biggest fallers on Tuesday February 14 was Apache Corporation . The stock experienced a 2.94% decline to $55.50 with 7.43 million shares changing hands.Stock under Consideration: Apache Corp.  - TopChronicleBuy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Macy's, Inc. , Apache Corporation ... - StockNewsJournal"
p4
aS'Lookout for Price Target? Apache Corporation , Abbott Laboratories  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Apache Corporation  have shown a high EPS growth of -18.30% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 87.40% yoy.Shares of Apache Corporation  Sees Large Outflow of Money - Energy IndexPrice Reaction History Under Analysts Radar: Apache Corporation  - Post Registrar'
p5
aS"Analyst Downgrades  Apache Corporation  Stock Gets Downgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 Today, Apache Corporation  stock was downgraded by Barclays PLC from Equal Weight to Underweight with a price target of $50.00.Apache downgraded at Barclays on reduced oil growth view - Seeking AlphaAverage Brokerage Rating Of McDonald's Corporation , Apache Corporation  - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'Apache Is Selling At A Discount - Wait Or Plunge In? Seeking Alpha - Mar 4, 2017 Apache Corporation  did set itself up for some failure when it announced the potential its discovery at Alpine High represented, with the market rewarding it for the growth possibilities in the years ahead.'
p7
aS"Ruling stocks in today's market: Apache Corporation  The News Journal - 9 hours ago Apache Corporation , from the Basic Materials sector exhibited a worth of $ 50.33 today, demonstrating a change in price of 0.34%."
p8
aS"Oil and gas producer Apache Corporation  generated strong levels of ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 Apache benefits from having a decent financial health. The company had high levels of debt of $8.65 billion, which translated into a total debt to equity ratio of 138.7%, higher than the industry's average of 83.9%, as per data from Thomson Reuters ..."
p9
aS'Apache says Alpine High discovery, despite skeptics, has even greater potential Houston Chronicle - Feb 24, 2017 The Alpine High oil and gas field, touted by Houston-based Apache Corp. as a major find, has greater potential than the company initially reported despite disappointing early production results, CEO John Christmann IV assured shareholders Thursday.Apache Corporation: Apache Corporation announces fourth-quarter and full-year ... - The Wall Street Transcript'
p10
a.