(lp0
S'American Pacific Corporation To Be Acquired By HIG PR Newswire  - Jan 10, 2014 10, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- American Pacific Corporation   today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to be acquired by investment funds managed by H.I.San Francisco investment firm buying American Pacific Corp. - Las Vegas Review-JournalWhy American Pacific Corp  is Exploding on Friday - TheStreet.com'
p1
aS'Huntsman Family Investments to Acquire American Pacific Corporation Specialty ... PR Newswire  - Nov 16, 2015 SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Huntsman Family Investments and its affiliates  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire American Pacific Corporation Specialty Chemicals (the &quot;Company&quot; or&nbsp;...Jon Huntsman Sr. Returns to Private Equity with Rocket Fuel Deal - Fortune'
p2
aS'Huntsman to buy American Pacific Corporation Specialty Chemicals from HIG Chemicals Technology - Nov 17, 2015 US-based private equity farm Huntsman Family Investments and its affiliates have entered into an agreement to buy American Pacific Corporation Specialty Chemicals from HIG Capital for an undisclosed amount. American Pacific Corporation Specialty&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'DataVerify Announces Adoption of its DRIVE Verification Platform by American ... Business Wire  - Dec 1, 2016 LOUIS----DataVerify, a leading provider of risk mitigation services, is pleased to announce the adoption of their DRIVE platform by American Pacific Mortgage Corporation , a top ten mortgage banker in the western United States.'
p4
aS'American Pacific Mortgage Announces 20th Anniversary PR Web  - Dec 7, 2016 &quot;Since 1996, the mortgage industry and our company have gone through a lot of regulatory changes ... One thing that has never changed is our unwavering commitment to support our branch managers and loan officers.'
p5
aS'American Pacific Mortgage Corporation promotes Michael Pankow to Executive ... PR Web  - Feb 7, 2017 American Pacific Mortgage Corporation , a top-15 independent mortgage bank, has promoted Michael Pankow to Executive Vice President of National Production.'
p6
aS"FEC Commissioner Wants Help Getting Foreign Money Out of US Elections The Intercept - Aug 19, 2016 In her proposal to rescind those opinions, Ravel cited The Intercept's recent reporting about American Pacific International Capital, a California corporation owned by Chinese citizens which - thanks to Citizens United and that FEC opinion - was able ..."
p7
aS'American Pacific Mortgage arrives in Sandpoint Bonner County Daily Bee - Feb 9, 2017 American Pacific Mortgage Corporation is celebrating its 20th year as a leading mortgage banking company in the western United States.'
p8
aS"Trader's Buzzers: Union Pacific Corporation , Reynolds American Inc ... TRA - Mar 9, 2017 Union Pacific Corporation  ended its previous trading session at $106.71 with the Loss of -1.52%. The company's market cap is $86.86 Billion, and the average volume is $3.74 Million."
p9
aS"Rebounding Coal Bodes Well for Railroads: Here's Why Nasdaq - 10 hours ago In fact, Moody's Investor Service, the rating services arm of Moody's Corporation raised its outlook for the North American Coal Industry from negative to stable in November, last year. Moreover, the ... NSC , CSX Corp and Union Pacific Corp. UNP have ..."
p10
a.