(lp0
S'Investor Consortium Completes Acquisition of Apollo Education Group, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 1, 2017 Apollo Education Group, Inc. today announced the completion of its acquisition by a consortium of investors including The Vistria Group, LLC and funds affiliated with Apollo Global Management, LLC.'
p1
aS"University of Phoenix parent Apollo Education starts new chapter as private firm AZCentral.com - Feb 6, 2017 1 around $10 a share, the price paid to shareholders as a result of the company's $1.1 billion acquisition by an investor consortium headed by the Vistria Group and Apollo Global Management, an unrelated company. Apollo Education's shareholders&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Why Apollo Education Group Inc. Jumped Today Motley Fool - May 2, 2016 What: Shares of Apollo Education Group  jumped on Monday following news that Apollo Global Management  had increased its bid for the company. At 3 p.m. ET, shares of Apollo Education were up about 11%, while shares of&nbsp;...Apollo Education Merger Likely To Be Shelved Even With Increased Offer - Seeking AlphaApollo Global Management Boosts Bid for Apollo Education Takeover - Wall Street Journal'
p3
aS'University of Phoenix Parent Apollo Education to Be Taken Private Wall Street Journal - Feb 8, 2016 Private-equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC agreed Monday to buy Apollo Education Group Inc. for about $1.1 billion, betting there is still a future for the beleaguered for-profit college industry despite years of regulatory scrutiny and ...Apollo Education Group, Inc. to Be Taken Private in $1.1 Billion Transaction - Business Wire Why Shares of Apollo Education Group Inc. Jumped Today - Motley Fool'
p4
aS'Apollo Education Group Inc  Privatization Deal Runs Into Hurdles Market Exclusive - Dec 9, 2016 The buyout deal Apollo Education Group Inc  inked with a group of investors led by Apollo Global Management LLC  has run into obstacles.US Dept of Education conditions may threaten Apollo Education takeover - ReutersDepartment of Education Requires Letter of Credit for Apollo Education ... - Wall Street Journal'
p5
aS'Apollo Education Group Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement to be Acquired by ... Yahoo Finance UK - May 6, 2016 Apollo Education Group, Inc.  today announced that its shareholders have approved the merger agreement for the proposed acquisition by a consortium of investors, including The Vistria Group, LLC, funds affiliated with Apollo Global Management,&nbsp;...Apollo Education Holders Approve Bid From Apollo Global - BloombergApollo Education Shareholders Approve $1.14 Billion Buyout - Wall Street Journal'
p6
aS"Multiple Ways To Win A Bet On Apollo Education Group Seeking Alpha - Apr 20, 2016 Apollo Education Group, Inc.  is one of the world's largest private education providers, serving students since 1973."
p7
aS'Apollo Education: Take The Money And Run Seeking Alpha - May 22, 2016 I admit, I had a fun run with Apollo Education Group . I spent most of last year ... Then I took a long position, mostly as a trade, in January after the Wall Street Journal reported the company was in talks to sell itself to Apollo Global ...Students may get easier path to sue University of Phoenix - Phoenix Business Journal '
p8
aS'Apollo Education Group, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Dec 21, 2016 Apollo Education Group, Inc. is an education provider. The Company offers undergraduate, graduate, certificate and no degree educational programs and services, online and on-campus, to working adults in the United States and abroad through University ...'
p9
aS'BRIEF-Apollo Education Group says terminated employment of president of Apollo ... Reuters - Jan 23, 2017 ... * Apollo Education Group - on Jan 17, employment of Curtis M. Uehlein, president of Apollo Global was terminated, effective as of february 3, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:&nbsp;...'
p10
a.