(lp0
S'Apricus Biosciences, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Apricus Biosciences, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company, which develops pharmaceutical products. The Company primarily focuses on the development and commercialization of products and product candidates in the areas of urology and rheumatology.Apricus Biosciences Inc  Releases Corporate Update - StockNewsUnionApricus Biosciences Provides Corporate Update, Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS"Apricus Biosciences Announces Corporate Update, Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 9, 2017 SAN DIEGO, March 09, 2017  -- Apricus Biosciences, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company advancing innovative medicines in urology and rheumatology, today announced that the Company's fourth quarter and full year&nbsp;...Thursday's Market Insights: Apricus Biosciences Inc , VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS ... - Smarter Analyst3 Stocks to Watch on Thursday: Snap Inc. , Apricus Biosciences Inc (APRI ... - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS'Apricus Biosciences to Present at the 19th Annual BIO CEO &amp; Investor Conference GlobeNewswire  - Feb 8, 2017 SAN DIEGO, Feb. 08, 2017  -- Apricus Biosciences, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company advancing innovative medicines in urology and rheumatology, today announced that Richard Pascoe, Chief Executive Officer, will&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Apricus Biosciences Inc  Looks Cheap, Even With Recent Gains Insider Financial - Jan 20, 2017 Throughout the majority of the final month last year, Apricus Biosciences Inc  struggled to get above the $1.50 mark.Apricus Biosciences Inc  Stock Scores Win on Vitaros Approval - Investorplace.com'
p4
aS"Apricus Biosciences'  CEO Rich Pascoe on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Apricus Biosciences Inc. Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded."
p5
aS"Wednesday's Market Insights: CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc , Apricus ... Smarter Analyst - Jan 18, 2017 Apricus Biosciences Inc  shares skyrocketed over 140% this morning after Mexico granted Apricus` commercialization partner, Ferring Pharmaceuticals, market approval for Vitaros, an on-demand topical cream for erectile dysfunction."
p6
aS'Reverse Stock Split: Apricus Bio Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 Apricus Bio completed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split on 24 October. Reverse stock splits are normally a sign of blood in the water.'
p7
aS"Stock Update : Here's Why Apricus Biosciences Inc Shares Are Set ... Smarter Analyst - Nov 18, 2016 apri Apricus Biosciences Inc  shares are set to slump following the announcement that the drug maker has received feedback in response to its previously announced Type B Meeting request to the FDA.Apricus Biosciences Aims to Resubmit Vitaros NDA in 2017 - Zacks.com"
p8
aS"Apricus Biosciences Announces Completion of Transfer of the Marketing ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 20, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Sept. 20, 2016  -- Apricus Biosciences, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company advancing innovative medicines in urology and rheumatology, today announced that Ferring Pharmaceuticals, the Company's new&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'BRIEF-Apricus Biosciences announces approval of Vitaros Reuters - Jan 18, 2017 COPENHAGEN, Feb 10 Danish wind turbine maker Vestas Wind Systems has leapt to the top spot in the U.S. wind market, overtaking General Electric, data from a wind industry trade group shows.'
p10
a.