(lp0
S'American Spectrum Realty in hot water over bankruptcy filing Houston Business Journal - Mar 24, 2015 Troubles have been piling up for Houston-based American Spectrum Realty Inc. . The company, which owns and manages self-storage facilities and assisted living centers in Texas and California, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in Texas on&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"American Spectrum Attys Duck Fines For Surprise Ch. 11 Law360  - Mar 19, 2015 Law360, New York  -- The general counsel and outside attorney for Houston-based American Spectrum Realty Inc. avoided a judge's threat of contempt on Thursday for filing a Chapter 11 case in Texas five weeks after creditors&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Self-Storage Operator American Spectrum Realty Undergoing Bankruptcy Proceedings Inside Self-Storage - Mar 25, 2015 American Spectrum Realty Inc., a real estate investment-management company that operates self-storage facilities under the 1st American Storage brand, recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in Texas, while the firm is also in the middle of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Houston real estate investment company files bankruptcy to keep limited ... Houston Business Journal  - Nov 10, 2014 The bankruptcy, filed on Sept. 30, is strategic, said James Hurn, general counsel for American Spectrum. Just as the real estate investment company was looking toward a sale of the Fountainview property, the limited partner sought to exert influence ...'
p4
aS'American Spectrum Realty and its former president likely to face off in court Houston Business Journal  - Jul 25, 2014 After a year of back and forth in Harris County District Court, a Houston-based real estate investment company and its former president may have their day in court over claims of &quot;improperly acquiring trade secrets&quot; and &quot;misappropriation of over $1.8 ...'
p5
aS'American Spectrum Realty, Inc. Subsidiary Enters into Advisory Agreement with ... Business Wire  - Oct 28, 2009 HOUSTON----American Spectrum Realty, Inc.  , a real estate investment and management company, headquartered in Houston, Texas, announced today that: Evergreen Realty REIT, Inc., a Virginia&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Claiming bad oversight, ex-rep urges investors reject REIT offer InvestmentNews - Jul 25, 2014 William J. Carden, the president, chairman and chief executive of American Spectrum Realty, the company that manages American Spectrum REIT I, is the only current board member of the REIT. Mr. Carden is also president of the REIT's adviser. He did not&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'American Spectrum Recognizes a $5.0 Million Gain Before Income Tax Expense on ... Business Wire  - Apr 4, 2012 HOUSTON----American Spectrum Realty, Inc.  , a real estate investment, management and leasing company headquartered in Houston, Texas is pleased to announce the completed sale of three&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Regulators have an uphill battle to bring transparency to illiquid investments InvestmentNews - Feb 7, 2014 It was formerly dubbed the Evergreen Realty REIT Inc. but changed its name in 2010 to American Spectrum REIT I after American Spectrum Realty acquired the property management and asset management contracts held by Evergreen Realty Group and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Is Texas the new California? Dallas Morning News - Dec 9, 2015 Note: The Texas totals of jobs and investments from California companies are conservative estimates because so few companies provided that data.'
p10
a.