(lp0
S'Cobham Buys Aeroflex in $920 Million Deal Wall Street Journal - May 20, 2014 LONDONU.K. defense and aerospace firm company Cobham PLC said Tuesday it would buy U.S. wireless communications firm Aeroflex Holding Corp to boost its exposure to a fast-growing commercial customer base at a time when military spending,&nbsp;...Aeroflex To Be Acquired by Cobham plc For Approximately $1.46 Billion - Business Wire Why Aeroflex  Stock Is Surging This Morning - TheStreet.com'
p1
aS'Aeroflex Holding Corp. Stockholders Approve Merger Agreement with Cobham plc Business Wire  - Sep 10, 2014 PLAINVIEW, N.Y.----Aeroflex Holding Corp.  , a leading global provider of high performance microelectronic components and test and measurement equipment, announced that, at a special meeting of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'ATTENTION FORMER AEROFLEX HOLDING CORP. STOCKHOLDERS  The Weiser Law Firm, PC ... Business Wire  - Nov 30, 2015 BERWYN, Pa.----On September 12, 2014, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 19, 2014 , Army Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cobham, plc, merged with and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Aeroflex Announces the Sale of Aeroflex Test Equipment Services EON: Enhanced Online News  - Sep 5, 2013 PLAINVIEW, N.Y.----Aeroflex Holding Corp.  , a leading global provider of high performance microelectronic components, and test and measurement equipment, today announced the sale of its Aeroflex Test&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Aeroflex Announces New Vice President and COO for Aeroflex Microelectronic ... EON: Enhanced Online News  - Aug 21, 2013 PLAINVIEW, N.Y.----Aeroflex Incorporated , a wholly owned subsidiary of Aeroflex Holding Corp. , today announced the appointment of Rafi Albarian to the newly created role of Vice President &amp; Chief Operating&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Aeroflex, Shareholders Strike Deal Over $1.5B Cobham Merger Law360  - Aug 21, 2014 Law360, Wilmington  -- The putative class of shareholders suing private equity-controlled Aeroflex Holding Corp. over a proposed $1.46 billion acquisition of the communication equipment supplier by British defense&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Aeroflex Significantly Reduces LTE Mobile Test Times For Service Centers RF Globalnet  - Feb 7, 2014 Aeroflex Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aeroflex Holding Corp. recently announced that the latest upgrade to its Lector software provides dramatic improvements in the speed of mobile device RF tests in service centers.'
p7
aS'Aeroflex TM500 Test Mobile Platform Demonstrates Live LTE To WiFi Offload Handover RF Globalnet  - Feb 25, 2014 Aeroflex Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Aeroflex Holding Corp., announced recently that it will demonstrate at Mobile World Congress a system for testing the offload of live data calls between LTE and Wi-Fi.'
p8
aS'Peppercorn of consideration no longer sufficient to support an M&amp;A settlement Lexology  - Aug 5, 2015 In Acevedo v. Aeroflex Holding Corp. , the Delaware Court of Chancery intentionally departed from the long-developing trend of M&amp;A litigation settlements based only on merger agreement modifications and/or supplemental disclosures.'
p9
aS'Cobham profit warning forces emergency rights issue, shares sink Reuters UK - Apr 26, 2016 Cobham made its name in aerial refuelling gear for military customers but in 2014 bought communications equipment maker Aeroflex, which serves the wireless, space, medical and microelectronics industries, to gain more exposure to commercial customers&nbsp;...'
p10
a.