(lp0
S'First Merchants Completes Merger with Ameriana Bancorp Inside Indiana Business - Jan 4, 2016 Muncie-based First Merchants Corp.  has completed its merger with New Castle-based Ameriana Bancorp .'
p1
aS'First Merchants Corporation and Ameriana Bancorp Announce the Signing of a ... Business Wire  - Jun 29, 2015 MUNCIE, Ind. &amp; NEW CASTLE, Ind.----First Merchants Corporation  and Ameriana Bancorp  today announced they have executed a definitive agreement whereby Ameriana Bancorp will merge with and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Activist scores big with Ameriana-First Merchants bank merger Indianapolis Business Journal - Oct 3, 2015 Ameriana Bancorp would be an easy bank to overlook. It has just $481 million in assets and 14 branches, and its headquarters is tucked away in the Henry County seat of New Castle.'
p3
aS'After legal delay, First Merchants set to close Ameriana buyout Indianapolis Business Journal - Dec 31, 2015 Muncie-based First Merchants Corp. is set to close its $69 million acquisition of New Castle-based Ameriana Bancorp, officials said, just a few weeks after two shareholder lawsuits opposing the deal were dropped.'
p4
aS'Oakland City, Poseyville Projects Receive Boost Inside INdiana Business - Feb 28, 2017 Two projects in southwest Indiana have received approval from the Indiana Economic Development Corp. through the Regional Cities Initiative.'
p5
aS'Lyft Grows Indiana Footprint Inside INdiana Business - Feb 24, 2017 Four Directors Returning to Ameriana Board. New Castle-based Ameriana Bancorp  has re-elected four directors.'
p6
aS"Danny Danielson, City Securities exec and IU trustee, dies at 95 Indianapolis Star - May 7, 2015 ... served as chairman of the Walther Cancer Foundation in Indianapolis, sat on the board of governors for the Riley Children's Foundation, chaired the Fellowship of Christian Athletes' national board and served as a director of New Castle's Ameriana ..."
p7
aS'Location Determined For New Vigo County Jail Inside INdiana Business - Feb 14, 2017 The Vigo County Commissioners have announced the location for a new Vigo County Jail. The facility, the cost for which is yet to be determined, will be housed on the former International Paper property.'
p8
aS'The 10 Smallest Cap Stocks With the Largest Institutional Investment Minyanville.com - Sep 26, 2012 Torch Energy Royalty Trust  tops the list with a majority of the company owned by institutional investors, but Ameriana Bancorp  had the highest return at 63.64%. PRINT. MINYANVILLE ORIGINAL Torch Energy Royalty Trust&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Community Health Network Names Executive Director Inside INdiana Business - Dec 22, 2016 Community Health Network has named Jim Hart executive director for Community Cancer Center North. He joined Community in 2013 and most recently served as director of oncology pharmacy and provided interim operational leadership at Community&nbsp;...'
p10
a.