(lp0
S"Engineering contractor WS Atkins jumps 7% on reports of possible US$4bn merger Proactive Investors UK - Jan 30, 2017 Engineering and consultancy firm WS Atkins PLC  was the top FTSE 250 gainer today, jumping 7% higher after a media report said the group had been approached about a possible US$4bn merger.CH2M approaches Britain's WS Atkins for $4 billion merger: Times - ReutersShares in British engineering group WS Atkins rally on merger talk - Reuters UK"
p1
aS"Is it time to buy QinetiQ plc and WS Atkins plc after big profit rises? Motley Fool UK - Nov 17, 2016 I see engineering as a quintessential part of Britain's industrial heritage, and it's pained me to see companies in that sector suffering over the past few years of economic squeeze."
p2
aS'3 surprisingly cheap stocks: AstraZeneca plc, Darty plc and WS Atkins plc Motley Fool UK - Jun 16, 2016 Also trading on a discounted valuation are shares in WS Atkins . The engineering and project management company today announced its full-year results, with its top line rising by 6% and underlying earnings being up 10.5% on a per share basis.'
p3
aS'Ws Atkins plc sells Polish business in 2.8m deal The Journal - Aug 18, 2014 Prof Dr Uwe Krueger, chief executive officer of Ws Atkins plc, said: The sale of our Polish business is a further step forward in the implementation of our strategy to optimise our portfolio of businesses, and focus our investment in markets where the ...'
p4
aS'Is Now The Time To Invest In BAE Systems plc, WS Atkins plc &amp; Norcros plc? The Motley Fool UK - Nov 12, 2015 Design, engineering and project management consultancy WS Atkins put out a good set of interim results this morning. Compared to a year ago, revenue rose 8.8%, underlying profit lifted by 11.3% and underlying earnings before tax surged by 19%.'
p5
aS"Why This Activist Investor Is Buying WS Atkins PLC  Shares Simply Wall St - Jan 23, 2017 Last week, London-based activist investor Royal London Asset Management reported an increased stake of 6.2% in WS Atkins PLC . While following activist investors into buying shares of a company isn't always a sound idea, finding out what they&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'WS Atkins PLC   Stock Valuation Analysis ValueWalk - Dec 28, 2015 WS Atkins is a mature enterprise with high and very stable revenues and presents great performance, even during hard times.'
p7
aS"3 Great Growth Picks For 2016? Ashtead Group plc, NMC Health PLC And WS Atkins PLC The Motley Fool UK - Mar 1, 2016 I've been running a PEG filter across the constituents of the FTSE indices again and it keeps throwing up some tempting candidates."
p8
aS'Is WS Atkins plc  worth 15.29 based on its intrinsic value? Simply Wall St - Oct 14, 2016 I am going to run you through how I calculated the intrinsic value of WS Atkins  using a method called discounted cash flow or DCF.'
p9
aS"WS Atkins PLC  Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Sports Perspectives - Feb 10, 2017 WS Atkins PLC logo WS Atkins PLC 's stock had its add rating reaffirmed by Peel Hunt in a research note issued on Wednesday.WS Atkins PLC  Rating Reiterated by JP Morgan Chase &amp; Co - The Cerbat GemWS Atkins PLC's  Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd - BBNS"
p10
a.