(lp0
S"Is It Time to go for Activision Blizzard, Inc. , QUALCOMM Incorporated ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Activision Blizzard, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 7.04 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ...Activision Blizzard Reaches Analyst Target Price - NasdaqWhat Does The Chart For Activision Blizzard, Inc.  Tell Us Presently? - NY Stock News"
p1
aS"Why Shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc. Jumped 12% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc.  had another great month in February, rising 12.2%, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after reporting strong earnings to end 2016.Long Activision! - Seeking AlphaActivision Blizzard Recognized on Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For ... - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"3 Ways Activision Blizzard Inc. Could Stumble in 2017 Motley Fool - Feb 19, 2017 Operating income was 36% of sales last quarter, compared to 42% for the Activision studio and 41% for Blizzard. Mobile gamers appear to be staying engaged through both the advertising rollout and new app launches.One Year Later: Re-Evaluating Activision Blizzard's King Acquisition - Seeking AlphaDigging Up the Facts on Activision Blizzard, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p3
aS"Activision Blizzard, Inc.'s Overwatch Is Killing It Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 ... World of Warcraft franchise is beginning to stall. World of Warcraft is a cash cow for the game publisher, but Activision Blizzard needs to show growth to deliver satisfactory shareholder returns over time, and Overwatch has picked up the slack in ..."
p4
aS"Game Over For Activision Blizzard? Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Both Scott Kessler of CFRA Research and pseudonymous Seeking Alpha contributor &quot;Short Only&quot; raised concerns recently about ATVI's extraordinary run-up year-to-date."
p5
aS'Short Activision? Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Weak top line guidance and sales declines in Call of Duty are ignored in favor of pretty EPS numbers and healthy growth in Overwatch.'
p6
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Activision Blizzard, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Activision Blizzard, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS"Analyst's Predictions on The Dow Chemical Company , Activision Blizzard ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 9, 2017 Activision Blizzard, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 7.04, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p8
aS'Activision Blizzard Insiders Sell Over 9 Million Shares Yahoo Finance - Feb 15, 2017 Insiders of Activision Blizzard Inc.  sold 9,000,996 shares as a result of the options expiring this year. Director Brian Kelly sold 5,037,998 shares of the company on Feb.14 and Robert Kotick, president and CEO, sold 3,962,998 shares on Feb.Activision Blizzard Still A Buy Despite 20% Share Pop, Says Argus - BenzingaWhy Investors remained confident on Activision Blizzard, Inc. , Gilead ... - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS"Looking at the Tea Leaves for Activision Blizzard, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Activision Blizzard, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.