(lp0
S"Atwood Oceanics Inc.  Soars 6.5% on March 15 Equities.com - 12 hours ago Atwood Oceanics Inc.  had a good day on the market for Wednesday March 15 as shares jumped 6.5% to close at $9.50. About 3.47 million shares traded hands on 18,573 trades for the day, compared with an average daily volume of 4.43 million&nbsp;...The Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  Bond Prices Rise 10.5% - Petro Global News 24Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , Duke Realty ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Earnings Continue to Feel the Weight of the Oil Market ... Motley Fool - Feb 6, 2017 The deep and prolonged downturn in the offshore drilling sector continues to plague Atwood Oceanics . Revenue from two of its three offshore drilling fleets has nearly dried up, while revenue from its lucrative ultra-deepwater fleet continues ...ATWOOD OCEANICS ANNOUNCES PROGRAM CHANGES FOR AUSTRALIA RIGS - GlobeNewswire Atwood Oceanics Inc. Announces 75% Drop In Q1 Profit - Nasdaq'
p2
aS'Better Buy: Seadrill Limited vs. Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 The offshore drilling market has been going through a brutal downturn, which puts tremendous pressure on drilling contractors Seadrill  and Atwood Oceanics . Unfortunately, there are few signs on the horizon that the market will&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Is Up Double Digits Again Today Motley Fool - Dec 9, 2016 Shares of Atwood Oceanics  continued their recent ascent, jumping more than 11% by 10:45 a.m. EST on Friday. The stock is now up 86% over the past month, with the bulk of those gains coming since OPEC signed its agreement to cut output at&nbsp;...Atwood Fights to Stay above Resistance  - Investopedia'
p4
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Earnings Plunge on Charges, Contract Roll-Offs Motley Fool - Nov 14, 2016 The deepening decline of the offshore drilling market finally caught up with Atwood Oceanics  during its fiscal fourth quarter.Atwood Oceanics: Longs And Shorts Prepare For Decisive Battle In 2017 - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS"Atwood Oceanics: Further Downside Ahead Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 The case of Atwood Oceanics  highlights the importance of catalysts and shows why you should always look at the real state of things to be better prepared whether you are a long-term investor or a short-term trader.Inside Atwood Oceanics' 1Q17 Results - Market RealistATWOOD OCEANICS TO ATTEND THE CREDIT SUISSE 22ND ANNUAL ENERGY SUMMIT - Nasdaq"
p6
aS'Atwood Oceanics Delays Delivery Of 2 Drillships Seeking Alpha - Dec 6, 2016 Atwood Oceanics  has just announced the results of the negotiations with the shipyard regarding the delay of delivery of two drillships, Atwood Admiral and Atwood Archer.ATWOOD OCEANICS ANNOUNCES CHANGES TO ULTRA-DEEPWATER DRILLSHIP DELIVERY AND ... - GlobeNewswire '
p7
aS"OPEC Deal Sends Atwood Oceanics, Inc.'s Stock Soaring Fox Business - Nov 30, 2016 More specific to Atwood Oceanics, the OPEC deal should put a firm floor under the price of oil, which could provide large oil companies like Chevron  and Royal Dutch Shell   with the confidence to make investment&nbsp;...Offshore Drilling Stocks' Upgrades and Downgrades in November - Market Realist"
p8
aS"Atwood Oceanics: New Contract For Atwood Osprey Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 As a reminder, the company is facing a backlog cliff and it is still possible that Atwood Osprey will be the only Atwood Oceanics rig actually working in the second half of 2017. Atwood Advantage's contract ends in August 2017, while Atwood Achiever ...Atwood Oceanics awarded with drilling contract offshore Australia - Maritime Herald  Atwood lands follow-up work with Woodside - Offshore Oil and Gas Magazine"
p9
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: SUPERVALU Inc. , Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 5.12, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Fmr LLC Has $127615000 Position in Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - Chaffey BreezeTrader's Round Up: Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - TopChronicle"
p10
a.