(lp0
S'Avistar Communications Monetizes Its Patent Portfolio and Closes Transaction ... Business Wire  - Jan 26, 2010 SAN MATEO, Calif.----Avistar Communications Corporation , a leader in unified visual communications solutions, today announced that it has closed an agreement with Intellectual Ventures Management&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Merrill Corporation Names Doug Cullen Senior Vice President and Head of ... Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2015 ST. PAUL, Minn.----Merrill Corporation , a global provider of secure content sharing, regulated communications and compliance services, has named Doug Cullen Senior Vice President and Head of Solution Sales.'
p2
aS'World Patent Ratings Issues Intangible Asset Valuations Grades On North ... PR Web  - Jan 3, 2017 World Patent Ratings, a specialized rating agency and expert network focused on intangible asset valuation, has issued its 2017 intangible asset valuation grades on the North American Communications Equipment sector. World Patent Ratings has been a&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Pneuron CEO: The BI Market is a 'Shambles,' We Can Help Barron's  - Jul 6, 2016 Moss had previously been head of communications software maker Avistar Communications . But the more relevant experience is having run analytics company Mantas Inc., which was backed by .... If the Web is being used more and more for the basic ..."
p4
aS'Why We Love Wild Penny Stocks Motley Fool - Jan 19, 2007 The potential rewards are enormous. Just take a look at the returns from Avistar Communications  and Emvelco  , which have each more than doubled since the beginning of the year.'
p5
aS'Staying Professional in Virtual Meetings New York Times - Sep 25, 2010 But if you are at a virtual meeting only to listen, some multitasking is fine, says Bob Preston, chief collaboration officer at Polycom, a telepresence, video and voice communications company in Pleasanton, Calif. ... but there is usually a smaller ...'
p6
aS'2 killed in apartment shootout during apparent robbery attempt mySanAntonio.com - Jun 25, 2014 SAN ANTONIO -- Two people are dead after a shootout overnight in an apartment near the University of Texas at San Antonio. At least two people kicked in a door just before 2:30 a.m.'
p7
aS'Video conferencing software and hardware: Hybrid approach needed TechTarget - Feb 14, 2013 Avistar recently announced its ConnectWare Conferencing platform -- a cloud-based technology designed for Avistar partners -- like IBM and Citrix -- to bolster their video conferencing capabilities with software-based components.'
p8
aS"Traveling Newlyweds Prove Where You Park Matters PR Newswire  - Aug 15, 2012 ... Phoenix Sky Harbor, Pittsburgh, Port Columbus, and Lambert -St. Louis. It also includes the AviStar and FastTrack brands at Atlanta Hartsfield, Chicago O'Hare, New York La Guardia, and Oakland."
p9
aS'SAFD rescues family of 3 during massive apartment fire on North Side mySanAntonio.com - Apr 21, 2016 San Antonio Fire Department Chief Charles Hood said crews were called out the fire at the Avistar at the Crest apartment complex in the 12600 block of Uhr Lane around 12:41 a.m.. The first crews to arrive at the scene found heavy fire tearing through a ...'
p10
a.