(lp0
S'Aware Inc. steps in to help people challenged with mental, emotional ... KTVH - Oct 8, 2016  Montana is a large state with lots of room for its citizens, but the benefit of a vast state with small population numbers can be a handicap for some.'
p1
aS'Aware Inc. Goes From Dual Leadership to Sole CEO findBIOMETRICS - Mar 2, 2017 A chief executive of biometric software and services provider Aware, Inc. is stepping down. The company has announced that Richard Moberg is leaving his post as co-Chief Executive Officer, co-President, CFO and Treasurer.'
p2
aS'Philanthropy / Non-Profit Organizations Great Falls Tribune - Feb 22, 2017 AWARE Inc., a private, non-profit corporation, provides quality community-based services to adults and children with challenging mental, emotional, and in some cases, physical needs who would otherwise be served in a more restrictive settingor ...'
p3
aS'Aware, Inc. Announces Q4 and Year-End Results for 2016 Mobile ID World - Feb 9, 2017 In explaining the strong revenue and income performance for 2016, Aware credited major biometric licensing sales to the US Marine Corps, the Navy, and a government integrator.Aware reports Q4 and 2016 results with $21.6M in year end revenue - Biometric Update'
p4
aS'Medical / Non-Profit Organizations Great Falls Tribune - Feb 22, 2017 AWARE Inc., a private, non-profit corporation, provides quality community-based services to adults and children with challenging mental, emotional, and in some cases, physical needs who would otherwise be served in a more restrictive settingor ...'
p5
aS'Biometrics and Identity Management Market Report, Analysis and Trends 2017 satPRnews  - Jul 18, 2016 Some of the key players in global biometrics and identity management market include Kaba group, 3M Cogent Inc., ACTAtek Ltd., Allegion Plc, Anviz global Plc, Apple Inc., Authentec Inc., Aware Inc., Bio-Key International inc., Cognitec Systems GmbH,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Investing in Biometric Stocks with Aware, Inc.  Energy and Capital - Feb 28, 2017 Being on the road a lot, I spend a decent amount of time in TSA lines. But I'm not here to talk about how inconvenient or frustrating these lines can be."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Aware Inc  is Beating Tangoe Inc  CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Aware Inc  versus Tangoe Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS"Canarsie Aware Charged In Medicaid Fraud Scheme Canarsie Courier  - Nov 17, 2016 Anthony Cornachio Courtesy of the New York State Attorney General's Office Anthony Cornachio Courtesy of the New York State Attorney General's Office A Long Island lawyer who runs Canarsie Aware, Inc., a local drug treatment center, was arrested for&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Aware Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Aug 3, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Aware Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p10
a.