(lp0
S'American Axle  Prices $1.2B Worth of Senior Notes Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc. AXL has announced the pricing of $700 million aggregate principal amount senior notes at 6.25% interest annually.New Strong Buy Stocks for March 15th - Zacks.com'
p1
aS"Moody's downgrades American Axle's Corporate Family Rating to B1, outlook Stable Moodys.com   - Feb 23, 2017 New York, February 23, 2017 -- Moody's Investors Service downgraded the ratings of American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.'s  - Corporate Family and Probability of Default Ratings to B1 and B1-PD, from Ba3 and Ba3-PD, respectively."
p2
aS"Zacks.com featured highlights: American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Chicago, IL - February 21, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article include American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc."
p3
aS'The American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings, Inc.  Stake Held by Public Sector ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Public Sector Pension Investment Board held its position in shares of American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings, Inc.  Reaches $19.92 After 6.00% Up ... - HuronReport'
p4
aS"Acquisition of Metaldyne for $3.3 billion means diversified revenue for ... Crain's Detroit Business - Feb 26, 2017 American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc.'s move to acquire Metaldyne Performance Group Inc. in a $3.3 billion deal is an operational win.Overview of Stock Trend: American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  - Is storiesInvestor's Watch List: American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc. (NYSE:AXL ... - TRA"
p5
aS'American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings, Inc.  Given Consensus Recommendation ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 10, 2017 American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings logo Shares of American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings, Inc.  have received an average recommendation of Hold from the twelve brokerages that are currently covering the stock.Consumer Goods Firms in Focus: American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc ... - TWNPrice-to-Earnings-Growth Ratio Of American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc ... - Equities Focus'
p6
aS"American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  Shares Active after Upgrade ... The Ledger Gazette - Feb 14, 2017 American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  shares rose in value on Tuesday February 14 on slower trade volume than normal after a number of analysts weighed in on the investing value of the stock with a upgraded rating.American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  Rating Increased to Strong ... - The Cerbat GemTrader's Buzzers: Cirrus Logic Inc. , American Axle ... - The Newburgh Press"
p7
aS'American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings, Inc.  Position Raised by Dimensional ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 9, 2017 American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings logo Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings, Inc.  by 10.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.Under Focus Analysis: American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc.  - The Oracle Examiner'
p8
aS'Form 8-K AMERICAN AXLE &amp; MANUFACT For: Mar 07 StreetInsider.com - Mar 7, 2017 On March 7, 2017, in connection with the previously announced private offering  by American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  of $1.2 billion of senior notes  to finance the cash consideration ...'
p9
aS'Analyst Upside Underscores Impressive Growth for American Axle &amp; Manufacturing ... Aiken Advocate - 8 hours ago American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.'
p10
a.