(lp0
S"Why Acuity Brands, Inc. Stock Fell 19% Today Fox Business - Jan 9, 2017 Acuity Brands  reported first-quarter results in the early morning hours on Monday. In response to the news, shares of the industrial LED lighting specialist fell as much as 18.7% during the morning session.Acuity Brands'  CEO Vernon Nagel on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Acuity Brands, Inc. Next Generation Building Management Solutions from Distech ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 31, 2017 ATLANTA - January 31, 2017- Acuity Brands, Inc  businesses, Distech Controls and DGLogik, are exhibiting at the 2017 AHR Expo to showcase innovative controls and Internet of Things  tools that integrate with Acuity Brands' digital LED&nbsp;...Acuity Brands Inc  Cut to Sell at Roth Capital - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Acuity Brands Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Acuity Brands Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.Analysts Set Acuity Brands Inc  Price Target at $254.82 - The Cerbat GemAcuity Brands Inc  Position Increased by Bessemer Group Inc. - Community Financial News'
p3
aS'Acuity Brands, Inc. Showcases Advancements in Retail IoT Technology in ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 16, 2017 ATLANTA - January 16, 2017 - Acuity Brands, Inc.  today announced that it is showcasing its latest advancements in Internet of Things  technology for Smart Retail at the Microsoft Retail Industry Group booth during the National Retail&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Goldman Adds Acuity Brands To Focus List, Cites 'Strongest Competitive ... Benzinga - Sep 9, 2016 Goldman Sachs has added Acuity Brands, Inc.  to its focus list. It sees the company has the strongest competitive position among lighting peers as the sector shifts to low-carbon LED-based lighting technologies."
p5
aS'Acuity Brands, Inc. Announces Acquisition of DGLogik Yahoo Finance - Jul 7, 2016 ATLANTA, July 7, 2016 - Acuity Brands, Inc.  today announced it has acquired 100 percent of the equity interests of DGLogik, Inc., a San Francisco Bay Area-based provider of innovative software solutions that enable and visualize the Internet of ...'
p6
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Acuity Brands Inc., 50.0% Follow-Through Indicator ... Nasdaq - Jan 9, 2017 Acuity Brands Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p7
aS"Acuity Brands Has A Bright Future Due To Smart Lighting Orders Benzinga - Jun 30, 2016 CLSA analysts believe Acuity Brands, Inc.  has a solid future citing Smart Light Orders. Their comments come on the heels of the company's third quarter results beating the expectations on 25 percent year-over-year growth in sales apart from ..."
p8
aS"Acuity Brands Trades Ex-Dividend Thursday  Investopedia - Jan 19, 2017 Shares of Acuity Brands, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on Thursday, Jan. 19. To qualify for a dividend check, investors must have owned Acuity Brands shares prior to Thursday, which is the day the company's management will finalize its ..."
p9
aS'A look at the fair value of Acuity Brands Inc  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Does the March share price for Acuity Brands  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p10
a.