(lp0
S"Bank of America shareholders revive chairman debate Reuters - 17 hours ago NEW YORK Bank of America Corp  Chairman and Chief Executive Brian Moynihan will once again face a shareholder vote on whether he should maintain both roles, according to the bank's proxy filing on Wednesday.Brian Moynihan Is Having That Dream Again - Dealbreaker"
p1
aS'3 Stocks to Watch on Wednesday: Bank of America Corp , Arena ... Investorplace.com - 20 hours ago Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  and Fogo De Chao Inc  are among a few companies moving big-time on earnings this morning, though Bank of America Corp  might save its moving and shaking for this afternoon.'
p2
aS"Sell Bank of America Corp  Stock Before the Rate Hike! Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 A baked-in rate hike and faithfully optimistic rally mean it's time to play Bank of America Corp  for a bit of downside.Notable Mover: Bank of America Corp  - Post RegistrarComprehensive Stock Analysis of: Bank of America Corp.  - News Oracle"
p3
aS'Ride the Bank of America Corp  Stock Pop for Easy Profits Investorplace.com - Mar 10, 2017 Elevated inflation expectations, rate hikes and the rollback of regulations has created quite the bullish brew for the banking sector.'
p4
aS'Is Bank of America Corp  Stock Heading to $50? Investorplace.com - Mar 9, 2017 But before we delve into all the good things going on at Bank of America, we first need to go back to June 2008 and consider the valuation investors gave BAC stock in relation to the S&amp;P 500 and its banking peers. That should at least tell us whether ...2 Stocks Are Just So Hot Right Now- Bank of America Corp , Tailored ... - Wall Street Times Stock in Limelight: Bank of America Corp  - Post Registrar'
p5
aS"Bank of America's Gary Lynch, Former General Counsel, to Retire Wall Street Journal  - Mar 14, 2017 Gary Lynch, a vice chairman at Bank of America Corp. and the former general counsel, is retiring. Chief Executive and Chairman Brian Moynihan said in a note posted to employees Tuesday that Mr. Lynch would retire April 1. His departure marks what Mr.MOVES-Bank of America's Vice Chairman Lynch to retire - Reuters"
p6
aS"BRIEF-Bank Of America CEO Brian Moynihan's FY 2016 total compensation $15.9 mln Reuters - 18 hours ago Bank Of America Corp - chief operating officer Thomas K. Montag's 2016 total compensation was $15.7 million versus $14.8 million in 2015."
p7
aS"Monday's Vital Data: Bank of America Corp , Apple Inc.  and ... Investorplace.com - Mar 6, 2017 U.S. stock futures are pointed lower this morning, as hawkish commentary from the Federal Reserve clashes with geopolitical concerns rising from a North Korean missile test over the weekend."
p8
aS'3 Stocks to Watch on Friday: Facebook Inc , Bank of America Corp  and ... Investorplace.com - Mar 10, 2017 3 Stocks to Watch on Friday: Facebook Inc , Bank of America The big news on Friday was the February jobs report, which put Bank of America Corp  in the spotlight. However, Facebook Inc  is making a number of headlines, and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Bank of America Corp.'s Trust Preferred Securities About To Put More Money In ... Nasdaq - Mar 8, 2017 On 3/10/17, Bank of America Corp.'s Trust Preferred Securities  will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.4031, payable on 3/15/17."
p10
a.