(lp0
S'Black Diamond, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017 SALT LAKE CITY, March 06, 2017  -- Black Diamond, Inc.  , a global leader of innovative active outdoor performance equipment and apparel, under the brand name Black Diamond, reported financial&nbsp;...Black Diamond Inc  Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $-0 ... - Highland MirrorBlack Diamond Inc  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Buy from Brokerages - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Source: Black Diamond Equipment Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 In the absence of an acquisition, Black Diamond is moving towards a more lean and profitable business and is trading at a discount to intrinsic value.Black Diamond Inc  Cut to Hold at Stifel Nicolaus - BNB Daily Black Diamond Inc  Given Consensus Rating of Hold by Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"Black Diamond  Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Moreover, Black Diamond's independent global distributor business is likely to experience growth in the quarter, as markets like Japan and Korea have begun to replenish their inventory following a period of industry consolidation and other market ...What You Must Know About Black Diamond Inc's  Financial Health - Simply Wall StBlack Diamond Inc  Set to Announce Earnings on Monday - Chaffey Breeze"
p3
aS'Black Diamond Adds To Executive And Equipment Team SGB Media    - Mar 1, 2017 Black Diamond Inc., a manufacturer of active outdoor performance equipment and apparel, has appointed Trent Bush as Black Diamond Equipment vice president of apparel design and Radhika Ray to the newly created position of vice president of strategy&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Why Shares of Black Diamond Inc. Soared Today Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.Why Black Diamond Inc  Stock Is Soaring Today - Investorplace.comOne Factor Driving Black Diamond  Stock Up Today - TheStreet.com"
p5
aS'Black Diamond reports year-end loss, plans to shake up operations Medill Reports: Chicago - Mar 15, 2016 Despite a one-time charge that stifled its bottom line, Black Diamond Inc. turned in results Monday that bested Wall Street estimates, and unveiled plans for a major corporate restructuring.'
p6
aS'Black Diamond Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 20 hours ago Black Diamond Inc logo Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Black Diamond Inc  from a buy rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Friday.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Black Diamond, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardHighest Sales Estimate Of Black Diamond, Inc.  At $166.4 - Investor Newswire'
p7
aS'Black Diamond Inc  Rating Lowered to Hold at Stifel Nicolaus BNB Daily  - Mar 9, 2017 Black Diamond logo Black Diamond Inc  was downgraded by Stifel Nicolaus from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday, StockTargetPrices.Black Diamond Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Stifel Nicolaus - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS"DA Davidson Upgrades Black Diamond To Buy, Says 'Valuation Well Below Full ... Benzinga - Aug 8, 2016 The core brand of Black Diamond Inc  is approaching positive inflection, with gross margin expansion expected to restore profitability, DA Davidson's Andrew Burns said in a report.Black Diamond  Stock Soars, Upgraded at Davidson - TheStreet.com"
p9
aS'Black Diamond Equipment Appoints Rick Vance as Quality Director GlobeNewswire  - Jul 27, 2016 SALT LAKE CITY, July 27, 2016  -- Black Diamond Equipment, a global innovator in climbing, skiing, mountain sports equipment and apparel, and a subsidiary of Black Diamond, Inc.  , has appointed Rick&nbsp;...'
p10
a.