(lp0
S'Beacon Roofing Supply Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for BECN Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 In trading on Thursday, shares of Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $44.65, changing hands as low as $44.61 per share.Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comBeacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p1
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 13 Equities.com - Mar 13, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 13, as the stock gained 1.17% to close at $48.28.Investor Watch-List Stock: Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  - Is storiesBeacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  recently purchased by insider BERQUIST CARL T - Post Analyst'
p2
aS"Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. BECN  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.BECN. Significant News Only. 03/09/17; Press Release. Industrial Goods Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Actuant, Generac, Middleby, and Beacon Roofing Supply."
p3
aS'Beacon Roofing Expands in Michigan with Acme Acquisition Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. BECN , the distributor of residential and non-residential roofing materials has acquired Acme Building Materials, Inc. in a bid to reinforce presence in Michigan.'
p4
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Portland, Oregon-based ... Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Woodfeathers, Inc. , a distributor of primarily residential roofing and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply signs Westminster industrial lease Maryland Daily Record  - 13 hours ago Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. has leased 60,000 square feet of industrial space in Westminster. Cushman &amp; Wakefield, which represented the property owner Development Company of America LLC in the transaction, announced the deal with the roofing and&nbsp;...Recent Trading Updates: Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  - Is storiesMean Price Target Of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  At $50.58 - Equities Focus'
p6
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Michigan-Based Fox Brothers Company Business Wire  - May 2, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Fox Brothers Company , a distributor of roofing, siding, windows, doors and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces the Acquisition of Dallas, Texas-Based Roofing ... Business Wire  - Dec 18, 2015 HERNDON, Va----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Roofing &amp; Insulation Supply , a distributor primarily of residential and commercial insulation along with roofing and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Omaha, Nebraska-Based RCI ... Business Wire  - Dec 1, 2015 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired RCI Roofing Supply , a distributor of residential and commercial roofing and related products with five branches&nbsp;...Beacon Roofing Buys RCI Roofing to Bolster Product Offering - Zacks.com'
p9
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of North Carolina-Based Lyf-Tym ... Business Wire  - Apr 1, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Lyf-Tym Building Products , a distributor of siding, windows, gutters, vinyl railings and related products&nbsp;...Beacon Roofing Supply Acquires Atlantic Building Products - LBM Journal'
p10
a.