(lp0
S'Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 13, 2017 Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 14, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.21 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 02, 2017.Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 on ... - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'Berkshire Hills Completes First Choice Bank Acquisition PR Newswire  - Dec 5, 2016 PITTSFIELD, Mass., Dec. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  has completed the acquisition of First Choice Bank and the merger of First Choice Bank into Berkshire Bank, effective at the close of business on December 2 ...Berkshire Bank acquires Rutland financial planning firm - Vermont BizMass. bank completes acquisition of First Choice in NJ - NJ.com'
p2
aS'Berkshire Hills Announces Annual Meeting Date and Time PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  has scheduled its Annual Meeting of Shareholders for Thursday, May 18, 2017 at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, One West Street, Pittsfield, Massachusetts at 10:00 a.m.Stock Returns: Texas Capital Bancshares Inc  is Beating Berkshire ... - CML News'
p3
aS'The Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB ... Petro Global News 24 - 18 hours ago Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday.Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Bryn Mawr Bank ... CML News - 19 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation  .'
p5
aS'Berkshire Hills Completes Hampden Bancorp Acquisition PR Newswire  - Apr 17, 2015 PITTSFIELD, Mass., April 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  has completed the acquisition of Hampden Bancorp, Inc., and the merger of Hampden Bank into Berkshire Bank, effective today. &quot;We are pleased to welcome the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  is Beating West ... CML News - Feb 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus West Bancorporation Inc  .Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Great Western ... CML News - Feb 18, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Great Western Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...Buzzer to Observe: Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  - Is storiesCan Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Attain EPS Target Of $0.615? - Markets Daily'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Brookline ... CML News - Feb 9, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Brookline Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  To Go Ex-Dividend on February 14th - BBNS'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus First Financial ... CML News - Feb 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus First Financial Bancorp.'
p10
a.