(lp0
S"Brown-Forman Trying Hard to Overcome Hurdles: Here's How Yahoo Finance - 13 hours ago Brown-Forman Corporation BF.B seems troubled, as the company has been battling currency woes for a while now along with tough economic conditions in emerging markets.Ruling stocks in today's market: Brown-Forman Corporation  - The News JournalHow has Brown-Forman Corporation: performed recently? - The Daily Leicester"
p1
aS'Brown-Forman Corporation  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Brown-Forman Corporation is a spirit and wine company. The Company manufactures, bottles, imports, exports, markets and sells a range of alcoholic beverages.Brown-Forman Corporation  Stock Slips on Q3 Earnings Miss, Outlook - Investorplace.comBrown-Forman  Q3 Earnings Lag, Tepid View Issued - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Brown-Forman Corporation: Enriching Life? Not Lately! Seeking Alpha - Dec 12, 2016 Brown-Forman is currently undergoing a major transformation. It sold its Southern Comfort and Tuaca trademarks in 2016 and has made some acquisitions in the past couple of years.Brown-Forman Co.  Price Target Cut to $42.00 - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS"Is Now the Time to Buy Brown-Forman Corporation Stock? Motley Fool - Apr 13, 2016 While Brown-Forman Corporation   stock has performed poorly over the past year, this does not necessarily rule out the stock as being a buy candidate today.Brown-Forman Launches Coopers' Craft Bourbon - BevNET.com"
p4
aS"For Brown-Forman Corporation, Jack Daniel's Is More Important Than Ever Motley Fool - Sep 5, 2016 Jack Daniels whiskey has always been a priority at Brown-Forman , but after selling its third biggest brand -- Southern Comfort -- earlier this year, the distiller really can't afford for its flagship spirit to stumble."
p5
aS'Brown-Forman: Too Pricey Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 Brown-Forman: Too Pricey. Feb.14.17 | About: Brown-Forman Corporation  &middot; Jonathan Wheeler. Growth at reasonable price, long-term horizon, dividend growth investing.'
p6
aS'Brown-Forman Corporation Named One of the DEI Business Wire  - Jul 21, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Brown-Forman Corporation   was named a top-scoring company, receiving a score of 100, in the 2016 Disability Equality Index  survey, conducted by the US Business Leadership Network&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'What are Analysts Expecting for Brown Forman Corporation  Earnings? Aiken Advocate - Mar 15, 2017 When a company reports earnings, the reports are intensely examined by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can give insight into the profitability of a company.'
p8
aS'Brown-Forman Corporation versus Constellation Brands Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Oct 10, 2016 Constellation Brands Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Brown-Forman Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p9
aS'Brown-Forman: A Strong Start To 2017 With One  Caveat Seeking Alpha - Sep 22, 2016 BF.B managed to generate a strong start to Q1 2017 despite headwinds in several of its emerging markets. Volume improvements on FY2016 were seen across a number of its brands.'
p10
a.