(lp0
S"How These Healthcare Stocks are Faring? -- Brookdale Senior Living, Envision ... PR Newswire  - 22 hours ago Taking into consideration yesterday's market sentiment, Stock-Callers.com assessed the following Healthcare equities this morning: Brookdale Senior Living Inc. , Envision Healthcare Corporation , Kindred Healthcare Inc. (NYSE:&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Checking the Overall Picture for Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Long-Term Care Facilities.Analysts Near-Term outlook: Brookdale Senior Living Inc. , Envision ... - The USA CommerceSenior Housing REITs to Ride Out the Storm of 2017 - Senior Housing News'
p2
aS"Analysts Near-Term outlook: SunPower Corporation , Brookdale Senior ... The USA Commerce - 19 hours ago Shares of SunPower Corporation  dropped -1.69% to $6.98. During the trading on 03/14/2017, Company's stock ranged from $6.81 to $7.16. The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought  and oversold  areas."
p3
aS"Ventas In Talks to Buy Part or All of Brookdale Senior Living Wall Street Journal  - Feb 16, 2017 Healthcare-facility owner Ventas Inc. is in talks to acquire part or all of Brookdale Senior Living Inc. after another big suitor cooled on its bid for the nation's largest operator of senior-living centers."
p4
aS'Taking a Look at the Data Behind Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Long-Term Care Facilities.The Short Interest in Brookdale Senior Living, Inc.  Decreases By 30.8% - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS"Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 It operates through five segments: Retirement Centers; Assisted Living; CCRCs-Rental; Brookdale Ancillary Services and Management Services.Brookdale's latest suitor denies potential deal - Nashville Business JournalVentas Denies Being in Buyout Talks with Brookdale - Senior Housing News"
p6
aS'Taking a Closer Look at Shares of Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 17 hours ago Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  has a current Value Composite Score of 38. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would represent an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an expensive or overvalued company.'
p7
aS'Brookdale Senior Living, Colgate-Palmolive Co, ConocoPhillips, Pandora, and ... PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2017 Brookdale Senior Living Inc is an operator of senior living communities in the United States with a total capacity of approximately 143 communities in 46 states and the ability to serve approximately 111,000 residents.'
p8
aS"Stock Update for Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Rives Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Market watchers might be keeping an eye on Brookdale Senior Living Inc. 's Piotroski F-Score. The F-Score was created to help spot company stocks that have solid fundamentals, and to filter out weaker companies."
p9
aS"Can We Learn Anything From The Technical Chart of Brookdale Senior Living Inc ... NY Stock News - 18 hours ago Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.