(lp0
S'Bristol-Myers Squibb to Take Part in Barclays Global Health Care Conference Business Wire  - Feb 16, 2016 NEW YORK----Bristol-Myers Squibb Company  will present at Barclays Global Health Care Conference on Wednesday, March 15, 2017, in Miami.'
p1
aS"The Big Reason Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Stock Exploded 15% Higher in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb , a U.S. drug giant that's primarily focused on oncology, cardiovascular, and immunoscience therapies, catapulted higher by 15% during February, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Bristol-Myers Squibb  CEO Giovanni Caforio Presents at Cowen and Company ... - Seeking AlphaInsider Trading Activity Bristol-Myers Squibb Co   EVP Sold 92405 ... - Market Exclusive"
p2
aS'Bristol-Myers Squibb Names New R&amp;D Chief Wall Street Journal  - Mar 8, 2017 Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said it would replace its research-and-development chief, naming a Massachusetts General Hospital executive to the key job as the company seeks to move past a major drug-development setback.Forget the Distractions: Bristol-Myers Squibb Is a Bargain - Motley FoolBristol-Myers Squibb Appoints Dr. Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., Executive Vice ... - Business Wire '
p3
aS"Carl Icahn's Next Target: Bristol-Myers Squibb Forbes - Feb 22, 2017 Activist investor Carl Icahn just announced his latest target: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Bristol-Myers Squibb has been the focus of several activist investors in recent months and on Tuesday the company shook up its board to satisfy other activist ...Bristol-Myers: Buyout Bound? - Seeking AlphaSearle &amp; Co. Buys Exxon Mobil, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bank of America - GuruFocus.com"
p4
aS'Carl Icahn swoops in, takes stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb MarketWatch - Feb 21, 2017 Carl Icahn has taken a stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., making him the second big activist to pressure the company following disappointment in its cancer-treatment efforts.Bristol-Myers Squibb  Announces $2B Accelerated Share Repurchase and ... - StreetInsider.comCarl Icahn Takes Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb - Wall Street Journal '
p5
aS'Bristol-Myers Squibb to Take Part in Cowen and Company 37th Annual Global ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Bristol-Myers Squibb Company  will present at the Cowen and Company 37th Annual Global Health Care Conference on Monday, March 6, 2017, in Boston.Owning Bristol-Myers Squibb With Less Risk - Seeking AlphaInsider Trading Activity Bristol-Myers Squibb Co   Director Bought ... - Market Exclusive'
p6
aS'The Bristol-Myers Squibb Co  Upgraded to Hold by Vetr Inc. Petro Global News 24 - 7 hours ago Bristol-Myers Squibb Co  was upgraded by stock analysts at Vetr from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Tuesday.Bristol-Myers Squibb Co  Position Lowered by Fiduciary Financial Services ... - Chaffey BreezeTaking a Look at the Chart for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company  - The USA Commerce'
p7
aS'Bristol-Myers: A Massive Would-Be Takeover Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Carl Icahn is getting more interested in biotech, notably Bristol-Myers Squibb . For starters, Icahn has a stake in BMY, ... The thesis is that the $100 billion drug company might be a buyout target. Generally, the focus is on selling off ...'
p8
aS'Jana Partners Buys HD Supply Holdings, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company ... Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017 Jana Partners initiated holdings in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. The purchase prices were between $49.23 and $59.61, with an estimated average price of $54.67.'
p9
aS"Bristol-Myers Fails To Impress... Again Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 I wonder if that's the same plan Bristol-Mysers Squibb  is running. It sure looks like it. After two failures of Lirilumab, the company continues to throw money at the leukemia drug. It's still a promising candidate for the company, as ...Bristol-Myers Squibb: Takeover Target? - Barron's Bristol-Myers Squibb Company : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.