(lp0
S'Could BofI Holding, Inc. Be a Millionaire-Maker Stock? Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Internet-based bank BofI Holding, Inc.  runs one of the most efficient and profitable operations in the banking industry, and it has grown at an impressive rate over the past several years.BofI Holding, Inc.  Shares Bought by Royce &amp; Associates LP - Sports PerspectivesBofI Holding, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by Brokerages - BBNS'
p1
aS'BofI Holding, Inc. Makes 2016 Raymond James Community Bankers Cup Winners List Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 BofI Holding, Inc.  , parent of BofI Federal Bank, announced that the Company made the 2016 Raymond James Community Bankers Cup Winners list.BofI Holding, Inc. : How technical indicators have come out? - Post AnalystNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For BofI Holding, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS"Better Buy: BofI Holding, Inc. vs. Bank of America Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 On the other hand, BofI Holding  is a much smaller institution, with about $8 billion in assets -- not even half of 1% of Bank of America's size by this metric.BofI Holding Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 03 - Equities.comShort Term Stock Rating on BofI Holding, Inc.  - Energy Index"
p3
aS"BofI Holding, Inc. Reports Earnings Growth Despite &quot;Internet Trolls' Fake News&quot; Motley Fool - Jan 31, 2017 He said that a &quot;short-selling conspiracy is likely still active,&quot; and went on to ask that shareholders be alert for and report any suspicious activity.BofI Holding, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Net Income, Up 14.7% - Business Wire BofI Holding's  CEO Greg Garrabrants on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS"BofI Holding, Inc. Stock Down 13% After Earnings: Here's What Investors Should ... Motley Fool - Oct 28, 2016 The inverse view of BofI's higher expenses is that they are a short-term pain to build a stronger business. Over the past year, BofI has made several acquisitions that have expanded the bank into new lines, including equipment leasing and its ...Bank of Internet Named Best Online Bank by MONEY - Business Wire "
p5
aS"BofI Holding, Inc. Stock Up 10% on Continued Strong Earnings Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 What: Shares of BofI Holding, Inc. , the parent company of Bank of Internet USA, are up more than 10% at 3:25 p.m.BofI Holding, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter Net Income of $29.7 million, Up 21.9% - Business Wire BofI Holding's  CEO Greg Garrabrants on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS'BofI Holding, Inc. Continues Delivering: Is the Short Thesis About to Collapse? Motley Fool - Aug 10, 2016 When internet bank BofI Holding, Inc.  reported its fourth quarter, investors were rewarded with more of the same steady, strong growth that it has delivered for years.'
p7
aS"BofI Holding, Inc. Eating Short-Sellers' Lunch With Another Huge Quarter Motley Fool - Apr 29, 2016 BofI Holding says its loan portfolio is safe and profitable, despite short-seller allegations. Image source: BofI Holding. BofI Holding  reported third-quarter financial results on April 28, and it was another huge growth period for the ..."
p8
aS"Will BofI Holding, Inc. Deposit Another Quarter of Growth? Motley Fool - Jul 30, 2016 There seem to be two groups of investors actively following BofI Holding, Inc.  right now: those who think the stock is crazy cheap, considering the company's historical earnings growth and recent growth rate, and those who think the ..."
p9
aS"WSJ's Heard on the Street cautious on BofI Holding Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 The bank continues its rapid growth and the stock, for now, is winning its battle with whistleblowers and short sellers , but risks loom, writes Aaron Back."
p10
a.