(lp0
S"Aviragen Therapeutics Inc : What's Next? Insider Financial - Feb 16, 2017 Aviragen Therapeutics Inc  is not having a good week. The company just put out data from a phase 2 study of its lead development asset, and has taken a close to 40% hit on the news.Aviragen Therapeutics Announces Top-Line Results From Phase 2b SPIRITUS Trial ... - Clinical LeaderAviragen Therapeutics Inc  Lowered to Neutral at HC Wainwright - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Aviragen Therapeutics slammed again by its second trial failure in days, this ... Endpoints News - Feb 13, 2017 In back-to-back setbacks, Aviragen Therapeutics $AVIR says that its lead drug vapendavir flunked a Phase IIb in moderate to severe asthmatics with a rhinovirus infection.'
p2
aS'Checking in on Signals for Aviragen Therapeutics Inc  Rives Journal - 12 hours ago Currently, the 14-day ADX for Aviragen Therapeutics Inc  is 40.97. Generally speaking, an ADX value from 0-25 would indicate an absent or weak trend.'
p3
aS"Aviragen Therapeutics'  CEO Joseph Patti on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Aviragen Therapeutics, Inc. Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call.Aviragen Hits 52-Week Low on Drug Failure  - Investopedia"
p4
aS'Aviragen Therapeutics Completes Royalty Deal With HealthCare Royalty Partners ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 25, 2016 ATLANTA, April 25, 2016  -- Aviragen Therapeutics, Inc.   a pharmaceutical company that is developing the next generation of antivirals, today announced that it has signed a&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Biota Pharmaceuticals Is Now Aviragen Therapeutics Seeking Alpha - Apr 27, 2016 Subsequent to our last update on Aviragen Therapeutics, the company has been busy attending and presenting at industry conferences.'
p6
aS"Mid-Day Market Update: RetailMeNot Gains After Strong Q4 Results; Aviragen ... Nasdaq - Feb 14, 2017 Aviragen Therapeutics Inc  shares dropped 37 percent to $0.681 after the company reported top-line results from its Phase 2b SPIRITUS trial of vapendavir.4 Stocks That Are Breaking Hearts on Valentine's Day - Yahoo Finance"
p7
aS'Analyst Downgrades  Aviragen Therapeutics  Stock Gets Downgraded ... Market Exclusive - Feb 14, 2017 Aviragen Therapeutics, Inc., formerly Biota Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is focused on the discovery and development of direct-acting antivirals to treat infections that affect patients globally.Aviragen Therapeutics, Inc.  Shares Slip, Investors Watching Closely ... - The Ledger GazetteAviragen Therapeutics  Stock: Falling On Failed Study - CNA Finance '
p8
aS"Biota Pharma  Becomes Aviragen Therapeutics; Will Trade Under 'AVIR' StreetInsider.com - Apr 12, 2016 Biota Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced that the Company has changed its name to Aviragen Therapeutics, Inc., , a pharmaceutical company focused on the development of the next generation of direct-acting&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Is Aviragen Therapeutics Inc  Starting a Bull Run? Business Review - 17 hours ago Pushing higher over the last five sessions are shares of Aviragen Therapeutics Inc . The stock has risen 11.86% over that span, yielding profits for savvy traders.'
p10
a.