(lp0
S"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Bridgepoint Education Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Bridgepoint Education Inc Lifted by Analyst  - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS'Bridgepoint Education, Inc. Quote &amp; Summary Data Nasdaq - Aug 22, 2011 We are a provider of postsecondary education services through our regionally accredited academic institutions, Ashford University and University of the RockiesSM.'
p2
aS"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Is Bridgepoint Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About Its ... - Simply Wall StBridgepoint Education Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p3
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc. Continues Its Slow Bleed Motley Fool - Aug 6, 2015 While Bridgepoint Education  has thus far escaped the death sentence that some of its for-profit peers have experienced, it continues to struggle.'
p4
aS'Bridgepoint Education: The Rise And Fall Seeking Alpha - Jun 23, 2016 Bridgepoint Education  has come a long way from the Warburg Pincus seed money received in 2003. The transformation of an underperforming Catholic college into the third largest degree granting university in the nation by fall 2012 churning&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Bridgepoint Education  Announces Agreement with CFPB StreetInsider.com - Sep 12, 2016 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  today announced an agreement with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  to forgive loans taken by approximately 1,277 current and former students who borrowed from Bridgepoint institution's student&nbsp;...For-profit Bridgepoint Education forced to forgive $24 million in private ... - Washington PostWild swings in Bridgepoint after CFPB action - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"Throwing In The Towel On Bridgepoint Education Seeking Alpha - Sep 14, 2016 For the record, the title and tone of this article was set before the disclosure Monday that Bridgepoint Education  had agreed to a consent order with the CFPB  relating to the marketing of private loans.Bridgepoint to refund $23.5 million to students - The San Diego Union-TribuneDoes Bridgepoint's $24 Million Settlement Indicate the Fed's War against For ... - University Herald"
p7
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc Comes Out Ahead, Market Yawns Motley Fool - Nov 9, 2015 The classroom size at Bridgepoint and other for-profits have seen better days. Photo: Shaylor, via Flickr. Compared to where it was just five years ago, the for-profit education industry is in critical condition right now. And with the government ...'
p8
aS"Anurag Malik Named Bridgepoint Education's Senior Vice President, Chief ... PR Newswire  - Aug 22, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Aug. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  today announced the appointment of Anurag Malik to the position of Senior Vice President/Chief Information Officer."
p9
aS'Bridgepoint Education Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  harnesses the latest technology to reimagine the modern student experience. Bridgepoint owns two academic institutions - Ashford University and University of the Rockies.'
p10
a.