(lp0
S"The entire basis for how I approach investing is rooted in the annual ... Seeking Alpha - 8 hours ago One of the core principles that I took  from Buffett is that if you can't value a business with a reasonable degree of precision then you have no business owning it.A Deal To Consider: Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway and AIG's P&amp;C - Barron's Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Reveals Some Major Changes to Its Portfolio Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, the team reviews the latest portfolio updates from Berkshire Hathaway   and its legendary CEO, Warren Buffett.Berkshire Hathaway gains $1.6 billion from its huge bite of Apple - Reuters'
p2
aS'Berkshire Hathaway As A Supplement To Your IRA Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Berkshire Hathaway has a structural similarity to both Traditional and Roth IRAs in that it affords the opportunity to compound returns without a taxable event.'
p3
aS"AIG to Pay Berkshire $9.8 Billion in Insurance Transfer Deal Bloomberg - Jan 20, 2017 American International Group Inc. agreed to pay $9.8 billion to Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. to take on long-term risks from commercial policies written in prior years.How Risky Is Berkshire Hathaway, Inc.? - Motley FoolAIG to pay Buffett's Berkshire about $10 billion in insurance deal - Reuters"
p4
aS"Berkshire Hathaway 2016 Valuation Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 As a long-term Berkshire Hathaway  shareholder, I enjoy doing a sum-of-the-parts valuation every year. One of the reasons for this is that it puts things in perspective when various parts of the company are in the news.Buffett's Berkshire rejects fossil fuel proposal, shareholder says - ReutersBerkshire Hathaway Inc.  Given Underweight Rating at Evercore ISI - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS"Berkshire Hathaway Ramped Up Apple Bet Ahead of Historic Rally Wall Street Journal - Feb 14, 2017 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. increased its stake in Apple Inc. by more than 200% in the fourth quarter, just before the iPhone maker rallied to an all-time high.Berkshire takes huge bite of Apple, boosts airline stakes - ReutersTracking Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Portfolio - Q4 2016 Update - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers On Berkshire Hathaway, First Hawaiian And E*TRADE Benzinga - 22 hours ago Jim Cramer said on CNBC's Mad Money that value of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  is much larger than its current market capitalization."
p7
aS"BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.  Files An 8-K Mine Safety  Reporting of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 On March 5, 2017, Bridger Coal Company, a coal mining joint venture that is two-thirds owned and operated by PacifiCorp, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., received an imminent danger order under section 107 of the&nbsp;...Why Warren Buffett Thinks Berkshire Hathaway Stock Is Worth At Least $206500 - Motley FoolShould AIG be on Buffett's shopping list? - Business Insurance"
p8
aS'Will Berkshire Hathaway Inc  Continue To Underperform Its Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Berkshire Hathaway Inc , with a ROE of 9% over the past twelve months, appeared relatively inefficient compared to the broader industry, which averaged 13.56% ROE.'
p9
aS"Warren Buffett says Berkshire Hathaway owns 133 million shares of Apple: CNBC Financial Express - Mar 6, 2017 Warren Buffett, chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, told CNBC on Monday that his conglomerate had purchased 70 million plus shares of Apple Inc in 2017 and that U.S.How Many Shares of Apple Does Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Own? - Motley FoolVetr Inc. Upgrades Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  to Buy - The Cerbat Gem"
p10
a.