(lp0
S"Bovie Medical Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Bovie Medical Corporation is a leading maker of medical devices and supplies as well as the developer of J-Plasma, a patented plasma-based surgical product for cutting and coagulation. J-Plasma utilizes a helium ionization process to produce a stable ...Bovie Medical Corporation's  CEO Rob Gershon on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Bovie Medical Corporation to Present at 29th Annual Roth Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Bovie Medical Corporation  , a maker of medical devices and supplies and the developer of J-Plasma, a patented new surgical product, announced today that Robert L. Gershon, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, will&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Revenue Update on Bovie Medical Corporation Energy Index - Mar 14, 2017 Bovie Medical Corporation announced the earnings results for Fiscal Year 2016 and Q4. The results came in during After-Market on Mar 9, 2017.Share Focus: Watching Levels for Bovie Medical Corp  - Rives JournalEPS for Bovie Medical  Expected At $-0.01, Trexquant Investment LP ... - Wolcott Daily'
p3
aS"Bovie Medical's Turnaround Is Here Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2016 Bovie has built a &quot;better mousetrap&quot; that the market needs - J-Plasma - with a $1B initial market in the US. Bovie's J-Plasma produces a recurring, predictable, diversified, high margin revenue stream. Bovie's J-Plasma is FDA and CEMark approved and ..."
p4
aS'Bovie Medical Provides J-Plasma Update PR Newswire  - Jan 31, 2017 CLEARWATER, Fla., Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bovie Medical Corporation , provided an update on its J-Plasma product.Bovie Medical Co.  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Bovie Medical Corporation Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call Business Wire  - Feb 27, 2017 CLEARWATER, Fla.----Bovie Medical , a maker of medical devices and supplies and the developer of J-Plasma, a patented new surgical product, today announced that its fourth-quarter 2016 earnings conference call will take place&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Bovie Medical Corporation  versus Invacare ... - CML News'
p6
aS"Bovie Medical Announces Sales Channel Partnership Agreement with Hologic for J ... Business Wire  - Jul 21, 2016 Bovie Medical Corporation is also a leader in the manufacture of a range of electrosurgical products and technologies, marketed through both private labels and the Company's own well-respected brands  to distributors&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Bovie Medical tanks after failing to renew J-Plasma deal with Hologic Mass Device - Feb 2, 2017 Bovie Medical  saw shares plummet this week after it announced it did not extend the sales channel partnership with Hologic  for its J-Plasma product, which is set to expire at the end of February.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Bovie Medical Corporation  versus IRadimed ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bovie Medical Corporation  versus IRadimed Corporation  .Bovie Medical Co.  to Release Earnings on Thursday - Chaffey Breeze'
p9
aS'Bovie Medical Appoints Eminent Gynecologic Oncologist to Medical Advisory Board Yahoo Finance - Jan 24, 2017 Bovie Medical Corporation  , a maker of medical devices and supplies and the developer of J-Plasma, a patented new surgical product, announced today the appointment of Dr.'
p10
a.