(lp0
S"Buffalo Wild Wings franchisees side with CEO in investor fight Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Mar 14, 2017 A group representing most Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. franchisees has come out in support of company management in its struggle with an activist investor looking to upend the company's strategy and board of directors.Franchisees throw support behind Buffalo Wild Wings - Meat & Poultry Federated Investors Inc. PA Sells 256 Shares of Buffalo Wild Wings  - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS'Franchisee group backs Buffalo Wild Wings management in tussle with activist Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 13, 2017 A sizable group of Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. franchisees on Monday expressed support for the company and Chief Executive Sally Smith in a fight with an activist shareholder over business strategy.Buffalo Wild Wings BOGO deal Monday - WRAL.com'
p2
aS'Commit To Buy Buffalo Wild Wings At $115, Earn 8% Using Options Nasdaq - 17 hours ago Investors considering a purchase of Buffalo Wild Wings Inc  shares, but cautious about paying the going market price of $150.55/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.Buffalo Wild Wings Launches We Do It For You Campaign Tied to NCAA March ... - Yahoo FinanceIn It For The Long Haul? Long Term Growth Pick: Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc ... - Aiken Advocate'
p3
aS"Investor Turns Up the Heat at Buffalo Wild Wings Barron's - Mar 10, 2017 A top investor at Buffalo Wild Wings thinks that management there isn't putting its money where its mouth is. Mick McGuire, founder of activist hedge fund Marcato Capital Management, owns 5.6% of the company's shares.Buffalo Wild Wings execs have 'not put their money where their mouth is ... - CNBC"
p4
aS"K9 fundraiser at Buffalo Wild Wings WeAreGreenBay.com - Mar 9, 2017 GRAND CHUTE, Wis. - If you like dogs and wings, you can help out the Outagamie County Sheriff's Office Thursday. The department will be holding their K9 fundraiser at the Buffalo Wild Wings in Grand Chute at College and Casaloma. Over the last 3 years,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings hiring workers for Athens restaurant opening in March AL.com - Feb 27, 2017 The chicken wings restaurant and sports bar will host open interviews from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.Activist investor Marcato turns up heat on Buffalo Wild Wings - ReutersHere's the brutal presentation that an activist investor just published about ... - Business Insider"
p6
aS"Sports Shorts: Buffalo Wild Wings captures RMHL title Foster's Daily Democrat - Mar 15, 2017 ROCHESTER - Buffalo Wild Wings completed a run from the cellar to the top on Monday evening as they captured the Rochester Men's Hockey League playoff championship with a 5-3 win over RSA Realty at the Rochester Arena."
p7
aS"Chicago developer nets Buffalo Wild Wings deal for March Madness Chicago Tribune - Mar 7, 2017 A Chicago startup is looking to score more business with the nation's upcoming focus on March Madness, thanks to client MillerCoors and a partnership with Buffalo Wild Wings. Box Score Games creates mobile games to be played while watching sports&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Buffalo Wild Wings: Avoid The Wild Ride Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 Last week Buffalo Wild Wings  reported a Q4 EPS of $0.87, a definitive miss of $0.40. The company also slightly missed  on revenue of $494.19 million .Racine paramedics save man overdosing in bathroom at Buffalo Wild Wings - WISN MilwaukeeStep-daughter of victim enters plea in Sanford Buffalo Wild Wings shooting - Orlando Sentinel'
p9
aS"Did Buffalo Wild Wings Management Restore Confidence? Benzinga - Feb 14, 2017 Following an advisor call on Buffalo Wild Wings  Monday, Wedbush's Nick Setyan mentioned that there was a feeling that the company's value proposition has been lost, particularly on value days.Buffalo Wild Wings shooter pleads guilty - The Commercial DispatchAnalyst Activity  Wedbush Reiterates Neutral on Buffalo Wild Wings  - Market Exclusive"
p10
a.