(lp0
S'Citigroup Is A Value Play Seeking Alpha - 22 hours ago Citigroup is one of the leading global banks, with a unique business profile among large U.S. banks. It has a strong capitalization and very good capital return prospects, through its dividend payments and share buyback program.'
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Citigroup Inc Initiates Coverage On Dermira (NASDAQ:DERM ... Market Exclusive - 10 hours ago The current consensus rating on Dermira  is Hold  with a consensus target price of $43.80 per share, a potential 21.13% upside.Dermira Inc  Now Covered by Analysts at Citigroup Inc - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS"Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Facebook, Inc. , Citigroup Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 21 hours ago Citigroup Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p3
aS"Citigroup: The Tension Between Higher Interest Rates And Lower Taxes Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 The Federal Reserve is set to raise interest this week - and is likely to raise rates further as the year progresses. Contrary to general wisdom, higher interest rates aren't necessarily good for banks and, in the case of Citigroup, higher rates could ...The Fed Raised Rates. Don't Expect the Same for Your Bank Deposits - Wall Street Journal "
p4
aS"Looking at the Tea Leaves for Citigroup Inc.  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Citigroup Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS"Drilling Down Into Citigroup Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Citigroup Inc.  is an interesting player in the Financial space, with a focus on Money Center Banks. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $61.53, up from yesterday's close by 0.07%."
p6
aS"OPEC Needs to Prolong Cuts After Swelling Surplus, Citi Says Bloomberg - Feb 23, 2017 OPEC and its partners probably need to prolong production cuts simply to counteract the glut they created just prior to the deal, according to Citigroup Inc. The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and allies including Russia don't need to ..."
p7
aS'Analyst Activity  Citigroup Inc Initiates Coverage On Herbalife (NYSE:HLF ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 The current consensus rating on Herbalife  is Hold  with a consensus target price of $78.00 per share, a potential 45.33% upside.Herbalife Ltd.  Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: General Motors Company , Citigroup ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Citigroup Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p9
aS"Anglo American plc  Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Anglo American plc logo Anglo American plc 's stock had its neutral rating reiterated by analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research report issued on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 1,450  price target on the mining company's stock."
p10
a.