(lp0
S"Credit Acceptance to add 532 jobs in $33 million expansion in Southfield Crain's Detroit Business - Feb 28, 2017 Southfield-based auto lender Credit Acceptance Corp. plans to add more than 500 jobs in an expansion of its corporate headquarters.Credit Acceptance Corp.  Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest - Community Financial NewsJanney Capital Downgrades Credit Acceptance Corp. to Sell - Money Flow Index & Trends"
p1
aS'Credit Acceptance to expand Michigan headquarters, add 532 jobs Automotive News   - Mar 1, 2017 DETROIT -- Auto lender Credit Acceptance Corp. plans to add more than 500 jobs in an expansion of its corporate headquarters in suburban Detroit.'
p2
aS"Grupo Antolin, Credit Acceptance plan local expansions Crain's Detroit Business - Mar 5, 2017 Spanish auto supplier Grupo Antolin and Southfield-based auto lender Credit Acceptance Corp. are planning newly announced major local expansions that will bring hundreds of new jobs."
p3
aS"Prescience Point Unleashes Tweetstorm On Credit Acceptance Benzinga - Dec 16, 2016 Credit Acceptance Corp.  got caught in a tweetstorm by Prescience Point LLC, which credits itself for its short recommendations and proficiency in unraveling shady plots of muddled companies.Credit Acceptance Corp.  Stock: Here's Why It's Tanking - CNA Finance Short seller takes small bite out of Credit Acceptance - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS'Notes On Credit Acceptance Corp. Seeking Alpha - Jul 25, 2016 I recently made a list of a few shareholder letters I want to read, and one that I completed a few days ago was Credit Acceptance Corp. . This post is not a comprehensive review of the business, as I just started reading about the company.'
p5
aS"Credit Acceptance Corp.: Don't Buy Stock From A Used Car Salesman Seeking Alpha - Dec 9, 2015 Credit Acceptance  faces a myriad of financial, regulatory and operational challenges. Despite these many challenges, the company has aggressively tendered for its own equity in 2014 by leveraging its balance sheet."
p6
aS'Kansans who financed cars through Credit Acceptance Corp. could see $250 credits Wichita Eagle - Aug 19, 2016 Kansans who financed their vehicles through Michigan-based Credit Acceptance Corp. could soon see a $250 credit to their accounts.'
p7
aS'Credit Acceptance: A Structural Short Seeking Alpha - Sep 21, 2016 I recommended shorting the shares of Credit Acceptance Corp.  at the beginning of this year , arguing that the imbalances brewing up in new vehicle market will manifest into used vehicle market resulting in severe headwinds for&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Michigan's Top Large Workplaces: No. 2, Credit Acceptance Detroit Free Press - Nov 20, 2016 This year - again - Credit Acceptance is a Top Workplaces winner among large businesses. The company gives customers with damaged credit a second chance to buy a used car through auto dealers."
p9
aS'Credit Acceptance Corp: Earn A 6.1% Annual Yield With These Bonds Seeking Alpha - Aug 8, 2016 In this article, I will detail why I recommend purchasing the corporate bonds of Credit Acceptance , which expire in February-2021, yield 6.125% and trade around par at the moment.'
p10
a.