(lp0
S'WesBanco, Inc. Consummates Merger with Your Community Bankshares, Inc. and ... PR Newswire  - Sep 9, 2016 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WesBanco, Inc.  , a multi-state bank holding company with total assets of approximately $8.4 billion, and Your Community Bankshares, Inc.  , a bank holding company&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'WesBanco, Inc. Announces Agreement and Plan of Merger with Your Community ... PR Newswire  - May 3, 2016 WHEELING, W.Va., May 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WesBanco, Inc.   and Your Community Bankshares, Inc.   jointly announced today that they have executed a definitive Agreement and Plan of&nbsp;...Your Community Bank signs $221M merger deal - Louisville Business FirstWesBanco to expand to Indiana, Kentucky - Pittsburgh Business Times'
p2
aS'Your Community Bankshares, Inc. Announces Completion of Merger of The Scott ... Business Wire  - Aug 31, 2015 NEW ALBANY, Ind.----Your Community Bankshares, Inc. , today announced it has successfully completed the merger and system conversions of its two banking subsidiaries, The Scott County State Bank and Your&nbsp;...Your Community Bank names president for Clark, Scott counties - Louisville Business First'
p3
aS'Your Community Bankshares Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement with WesBanco Yahoo Finance - Aug 19, 2016 Your Community Bankshares, Inc. , the holding company for Your Community Bank, announced today that YCB shareholders voted to approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 3, 2016, between WesBanco, Inc.  and YCB.'
p4
aS'Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc.  Announces Corporate Name Change ... Business Wire  - Jun 29, 2015 NEW ALBANY, Ind.----Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. , the holding company for Your Community Bank and The Scott County State Bank, announced today that it has officially changed the name of the company to&nbsp;...With growing footprint across states, New Albany bank changes name, stock symbol - Louisville Business First'
p5
aS'Your Community Bank Merger Complete Inside INdiana Business - Sep 13, 2016 West Virginia-based WesBanco Inc.  has completed its $221 million acquisition of New Albany-based Your Community Bankshares Inc. . As a result of the deal, more than 30 Your Community Bank branches will be rebranded&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Your Community Bank Hosts Official Grand Opening of Evansville Location Business Wire  - Apr 22, 2016 EVANSVILLE, Ind.----Your Community Bank announced the official grand opening of its' Evansville financial center with a ribbon cutting ceremony today."
p7
aS'Your Community Bank Announces Entry into Evansville, IN Market Business Wire  - Jul 6, 2015 Your Community Bank named Darren Spainhoward as Regional President. Spainhoward will be responsible for the development of the Your Community Bank brand in the Evansville market, as well as community outreach and hiring of additional personnel.Your Community Bank expands into a new market - Louisville Business First'
p8
aS'Your Community Bank Shareholders Give Merger Thumbs Up Inside INdiana Business - Aug 22, 2016 The shareholders of Your Community Bankshares Inc.  have approved the $221 million acquisition of the bank. The merger with WesBanco Inc.  of West Virginia is expected to be complete by the end of the third quarter.'
p9
aS'Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. Names New Board Member Business Wire  - Feb 4, 2015 NEW ALBANY, Ind.----Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. , the holding company for Your Community Bank and The Scott County State Bank, today has named Phillip J. Keller as a member of its Board of Directors.'
p10
a.