(lp0
S'China Biologic Products Inc. Bottom Line Advances 31% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017  - China Biologic Products Inc.  revealed a profit for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.CHINA BIOLOGIC PRODUCTS, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... - Market ExclusiveStock Returns: Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus China ... - CML News'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: China Biologic Products Inc  versus Inovio ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for China Biologic Products Inc  versus Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc  .Long Term Growth Stock in Review: China Biologic Products, Inc.  - Aiken AdvocateDucking Under the Trend Lines, Shares Look for a Catalyst: China Biologic ... - Midway Monitor'
p2
aS'China Biologic Products: An Alternative To The US Sector Seeking Alpha - May 17, 2016 China Biologic Products Inc. is a mid cap biotech focused on plasma based technology. The firm manufactures twenty products for use in emergency rooms and in the treatment of immuno-deficiency related illnesses.'
p3
aS"China Biologic Has A Wide Moat And Hedges Geographic Risk Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 China Biologic Products does not face the same political pressure faced by U.S based healthcare firms. It's industry is protected by the government."
p4
aS'China Biologic Products Becomes Oversold  Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 In trading on Tuesday, shares of China Biologic Products Inc  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 28.4, after changing hands as low as $100.10 per share.'
p5
aS'Analysts Take the Wheel on China Biologic Products, Inc.  Shares ... Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago Wall Street analysts have a current quarter EPS estimate of $1.24 on shares of China Biologic Products, Inc. .'
p6
aS'Why Could China Biologic Products Inc  Not Be As Efficient As Its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 China Biologic Products Inc , with a ROE of 26.1% over the past twelve months, appeared relatively inefficient compared to the broader industry, which averaged 27.48% ROE.Insider Trading Activity China Biologic Products, Inc.   CEO ... - Market ExclusiveZacks Investment Research Lowers China Biologic Products Inc  to Hold - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'China Biologic Acquires Full Ownership of Guizhou Taibang PR Newswire  - Oct 26, 2016 BEIJING, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China Biologic Products, Inc. , a leading fully integrated plasma-based biopharmaceutical company in China, today announced that Guizhou Taibang Biological&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"What You Must Know About China Biologic Products Inc's  ROE? Simply Wall St - Jan 4, 2017 China Biologic Products Inc's  24.8% ROE over the past year fell short of the performance averaged by the industry, which delivered 26.84% ROE in the same period."
p9
aS"China Biologic Opens Plasma Collection Station in Hebei Province PR Newswire  - Jun 20, 2016 BEIJING, June 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China Biologic Products, Inc. , a leading fully integrated plasma-based biopharmaceutical company in China, today announced that the Company's majority-owned&nbsp;..."
p10
a.