(lp0
S"Cobalt Coal Ltd. Announces Receipt of Default Notice from Virginia Property ... Marketwired  - Jan 9, 2014 Cobalt Coal Ltd.   announces that it has received a notice of rescission of the Share Purchase and Sale agreement from the vendors of the Virginia properties that were previously disclosed in Cobalt's ..."
p1
aS"Insider Trade: Peter Chase Unloaded 1000 Shares of Cobalt Coal Ltd. (CVE:CCF.H ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 13, 2017 Cirrus Logic Incorporated  had an increase of 11.98% in short interest. CRUS's SI was 3.38 million shares in March as released by FINRA."
p2
aS'Tigers Realm Coal Ltd receives government support, shares rise Proactive Investors Australia - Sep 16, 2016 The primary purpose of this agreement is to further strengthen the relationship and co-operation between Tigers Realm and the government in developing the Beringovsky coking coal basin and constructing the necessary transport, logistics and energy&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Tigers Realm Coal Ltd closing in on low cost coking coal production in 2016 Proactive Investors Australia - Aug 9, 2016 Tigers Realm recently completed an update to its November 2014 Feasibility Study for Project F located within Amaam North, based on a substantial increase in Coal resources defined since then. The key outcomes of the update to the feasibility study for&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Australian Pacific Coal Ltd acquires 100% of Dartbrook coal mine Proactive Investors Australia - May 18, 2016 This was after Marubeni exercised its tag-along right to sell its 16.7% interest in Dartbrook to AQC. Anglo had already signed a binding agreement to sell its 83.3% interest to AQC.'
p5
aS"Pacific American Coal Ltd triggers investment in graphene coatings developer Proactive Investors Australia - Jun 3, 2016 Pacific American Coal Ltd's  has completed the acquisition of a 20% stake in Imagine Intelligent Materials, an Australian developer of graphene-based coatings for industrial textiles and fibres."
p6
aS'Dragon Energy Ltd to acquire cobalt-gold project in Western Australia Proactive Investors Australia - Sep 14, 2016 Jonathan King, recently appointed managing director, commented: The sheer scale and grade of the project relative to its peers presents a compelling investment opportunity to capitalise on the recently forecasted shift in demand for cobalt in cathodes ...'
p7
aS"Surging price of coking coal reflects China's muscle Financial Times - Sep 22, 2016 This policy is mainly aimed at improving the profitability of its bloated and heavily indebted coal industry so it can repay loans to domestic banks."
p8
aS"Rio Tinto agrees sale of coal business to Chinese group Yancoal Financial Times - Jan 24, 2017 Yancoal Australia, which is majority owned by China's Yanzhou Coal, will pay almost $2bn in cash upfront for Rio's assets in the Hunter Valley, New South Wales, plus $500m in annual instalments of $100m over five years."
p9
aS'Prairie Mining Ltd pushes ahead with strategic Polish coal project Proactive Investors Australia - May 25, 2016 Prairie Mining Ltd  has submitted a mining concession application at the Lublin Coal Project in Poland, where a pre-feasibility study  had confirmed the robust economics and technical viability of the project.'
p10
a.