(lp0
S"Wednesday's Market Insights: Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc. , Seagate ... Smarter Analyst - Jan 25, 2017 With too many press releases to keep track of, here's a running tab of the updates which we find most relevant. Most important so far today are Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc. , Seagate Technology PLC , and Cree, Inc.DENSO Partners With CDTi On New Line Of PowerEdge Heavy-Duty OE Replacement ... - AftermarketNews.com "
p1
aS"Clean Diesel Technologies , DENSO Announce Pact to Provide CDTi's ... StreetInsider.com - Jan 24, 2017 Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  , a leader in advanced emission control technology, has partnered with DENSO Products and Services Americas Inc., an affiliate of leading global automotive supplier DENSO Corp.Replacement DPFs coming from Denso, Clean Diesel Technology - Fleet OwnerDenso adding after treatment to PowerEdge lineup, publishes first digital ... - Commercial Carrier Journal"
p2
aS"Clean Diesel Technologies  to Provide Technology to Honda for Newly ... StreetInsider.com - Jul 12, 2016 Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  announced it is providing catalysts featuring CDTi's high-performance Mixed Phase Catalyst  technology to Honda for its newly designed 2017 Accord Hybrid model."
p3
aS'CDTi Appoints Peter J. Chase Chief Operating Officer GlobeNewswire  - Jan 30, 2017 OXNARD, Calif., Jan. 30, 2017  -- Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  , a leader in advanced emission control technology, appointed Peter J. Chase as Chief Operating Officer effective today,&nbsp;...BRIEF-CDTi appoints Peter J. Chase chief operating officer - Reuters'
p4
aS'Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  Enters Deal To Eliminate $8 ... Scibility Media - Jul 6, 2016 Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  has come up with a plan to strengthen its balance. The company recently announced that it will convert nearly $8 million in debt into equity.'
p5
aS'Clean Diesel Technologies  Will Close Markham, Ontario, Facility StreetInsider.com - Dec 11, 2015 Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  announced it is closing its manufacturing facility located in Markham, Ontario to align its operating footprint in support of its advanced materials strategy.'
p6
aS'Clean Diesel Technologies  Says 1-for-5 Reverse Split to be Effective ... StreetInsider.com - Jul 22, 2016 Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  announced the expected effective date of its 1-for-5 reverse stock split.CDTi Announces Effective Date of Reverse Stock Split - GlobeNewswire '
p7
aS'Clean Diesel Technologies Inc.: CDTi Announces Timing of Fourth Quarter and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 9, 2017 OXNARD, Calif., March 09, 2017  -- Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  , a leader in advanced emission control technology, announced it will report its fourth quarter and year-end 2016 financial&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'CDTi Announces Changes to its Sales and Marketing Organization GlobeNewswire  - Oct 5, 2016 OXNARD, Calif., Oct. 05, 2016  -- Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  announced changes to its sales team and promoted Jason Soika to Vice President, Sales and Marketing, North America effective&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest Chaffey Breeze - Mar 10, 2017 Clean Diesel Technologies logo Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  was the recipient of a large decline in short interest in February.Would You Buy Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  On These Analyst Ratings? - Fiscal StandardAnalysts Watch Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc.  And Issue New Targets - NewsDen'
p10
a.