(lp0
S"5 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Celgene Corporation Madison.com - 12 hours ago The company sometimes even sold biocatalysts to customers and licensed its process technology to produce chemical intermediates. Celgene stayed in the chiral chemicals business until 1998, when it sold the operations to Cambrex Corporation.Celgene Corporation's  Management Presents at Barclays Global Healthcare ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Celgene: A Growth Stock You Don't Want To Miss Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 The company operates in more than 60 countries and sells its products in more than 70. In 2016, Celgene generated sales of $11.2 billion."
p2
aS'Celgene Corporation  Stock Is Staging a Tempting Breakout Investorplace.com - Mar 10, 2017 If there was ever a doubt, the latest price action in Celgene Corporation  should help ease those fears and usher in more investor cheer in the coming weeks.'
p3
aS"Celgene Corp Presents Cowen Health Care Broker Conference   Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Good morning, everyone. My name is Eric Schmidt, and on behalf of the Cowen team I want to welcome you back to our 37th Annual Healthcare Conference, day three.Celgene Adds To Wednesday's Gain - Benzinga"
p4
aS'The company addressed these topics at a Cowen and Company healthcare ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 In addition, CELG laid out a simplified list of its pipeline drugs by date and sales potential that may assist investors in their understanding of its plans.'
p5
aS"Celgene: A 'Fuggedaboutit' Core Biotech Holding Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Few large-cap biotech concerns have a clearer earnings and revenue growth trajectory over the next 3-5 years than Celgene. It has a blockbuster blood cancer drug, several other solid compounds in its product portfolio, a deep pipeline, and dozens of&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Stock Update : Celgene Corporation Announces Positive Phase III ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 17, 2017 Celgene Corporation  announced that its phase III SUNBEAM trial, evaluating the efficacy and safety of ozanimod, an investigational oral, selective S1P 1 and 5 receptor modulator, in patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis , met ...Celgene Higher Off Positive Phase II Sunbeam Trial Of Oral Ozanimod - Benzinga'
p7
aS"Celgene Announces Oral OTEZLA Demonstrated Significant Improvement vs Placebo ... Benzinga - Mar 5, 2017 Celgene Corporation  today announced that results from its phase 4 UNVEIL trial evaluating OTEZLA , the Company's oral, selective inhibitor of phosphodiesterase 4 , in patients with moderate plaque psoriasis with a&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Celgene Corporation Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Celgene Corporation  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p9
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Invesco Ltd. , Celgene Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Celgene Corporation , at its latest closing price of $124.68, it has a price-to-book ratio of 14.68, compared to an industry average at 10.38.Is Celgene Corporation  Finding Support or Hitting Resistance? - USA Commerce DailyJefferies on Biotechnology: Celgene Corporation  - Smrt Stck Nws"
p10
a.