(lp0
S"Stock Update : Cempra Inc Retains Morgan Stanley to Lead Review ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 13, 2017 Cempra Inc  announced that the company has retained Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. LLC as financial advisor to the company and to lead its recently announced process to review strategic business options.Cempra Retains Morgan Stanley to Lead Review of Strategic Business Options - Yahoo FinanceLet's Get Technical With Cempra, Inc.  - USA Commerce Daily"
p1
aS"Roth Capital Gets Bullish on Cempra Inc  Following Phase 3 Trial Success Smarter Analyst - Feb 27, 2017 Cempra Inc  shares are rising close to 6% today on back of the biotech firm's reveal that Phase 3 data read-outs in the first study of two skin infection  studies with its fusidic acid pill Taksta have met both primary as well as ...Cempra's bacterial skin infection drug clears study, shares surge - ReutersRoth Capital Upgrades Cempra, Inc.  to Buy Ahead Of Bone Data In 2017 - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS'Cempra Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Cempra Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p3
aS"Another Crash Snuffs Out The Cempra Rally Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Cempra's  mini-rally did not last long. A phase III failure of its lead antibiotic, solithromycin, in gonorrhoea has cancelled out last week's gains from positive results with its second-most advanced asset, Taksta.Short Term Stock Rating on Cempra, Inc.  - Energy IndexFY2017 EPS Estimates for Cempra Inc Boosted by SunTrust Banks  - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS"Tuesday's Market Insights: Castle Brands Inc , Seadrill Ltd (SDRL ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 28, 2017 Castle Brands Inc  shares skyrocketed over 40% after the premium branded spirits company announced an agreement to supply Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer and Goslings Stormy Diet Ginger Beer to all U.S."
p5
aS'Cempra Inc Stock Volatility Hits An Unsually High Level CML News - 13 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Cempra Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day and 30 ...'
p6
aS"Monday Movers In Biotech: Cempra Inc  and IntelliPharmaCeutics ... Market Exclusive - Feb 27, 2017 It's going to be a good start to the week for a few companies in the biotech space, after a raft of positive news hit the wires on Friday."
p7
aS'Chapel Hill drug firm Cempra puts itself up for sale WRAL Tech Wire - Mar 14, 2017 Chapel Hill, N.C. - Clinical stag drug maker Cempra Inc. put itself up for sale on Monday, two weeks after it laid off two-third of its workers after Phase III results for one of its drugs came back disappointing.'
p8
aS'Cempra to Report Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results GlobeNewswire  - Feb 14, 2017 CHAPEL HILL, N.C., Feb. 14, 2017  -- Cempra, Inc. , a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing antibiotics to meet critical medical needs in the treatment of bacterial infectious diseases, today&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Cempra to Present at 29th Annual ROTH Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 3, 2017 CHAPEL HILL, N.C., March 03, 2017  -- Cempra, Inc. , a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing differentiated anti-infectives for the acute care and community settings to meet critical medical needs&nbsp;...'
p10
a.