(lp0
S'Shares of Colfax Corporation Plunge 10% Despite Topping Estimates Motley Fool - May 3, 2016 What: Shares of Colfax Corporation , a leading global manufacturer of gas and fluid handling and fabrication products and services, are dropping 10% after the company announced its first-quarter financial results.'
p1
aS'Colfax Corp. - Restructuring Efforts To Counter Downturn In Top Line Performance Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2015 Colfax Corp , the industrial manufacturing and engineering company reported an adjusted EPS of $0.24, which is significantly below our expectations for the third quarter.'
p2
aS'Colfax to acquire business unit from Siemens AG for $205 million Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 8, 2017 Colfax Corp. is continuing its growth after agreeing to a $205 million deal to acquire a business unit from German conglomerate Siemens AG.Colfax Announces Acquisition of Siemens Turbomachinery Equipment GmbH - GlobeNewswire Colfax To Acquire Siemens Turbomachinery Business - Diesel & Gas Turbine Worldwide'
p3
aS'The Gabelli Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Colfax Corp  Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Colfax Corp  - Investment analysts at Gabelli raised their FY2018 EPS estimates for Colfax Corp in a research note issued to investors on Thursday.Colfax Corp  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Rajiv Vinnakota Sells 500 Shares - Energy Index'
p4
aS"Colfax Corp. hires new CEO Baltimore Sun - Jul 24, 2015 Colfax Corp. has tapped a former DuPont senior vice president as its next chief executive. Matthew L. Trerotola will replace Steven E. Simms, who will assist in the transition and will continue to serve on the company's board of directors.New Colfax CEO has $6.75 million signing bonus - Baltimore Business Journal"
p5
aS"Colfax Corp.'s New CFO Has a Winning Record TheStreet.com - Jun 3, 2016 There are a few people out there that we just admire, and one of them I do is Christopher Hix, whom Colfax Corp.  named yesterday as its chief financial officer."
p6
aS"Adding value to a company  and community Charlotte Business Journal - Feb 24, 2017 Kevin Chapman's career took several twists and turns before he landed at Colfax Corp. as North America legal counsel. After he graduated from UNC Chapel Hill with a bachelor's degree in business administration, Chapman was a finance associate at what&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'CFO Moves: Colfax Corp., Nektar Therapeutics, Western Refining Logistics Wall Street Journal  - Jun 2, 2016 Colfax Corp., a manufacturing and engineering company based in Annapolis Junction, Md., named Christopher Hix finance chief, following the filing of its second-quarter report.'
p8
aS"Outsider's Edge And No-Brainer Decisions: Colfax Corporation Seeking Alpha - Dec 6, 2015 Short term end-market weakness  has depressed earnings. The underlying business operations remain intact, resulting in a high FCF generating company."
p9
aS'Colfax Corporation: COLFAX REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER 2016 RESULTS The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 2, 2017 Colfax Corporation is a diversified global manufacturing and engineering company that provides gas- and fluid-handling and fabrication technology products and services to commercial and governmental customers around the world under the Howden,&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Colfax Corporation  is Beating Actuant Corporation ... - CML NewsColfax Corporation  Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.