(lp0
S'Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Feb 21, 2017 Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. is a real estate development and services company focused on the Washington, District of Columbia (D.'
p1
aS'Comstock Holding Cos. Inc. Cl A MarketWatch - Dec 21, 2009 Comstock Holding Cos. Inc. Cl A. NASDAQ: CHCI. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p2
aS"Is Comstock Homebuilders Ready To 'Spring'? Seeking Alpha - Mar 25, 2014 Perhaps the biggest bubble by actual dollar value in the history of the world was the housing bubble that exploded in 2008. It seems every market was hit and the homebuilders, who were the darlings of Wall Street in the early part of the 2000's were ..."
p3
aS'Comstock Holding Companies Inc.  Plans Stock Split Scibility Media - Jul 21, 2016 Beginning August 1, Comstock Holding Companies Inc.  will have fewer shares outstanding than it has today. That is because the company is in the process of undertaking a reverse stock split that will dramatically reduce its outstanding&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. Announces Changes in Senior Management Team Business Wire  - May 9, 2014 RESTON, Va.----Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.  , a homebuilding and multi-faceted real estate development and services company in the Washington, D.C.'
p5
aS'Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - 7 hours ago Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. is a real estate development and services company focused on the Washington, District of Columbia (D.Is Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.  Ready for a Breakout? - Morgan ResearchStock Survey: Checking Levels for Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.  - Baldwin Journal'
p6
aS'Comstock Holding Companies Announces 1-for-7 Reverse Share Split Business Wire  - Sep 25, 2015 WASHINGTON &amp; RESTON, Va.----Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., ,  announced today the execution of a reverse stock split  of its issued and outstanding shares of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Comstock Holding Companies Appoints Joseph M. Squeri to the Board of Directors Business Wire  - Oct 23, 2015 WASHINGTON &amp; RESTON, Va.----Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.  , a multi-faceted real estate development and services company focused on the Washington, DC market, today&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Stock inside Traders Spotlight: Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.  TRA - Jan 19, 2017 Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.  has its dividend  of 0 while its Dividend Yield  is 0%.'
p9
aS'Comstock Holding Reports Closing of Transaction by Its Real Estate Services ... Business Wire  - Feb 24, 2015 WASHINGTON &amp; RESTON, Va.----Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. , , announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Comstock Real Estate Services, LC  has arranged the equity placement for the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.