(lp0
S'MainSource Financial Group  to Acquire Cheviot Financial Corp  for ... StreetInsider.com - Nov 24, 2015 MainSource Financial Group, Inc.   announced today that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire all of the common stock of Cheviot Financial Corp.   in a&nbsp;...Cincinnati bank to be acquired - Cincinnati Business CourierCheviot Savings Bank sold for $107M - Cincinnati.com'
p1
aS"Cincinnati bank names new chairman Cincinnati Business Courier - Aug 12, 2015 He's the secretary of Hawkstone Associates Inc., which does business as Triumph Energy Corp., a local gasoline wholesaler and retailer."
p2
aS'Activism: MainSource Financial To Acquire Cheviot Financial Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2015 On November 23, 2015, MainSource Financial Group, Inc.   and Cheviot Financial Corp.   agreed to merge in a cash and stock transaction.'
p3
aS'MainSource Financial Group Expands Presence in Cincinnati; Completes its ... PR Newswire  - May 23, 2016 GREENSBURG, Ind., May 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- MainSource Financial Group, Inc.   announced today that it has finalized the acquisition of all the common stock of Cheviot Financial Corp  in a&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Cheviot Financial names Reitzes CEO Cincinnati.com - Apr 28, 2015 The parent company of Cheviot Savings Bank named interim president and chief executive officer Mark Reitzes as the permanent leader of Cheviot Financial Corp. &quot;After thoughtful evaluation and consideration, the board of directors determined that the ...Cincinnati bank hires permanent CEO - Cincinnati Business Courier'
p5
aS'Bore Yourself All The Way To The Bank Benzinga - Feb 14, 2014 Cheviot Financial  is the holding company for Cheviot Savings, a 13-branch bank in Hamilton County, Ohio.'
p6
aS"MainSource Seals Deal For Cheviot Bank Inside INdiana Business - May 24, 2016 Greensburg-based MainSource Financial Group Inc.  has closed on its acquisition of a Cincinnati bank. The deal for Cheviot Financial Corp. is valued at more than $100 million. The move added 12 Cincinnati-area locations to MainSource's&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Cheviot Savings CEO out as investors buy in Cincinnati.com - Feb 4, 2015 In October, Cheviot Financial Corp., the bank's parent company, announced an agreement with New Jersey activist investor Lawrence Seidman to expand its board of directors to include a local attorney he recommended: David Rosenberg, a partner at&nbsp;...Cincinnati bank president, CEO steps down - Cincinnati Business Courier"
p8
aS"Cincinnati bank discloses pay for new CEO Cincinnati Business Courier - Feb 18, 2015 One of Cincinnati's largest locally based banks has revealed how much it's paying its new CEO, with an interesting twist added for the interim chief."
p9
aS"Cincinnati hedge fund managers raise $60 million for new fund Cincinnati Business Courier - Jul 27, 2015 FSI Group had invested $261 million in 56 stocks as of March 31, it said in a quarterly SEC filing. That includes Elbrook's investments as well as those of Financial Stocks."
p10
a.