(lp0
S"Chesapeake Lodging Trust Reports Fourth Quarter Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 ... actions we are taking to invest in our hotel portfolio for the longer-term along with market specific factors that are expected to negatively impact certain of our hotels, said James L. Francis, Chesapeake Lodging Trust's President and Chief ...Chesapeake Lodging Trust of Beneficial Interest  Moves Higher on Volume ... - Equities.comChesapeake Lodging Trust's  CEO James Francis on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'BRIEF-Chesapeake Lodging Trust Q4 adjusted FFO per share $0.48 Reuters - Feb 22, 2017 PARIS, Feb 23 French waste and water group Suez is considering an acquisition of the water business of U.S. industrial conglomerate General Electric, a Suez spokeswoman said on Thursday, confirming media reports.'
p2
aS'Chesapeake Lodging Trust of Beneficial Interest  Moves Lower on Volume ... Equities.com - Feb 17, 2017 Chesapeake Lodging Trust of Beneficial Interest  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 17, as the stock lost 1.02% to close at $25.33.Chesapeake Lodging Trust  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday - Community Financial News'
p3
aS'R-Squared Dividend Growth of Chesapeake Lodging Trust  Highland Mirror - 21 hours ago The dividend growth rate of Chesapeake Lodging Trust calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 16.94% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.95.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Chesapeake Lodging Trust  - Fiscal StandardChesapeake Lodging Trust  Continuing to Trade Below Moving Averages - Midway Monitor'
p4
aS"Option Market: Chesapeake Lodging Trust Risk Hits A Deteriorated Level CML News - Mar 13, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Chesapeake Lodging Trust&nbsp;...The Public Sector Pension Investment Board Continues to Hold Stake in ... - Petro Global News 24Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Chesapeake Lodging Trust  to Sell - Community Financial News"
p5
aS'James Royal Palm in Miami Beach to be acquired in $278M deal South Florida Business Journal - Feb 23, 2015 Chesapeake Lodging Trust announced it will acquire the James Royal Palm Hotel in a $278 million deal. The property at 1545 Collins Ave.'
p6
aS'Chesapeake Lodging Trust  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 7, 2017 Chesapeake Lodging Trust logo Shares of Chesapeake Lodging Trust  have earned an average rating of Hold from the four brokerages that are presently covering the firm.Zacks Investment Research Lowers Chesapeake Lodging Trust  to Sell - The Cerbat GemAnalysts Set Chesapeake Lodging Trust  PT at $25.00 - BNB Daily '
p7
aS"Royal Palm ownership approved, will become first Tribute by Starwood The Real Deal South Florida    - Apr 28, 2015 At the Miami Beach Planning Board's April meeting this afternoon, Carter McDowell, a partner with Miami law firm Bilzin Sumberg, said his client and current Royal Palm owner Chesapeake Lodging Trust took control of the historic Art Deco property&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Chesapeake Lodging Trust | $CHSP Stock | Shares Spike Down On Preliminary ... TickerTV News  - Jul 13, 2016 Chesapeake Lodging Trust , a real estate investment trust company yesterday reported their preliminary second quarter 2016 financial results.'
p9
aS'Chesapeake Lodging Trust  Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 10, 2017 Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Chesapeake Lodging Trust  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report released on Tuesday morning.The Zacks Investment Research Lowers Chesapeake Lodging Trust  to Sell - DailyQuintOption Trading: Chesapeake Lodging Trust  Winning Short Put Spreads ... - CML News'
p10
a.