(lp0
S'Cinedigm Registration To Put More Downward Pressure On Stock Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Cinedigm  has registered 1.1 million shares of its common stock for sale by certain selling stockholders. The company has a pile of debt, weakening top line revenues, and belated expense rationalization.'
p1
aS"Cinedigm Corp  Making A Comeback Insider Financial - May 5, 2016 Many investors had written Cinedigm Corp  off after the company made new 52 week lows earlier this year. However, the company surprised many after announcing that, in aggregate, Cinedigm's over-the-top streaming channels - Dove&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Cinedigm's Focus On OTT Is The Future Seeking Alpha - Nov 30, 2016 The subscription business for niche audiences demands low customer acquisition costs, fresh content and high retention rates. 2017 will be an important year for management to prove itself as it executes in this competitive space with a large market&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Cinedigm Reaches Agreement With Activist Shareholders  Variety - Jul 31, 2015 Cinedigm Corp. will appoint four new directors to its board after reaching a settlement agreement this week that ends a protracted standoff with a group of activist investors.Struggling Cinedigm Adds Activist Investor Reps To Board - Deadline'
p4
aS"Cinedigm Corp.: Cinedigm Acquires All North American Rights to Two Feature ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 3, 2017 LOS ANGELES---- Cinedigm Corp.  announced today that the Company has closed an agreement to acquire all North American rights to two feature films produced by James Franco, Jennifer Howell and Vince Jolivette's&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Did Cinedigm Corp  Create Value For Shareholders Over The Past One Year? Simply Wall St - Feb 14, 2017 Cinedigm Corp , with a ROE of 18.5% over the past twelve months, appeared relatively inefficient compared to the broader industry, which averaged 19.15% ROE.Examining Cinedigm Corp. 's track record of earnings - Post AnalystCinedigm Corp  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News"
p6
aS"Cinedigm Corp.: Cinedigm Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 14, 2017 Three of Cinedigm's over-the-top streaming channels -- Dove Channel, CONtv, Docurama -- are now available to LeEco consumers on LeEco's Ecophones and Ecotvs as part of the initial launch, and a new channel currently in development is expected to be&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"The Cinedigm Content Library - Powering Netflix, iTunes, Amazon And YouTube Seeking Alpha - Oct 23, 2013 With this move, Cinedigm has conclusively changed their mix of business to be dominated by content. In the past investors didn't like the theater servicing business as much so CIDM shares were penalized for hit."
p8
aS'Cinedigm Corp.: Cinedigm and The WHAM Network Partner to Launch Global Gaming ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 1, 2017 LOS ANGELES---- Cinedigm  and The WHAM Network Inc, announced a partnership to launch The WHAM Network, a 24/7 streaming channel providing news, information and entertainment focused on the global eSports&nbsp;...Cinedigm Corp.  and WHAM Network Inc, announced partnership to ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p9
aS'Cinedigm Corp. Announces 1-for-10 Reverse Stock Split Business Wire  - May 9, 2016 LOS ANGELES----Cinedigm Corp.   today announced that on May 9, 2016 as of the close of business, it will effect a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its Class A common stock.'
p10
a.