(lp0
S"Colgate-Palmolive Company : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - 16 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Colgate-Palmolive Company , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p1
aS"Why Colgate-Palmolive Company's Shares Popped 13% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Not coincidentally, Colgate-Palmolive shares started rising just as any deal between Kraft and Unilever fell apart. Traders were certainly thinking the two companies would work well together, driving shares higher short-term. But this is really ...How Analysts See Colgate-Palmolive Company  Perform Over The Next Year? - Simply Wall StEarnings Clues on The Mosaic Company , Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL ... - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Edison International , Colgate ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Colgate-Palmolive Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 30.96, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Colgate-Palmolive Company  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment ... - BNB Daily Colgate-Palmolive  Dividend Stock Analysis - ValueWalk"
p3
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Company  technical charts are presenting a bleak picture USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago With all other things going on, Colgate-Palmolive Company  has been on a run - rising 11.74 percent in just three months.'
p4
aS"Digging Up the Facts on Colgate-Palmolive Company  StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Personal Products. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $73.37, up from yesterday's close by 0.29%.Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Colgate-Palmolive Company , Simon ... - The USA CommerceColgate-Palmolive Company  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze"
p5
aS"Colgate-Palmolive  Up 7.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Colgate-Palmolive Company CL. Shares have added about 7.5% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Today's Brokerage Rating: HCP, Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Company  - StockNewsJournalWhat Analysts are Predicting For Colgate-Palmolive Company , Union Pacific ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'What Colgate-Palmolive Company  And Its Chart Reveal Today NY Stock News - 21 hours ago The technicals for Colgate-Palmolive Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p7
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Company  Rises 4.32% for February 17 Equities.com - Feb 17, 2017 Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Friday February 17 was Colgate-Palmolive Company , popping some 4.32% to a price of $71.98 a share with some 14.85 million shares trading hands.'
p8
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Company  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 21 Equities.com - Feb 21, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 21, as the stock gained 1.67% to close at $73.18. On the day, Colgate-Palmolive Company saw 10.27 million shares trade hands on 57,114 trades. Considering that the stock&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Company  EPS Anticipation At $0.85 Markets Daily - 21 hours ago Investors will be rereading the fiscal report of Colgate-Palmolive Company . They will reread where this quarter figure fares against projected data.'
p10
a.