(lp0
S'Why Chinese Stocks Leave US Investors Vulnerable U.S. News & World Report - Nov 13, 2014 China Marine Food Group Ltd., a Chinese company then on the New York Stock Exchange, spent $27 million in January 2010 to acquire a firm whose main asset was &quot;algae-based drink know-how.'
p1
aS"Pingtan Marine Enterprise Announces to Enter Consumer Food Market PR Newswire  - 21 hours ago FUZHOU, China, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd.  , a global fishing company based in the People's Republic of China , today announced that Global Deep Ocean Fishing (Pingtan ..."
p2
aS"Food groups embrace 'shrinkflation' to cope with rising costs Financial Times - Dec 2, 2016 So some food groups are resorting to shrinkflation, a device pioneered by American companies in the 1970s to defend profits in an era of stagflation."
p3
aS"China's Science Revolution BBC News - May 21, 2016 From building the biggest experiments the world has ever seen to rolling out the latest medical advances on a massive scale and pushing the boundaries of exploration from the deepest ocean to outer space - China's scientific ambitions are immense. Just ..."
p4
aS"China's Marine Park Boom Is Driving the Capture of Whales and Dolphins TakePart - Jun 14, 2016 Even as SeaWorld moves to end breeding of killer whales and activists hope to resettle captive orcas in sea pens, the ocean's top predator is being hunted in Russia to supply marine parks in China willing to pay $3 million to $5 million or more for an ..."
p5
aS'China and Indonesia in maritime clash Financial Times - Jun 20, 2016 This is the first time in a long time that China is openly declaring that there are overlapping maritime claims, said Evan Laksmana, a foreign policy researcher at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies, an influential think-tank in ...Beijing indicates it may exit UN sea convention if South China Sea ruling ... - The Japan Times'
p6
aS"McDonald's faces test after ceding control of China restaurants Financial Times - Jan 10, 2017 China has grown out of the American fast food craze, says Junheng Li, founder and president of New York-based equity research group JL Warren Capital. KFC's market share fell to 3.6 per cent in 2015 from 6.4 per cent in 2012, according to Euromonitor ...McDonald's agrees China franchise sale - BBC NewsMcDonald's unloads its business in China - Business Insider"
p7
aS'Taiwan launches $1.9bn bailout for big shipping groups Financial Times - Nov 17, 2016 China urged its largest shipbuilders 18 months ago to merge amid industry chaos, as several smaller shipping groups and yards either declared bankruptcy or had their assets frozen.'
p8
aS"The Power of Ports: China's Maritime March The Diplomat - Mar 7, 2017 Taken together, Chinese port operators China Merchants Port Holdings, Cosco Group, and China Shipping Terminal Development, all mainland companies, easily rival the top two companies in the world by container flow (PSA International of Singapore and ..."
p9
aS"China agriculture group eyes 'ambitious' Australia expansion Financial Times - Oct 6, 2016 We are very interested in companies which have technology skills related to human health, food, R&amp;D and also businesses related to lifestyles, which are changing in China, said Angela Liu Chang, chairman of New Hope Liuhe, a group company listed in&nbsp;..."
p10
a.