(lp0
S"Is Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock Next on Ackman's Hit List? Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 The biggest news story Monday was easily Bill Ackman's announcement that Pershing Square Capital Management, Ackman's multibillion-dollar hedge fund, had sold its entire Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  stake at a $3 billion loss.Analyst Activity  Maxim Group Reiterates Hold on Chipotle Mexican Grill (NYSE ... - Market ExclusiveChipotle Mexican Grill Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary - CML News"
p1
aS'Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Returns to Growth: Key Earnings Takeaways Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2017 After taking multiple stumbles backwards over the past year-and-change, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  looks like it may have taken a tentative step forward.Chipotle Mexican Grill: No Reason To Get Excited - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Why Did Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Stock Gain 11% in January? Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 The worst may be over for Chipotle . While its numbers are well below where the chain stood before its food-safety scandal, the Mexican eatery showed tentative signs that customers are returning when it reported Q4 results. That was enough to&nbsp;...Option Trading: Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc  Long Put Spreads and ... - CML NewsMatthew H. Paull Purchases 400 Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS"Is Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.'s Sales Recovery on Track? Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2017 After a year of posting horrendous sales declines, Chipotle Mexican Grill  has finally pulled out of its dive. On Tuesday, the fast-casual chain reported that comparable restaurant sales returned to growth in December.Wedbush Cautiously Optimistic On Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Following ... - Smarter AnalystChipotle Mexican Grill: 70% Upside In The Next 2 Years - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS"What to Watch When Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 29, 2017 This past year has been easily the most challenging period for Chipotle  since it went public in 2006. Twelve months ago, the damage from the restaurant chain's food-safety scare peaked at a 34% dive in customer traffic.Analysts Disagree on Chipotle's Recovery  - Investopedia"
p5
aS"Better Buy: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. vs. Panera Motley Fool - Jan 19, 2017 Chipotle  and Panera Bread  compete for the same customers using a similar strategy. Both companies have pushed the idea that they offer better food than their cheaper fast-food rivals.Chipotle Mexican Grill: I'm Switching My Order - Seeking AlphaChipotle names two new agencies for advertising, media buying - 9NEWS.com"
p6
aS"Better Buy: Starbucks Corporation vs. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Motley Fool - Jan 1, 2017 For a while, Chipotle Mexican Grill  was putting up the type of numbers many didn't think were possible. A mature restaurant with over 1,000 locations putting up comparable-store sales growth  of near 20%?Chipotle Mexican Grill: Finding A Middle Ground - Seeking AlphaPlans filed for Chipotle, Starbucks locations - Farmington Daily Times"
p7
aS"Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Closing All Thai Restaurants Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Last month, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  reported financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016.Exclusive: Chipotle closing ShopHouse chain - Nation's Restaurant NewsBack to the basics at Chipotle - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS"Bear Burritos At Chipotle Mexican Grill Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Chipotle Mexican Grill  has been a short seller's dream for over a year now. Lower lows and lower highs, bad news, earnings misses.Chipotle plans Danville location - GoDanRiver.comRenaissance Technologies LLC Invests $31431000 in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p9
aS"Chipotle Mexican Grill: No Really, It's Getting Better. Barron's  - Mar 9, 2017 Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill  has been stuck in limbo since bottoming in October as Bulls and Bears continue to see reasons for optimism and for worry.Decoding Pershing Square's Mixed Messages On Chipotle - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.