(lp0
S'CNA Announces Joyce Trimuel As Chief Diversity Officer PR Newswire  - Mar 6, 2017 For more information, please visit CNA at www.cna.com. &quot;CNA&quot; is a registered trademark of CNA Financial Corporation. Certain CNA Financial Corporation subsidiaries use the &quot;CNA&quot; trademark in connection with insurance underwriting and claims activities.'
p1
aS'Cna Financial Corp  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 11 hours ago Cna Financial Corp logo Cna Financial Corp  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.CNA Financial Corporation  Mean Rating At ${{RATING_MEAN:40 - RealistInvestor.com'
p2
aS'CNA Announces Douglas Worman as Executive Vice President and Chief ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 For more information, please visit CNA at www.cna.com. &quot;CNA&quot; is a registered trademark of CNA Financial Corporation. Certain CNA Financial Corporation subsidiaries use the &quot;CNA&quot; trademark in connection with insurance underwriting and claims activities.'
p3
aS'CNA Financial Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Feb 6, 2017 CHICAGO, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CNA Financial Corporation  today announced fourth quarter 2016 net income of $241 million, or $0.89 per share, and net operating income of $221 million, or $0.82 per share.Cna Financial Corp  Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0 ... - Highland Mirror'
p4
aS'CNA Announces David Haas As New Florida Branch Vice President PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 For more information, please visit CNA at www.cna.com. &quot;CNA&quot; is a registered trademark of CNA Financial Corporation. Certain CNA Financial Corporation subsidiaries use the &quot;CNA&quot; trademark in connection with insurance underwriting and claims activities.'
p5
aS"CNA Appoints Emma Riza To Vice President, Corporate Development PR Newswire  - Dec 19, 2016 CNA's services include risk management, information services, underwriting, risk control and claims administration. For more information, please visit CNA at www."
p6
aS'CNA Earns Top Award for 2016 Chicago Charity Challenge PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 For more information, please visit CNA at www.cna.com. &quot;CNA&quot; is a registered trademark of CNA Financial Corporation. Certain CNA Financial Corporation subsidiaries use the &quot;CNA&quot; trademark in connection with insurance underwriting and claims activities.'
p7
aS'CNA Named Premier Sponsor of Worldwide Broker Network PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 For more information, please visit CNA at www.cna.com. &quot;CNA&quot; is a registered trademark of CNA Financial Corporation. Certain CNA Financial Corporation subsidiaries use the &quot;CNA&quot; trademark in connection with insurance underwriting and claims activities.'
p8
aS"CNA Announces New Executive Vice President of Technology and Operations PR Newswire  - Jan 25, 2017 CNA's services include risk management, information services, underwriting, risk control and claims administration. For more information, please visit CNA at www."
p9
aS'Allianz Asset Management AG Acquires 662 Shares of Cna Financial Corp  BNB Daily  - Mar 12, 2017 Allianz Asset Management AG raised its stake in Cna Financial Corp  by 0.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p10
a.