(lp0
S"Will CONSOL Energy Inc. Sink or Swim? Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 CONSOL Energy Inc.'s  earnings have fallen for three consecutive years, with the last two dipping well into the red.Analysts Recommendation on: CONSOL Energy Inc.  - Post RegistrarLarge Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in CONSOL Energy Inc.  - Energy Index"
p1
aS"Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in CONSOL Energy ... BNB Daily  - 24 minutes ago CONSOL Energy logo Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. increased its stake in CONSOL Energy Inc.  by 2.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: CONSOL Energy Inc. , EXCO Resources, Inc ... - The USA CommerceSignificant Movements: CONSOL Energy Inc.  - Is stories"
p2
aS'Why CONSOL Energy Inc.  Could Be a Potential Winner March 03, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 3, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is CONSOL Energy Inc.  . This Coal stock has actually seen estimates rise over the past month for the current fiscal year by ...'
p3
aS"Taking a Fresh Look at CONSOL Energy Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago CONSOL Energy Inc.  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Independent Oil &amp; Gas. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $15.11, down from yesterday's close by -1.56%."
p4
aS'Market Conditions Make CONSOL Energy A Bad Investment Candidate Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 However, the company has suffered losses for the past two years due to the fall in natural gas prices. Natural gas oversupply has led to a drastic decrease in price and unusually warm winters have decreased demand for the product.'
p5
aS'Why CONSOL Energy Inc.  Could Be a Potential Winner Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is CONSOL Energy Inc. CNX. This Coal stock has actually seen estimates rise over the past month for the current fiscal year by about 46%. But ...'
p6
aS'CONSOL Energy  Sees Hammer Chart Pattern: Time to Buy? Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago Plus, earnings estimates have been rising for this company, even despite the sluggish trading lately. In just the past 60 days alone 5 estimates have gone higher, compared to none lower, while the consensus estimate has also moved in the right direction.'
p7
aS"The Case for and Against CONSOL Energy Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 CONSOL Energy Inc.  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Independent Oil &amp; Gas. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $15.19, down from yesterday's close by -1.04%.The CONSOL Energy Inc.  Position Raised by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial ... - Petro Global News 24Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $3036000 Stake in CONSOL Energy Inc.  - Sports Perspectives"
p8
aS"Technicals in Focus for CONSOL Energy Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on CONSOL Energy Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'CONSOL Energy  Down 5.1% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for CONSOL Energy Inc. CNX. Shares have lost about 5.1% in that time frame, underperforming the market.'
p10
a.