(lp0
S"5 Things You Didn't Know About Costco Wholesale Corporation Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Costco  opened its 100th warehouse in December 1992. A quarter-century later, the retailer generates $116 billion of annual business out of its 728 locations.Is Costco Wholesale Corporation 's New $60 Annual Membership Fee ... - Traders350Is Costco's Business Model Outdated? - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Costco Wholesale Corporation  Stock: The Danger Is Growing Investorplace.com - Mar 3, 2017 It was opening 30 new stores a year a few years ago, but Costco Addict, which tracks the company's openings, counts only 16 new stores this year in the U.S.Costco Wholesale Corporation Reports Second Quarter and Year-to-Date Operating ... - Yahoo FinanceCostco Wholesale Corporation  Plunges On Big Earnings Miss - Simply Wall St"
p2
aS"BRIEF-Bubs Australia entered into supply agreement with Costco Wholesale ... Reuters - Mar 8, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Costco Wholesale Corporation, 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Costco Wholesale Corporation  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p4
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Costco Wholesale Corporation , PPL Corporation ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Large Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Costco Wholesale ... - Highland MirrorAnalyst's Proposition on Costco Wholesale Corporation , Weyerhaeuser Co ... - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS'We Are Buyers Of Costco - Cowen Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 We believe Costco is well-positioned to continue delivering double-digit earnings growth over the near-to-medium term driven by square footage growth, steady membership revenue growth, and positive same-store sales comps.'
p6
aS'Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 9, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p7
aS'Costco Wholesale Corporation  Technical Analysis Overbought Condition Live Trading News - Mar 3, 2017 During the past 10 bars, there have been 8 white candles and 2 black candles for a net of 6 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 27 white candles and 23 black candles for a net of 4 white candles.'
p8
aS"Earnings Clues on CME Group Inc. , Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST ... StockNewsJournal - Feb 27, 2017 Costco Wholesale Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 14.36, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Earnings Guidance on Costco Wholesale Corporation - Energy IndexWhat Analysts are Predicting For Costco Wholesale Corporation , The ... - The USA Commerce"
p9
aS'Should You Sell Costco Wholesale  Before Earnings? Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Costco Wholesale Corporation COST may be one such company.'
p10
a.