(lp0
S"Cover-All Technologies , Majesco Enter Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com  - Dec 15, 2014 Cover-All Technologies Inc.  and Majesco , based in New York, NY, today announced that the companies have entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Cover-All's stockholders and the&nbsp;...Majesco to merge with Cover-All Technologies; stocks up 20% - Moneycontrol.comMastek subsidiary to merge with US software company Cover-All Technologies - The Hindu"
p1
aS'Cover-All Technologies and Majesco Close their Merger Business Wire  - Jun 26, 2015 NEW YORK &amp; MORRISTOWN, N.J.----Majesco, a global provider of core insurance software, consulting and services for insurance business transformation, and Cover-All Technologies Inc., a leading provider of innovative and modern P/C&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Cover-All's Shareholders Approve Merger with Majesco Business Wire  - Jun 22, 2015 MORRISTOWN, N.J.----Cover-All Technologies Inc. , a leading provider of innovative and modern P/C insurance technology solutions, announced today that its shareholders have approved Cover-All's adoption of the&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Cover-All Technologies Inc. Acquires BlueWave Technology ClaimsJournal.com - Jan 3, 2012 Cover-All Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, announced the acquisition of the assets of BlueWave Technology, including its insurance claims software, PipelineClaims, in a cash transaction effective December 30, 2011.'
p4
aS"Mastek to list US subsidiary Majesco on NYSE Livemint - Feb 20, 2015 Majesco USA has filed an application with the US' Securities and Exchange Commission to merge Cover-All Technologies Inc. with itself and list Majesco USA in New York, the local firm said in its statement. On 15 December, Mastek had announced that&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Majesco closes 5% higher from listing price of Rs316; Mastek falls 4.7% Livemint - Aug 19, 2015 In December, Majesco Inc. entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cover-All Technologies Inc. in a 100% stock-for-stock transaction.Majesco shares list at Rs 316, lower than street forecast - Moneycontrol.comMajesco makes decent debut, closes 5% higher over listing price; Mastek falls - Economic Times'
p6
aS'Valeant Pharmaceuticals, DSW, Kandi Technologies News Today Schaeffers Research  - Mar 14, 2017 The Dow is set to open lower as pre-Fed meeting anxiety and lower oil prices weigh on stocks. Meanwhile, among specific names in focus are drugmaker Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc , shoe retailer DSW Inc. , and electric car&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Spoiler Alert: Rulings Expected on Uber and Lyft Independent Contractor ... JD Supra  - 21 hours ago The settlement will cover all Lyft drivers who made at least one trip for Lyft in California between May 25, 2012, and July 1, 2016.'
p8
aS"Oriskany Manufacturing Technologies gives new life for vacant Base Road complex Rome Sentinel - Jan 28, 2017 The payment-in-lieu-of-taxes agreement would cover all of the company's locations. After 10 years, the parcels would be fully taxable."
p9
aS'OFC 2017: A Broad Global Optics Assembly Photonics.com - Mar 8, 2017 Plenary speakers this year are Urs Hlzle, senior VP for technical infrastructure at Google Inc., who will present A Ubiquitous Cloud Requires a Transparent Network; Meint K. Smit, a professor at Eindhoven University of Technology, who will discuss ...'
p10
a.