(lp0
S'Danaher to buy Cepheid for about $4 billion, including debt CNBC - Sep 6, 2016 Danaher will pay Cepheid $53 per share in cash, a premium of 54 percent to its Friday close of $34.42, and the transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter.Danaher Buys Cepheid for $4 Billion in First Deal Since Spinoff - BloombergCepheid Agrees To Be Acquired By Danaher Corporation For $53 Per Share In Cash - PR Newswire '
p1
aS'Cepheid Announces FDA Clearance Of Xpert Xpress Flu And Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cepheid today announced that it has received clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  to market Xpert Xpress Flu and Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV.Cepheid Wins FDA Approval for Xpress Flu, Flu/RSV Tests - GenomeWeb'
p2
aS'Cepheid  Announces Final Regulatory Hurdles Cleared to Close Danaher ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 24, 2016 Cepheid  announced that antitrust clearances have been received or the requisite waiting periods have expired, as applicable, in the United States, Germany, Austria and South Africa, which comprise all of the governmental approvals&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Cepheid Announces Appointment of President and Chief Operating Officer and ... PR Newswire  - Feb 10, 2016 SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cepheid  today announced that Warren Kocmond, formerly Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, has been promoted to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer.'
p4
aS'Danaher Completes Acquisition Of Cepheid PR Newswire  - Nov 4, 2016 In the merger, each outstanding share of Cepheid common stock was cancelled and  converted into the right to receive $53.00 per share in cash, without interest.'
p5
aS'Cepheid Receives FDA Clearance for MRSA MDx GenomeWeb - Dec 19, 2016 The test runs on the GeneXpert molecular diagnostic system and delivers results in around an hour, the company noted. To develop the test, Cepheid used an extensive library of MRSA strains collected around the world, and it included updated PCR primers&nbsp;...Cepheid Announces FDA Clearance of Next-Generation Test for MRSA Colonization - PR Newswire '
p6
aS'Cepheid Targets Development of a Point of Care HIV Viral Load Test From a Few ... PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 SUNNYVALE, Calif., Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Millions of patients, including newborns, in primary health care settings could gain access to a potentially life-changing test for HIV viral load monitoring thanks to a new development effort from ...'
p7
aS'Cepheid Announces World Health Organization Prequalification Of Xpert HIV-1 ... PR Newswire  - Jun 15, 2016 SUNNYVALE, Calif., June 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cepheid  today announced that its Xpert HIV-1 Qual  test has been awarded World Health Organization  prequalification, making it one of the first molecular point of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Cepheid Rapid Flu/RSV Test Receives CE Mark GenomeWeb - Oct 27, 2016 NEW YORK  - Cepheid has received CE marking on a rapid test for influenza and respiratory syncytial virus, the firm announced today, and the new test is available immediately in all countries recognizing the CE mark.'
p9
aS'Cepheid Delays Launch of Omni Point-of-Care MDx System GenomeWeb - Apr 29, 2016 NEW YORK  - Cepheid said yesterday that it will delay the international market launch of its point-of-care platform, the Omni, by one year to the third quarter of 2017.'
p10
a.