(lp0
S"China Precision Steel, Inc.  Forms $0.07 Double Bottom, Affinity ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 10, 2017 China Precision Steel, Inc.  formed double bottom with $0.07 target or 4.00% below today's $0.07 share price."
p1
aS"Why cracking the secret of the ball-point pen is such a big deal for Taiyuan Steel South China Morning Post - Feb 1, 2017 Taiyuan Iron &amp; Steel Group's recent breakthrough in producing the metal ball casing for ball-point pens could herald more technological advancement by Chinese steel producers to reduce imports for some key products, according to analysts. The ..."
p2
aS"China Couldn't Make Its Own Ballpoint PensUntil Now Fortune - Jan 10, 2017 According to the Chinese news agency Xinhua, the state-owned Taiyuan Iron &amp; Steel Group , one of the country's biggest stainless steel manufacturers, has solved the problem after completing five years of trial and error. The company said Tuesday&nbsp;...Pen power: China closer to ballpoint success - BBC NewsChina is finally able to manufacture its own ballpoint pens - Mashable"
p3
aS"China's $9.2 billion precision medicine initiative could see about 100 million ... Next Big Future - Jun 7, 2016 Jason Gang Jin, co-founder and chief executive of Cloud Health, says that this trio, rather than BGI, will be the main sequencing support for China's precision-medicine initiative - although BGI's director of research, Xu Xun, disagrees. Xu says that ..."
p4
aS'Finally! After years of trying, China celebrates ballpoint pen breakthrough Sky News - Jan 13, 2017 Firstly, it did not have machines with the precision needed to cut a tiny ball-bearing accurately, meaning the balls had to be imported from Switzerland.Asia in 3 minutes: Free condoms for Filipinos, ballpoint pens for China, and a ... - South China Morning Post'
p5
aS"Why Are Asian Markets Weaker on March 14? Market Realist - Mar 14, 2017 After starting the week on a stronger note, China's Shanghai Composite Index closed positive on March 14. The market sentiment is mixed on Tuesday."
p6
aS"At last - China learns how to make a ballpoint pen Stuff.co.nz - Jan 12, 2017 China simply didn't have a machine with the precision to cut a tiny ball-bearing accurately. While it supplied the world with 80 per cent of its ballpoint pens, all the balls came from Switzerland.Domestically-developed nibs a boost for manufacturing - ecns"
p7
aS"China's steel capacity grew in 2016 despite promises of cuts EurActiv - Feb 13, 2017 China increased its steelmaking capacity last year by more than twice Britain's annual output, a report said on Monday , despite repeated pledges to cut huge excess in the sector."
p8
aS'Chinese giant to build six UK pre-fab housing factories Construction Enquirer - Dec 19, 2016 The Government has helped to broker the 2.5bn deal that will see the China National Building Material Company build six offsite factories around the UK.Housing association strikes 2.5bn pre-fab factory deal with Chinese firm - Scottish Housing News'
p9
aS'Zhejiang Nisshin Worthington starts up reversing cold mill supplied by ... SteelOrbis  - Nov 24, 2016 ... has announced that Chinese steel producer Zhejiang Nisshin Worthington Precision Specialty Steel Co., Ltd, a joint venture of Japanese steelmaker Nisshin Steel Co., Ltd., Japan-based Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc. and US-based Worthington Industries ...'
p10
a.