(lp0
S'Australian troops move closer to the frontline fight against Islamic State in Iraq Courier Mail - Feb 28, 2017 News Corp Australia was given exclusive access to a busy air base where ADF has now deployed mobile training teams from Task Group Taji to help re-skill Iraqis coming on and off the Mosul frontline.'
p1
aS'Partnership to increase Assabet Valley microlending resources Wicked Local Clinton - 1 hour ago The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation and the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce announced a new partnership to bring additional microlending resources closer to young companies in the Assabet Valley Region of Massachusetts.'
p2
aS"RAAF pilots being targeted by Exodus of Military's top pilots could be sky-high Courier Mail - Mar 9, 2017 THE military is engaged in a personnel battle with commercial airlines, which are targeting highly trained pilots and engineers. News Corp Australia has learnt the Australian Defence Force has been warned it could lose dozens of experienced aircrew ..."
p3
aS'Committee wants to give additional $40000 to Alliance Russellville Courier - Mar 9, 2017 In other business, local resident Paul Bauldwin addressed the council and City Corporation representatives about recent issues with his sewer line.'
p4
aS'City Corp. board gets rate study updates Russellville Courier - Mar 3, 2017 The City Corporation Board of Directors received updated studies on its water and wastewater rates during their February meeting Tuesday.'
p5
aS'Courier Capital LLC Has $1761000 Stake in Comcast Corporation  BNB Daily  - Feb 21, 2017 Comcast Corporation logo Courier Capital LLC lowered its stake in Comcast Corporation  by 5.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p6
aS"Labour's fairer wages plans could include 'maximum pay level'  Corbyn East Lothian Courier - Mar 13, 2017 The presenter said official figures analysed by the BBC show that Labour would raise 30 billion from reversing cuts to inheritance tax, corporation tax, capital gains tax and the bank levy, leaving a hole in the Labour numbers. But Mr Corbyn said ..."
p7
aS'BBC to launch new Scottish TV channel East Lothian Courier - Feb 22, 2017 BBC Scotland is due to begin broadcasting from autumn 2018 and the hour-long news show, which will be edited and presented in Scotland, will lead to the creation of 80 new journalist posts at the BBC.'
p8
aS"Good news from Ramseur audit, EDC report Asheboro Courier Tribune - 14 hours ago By Judi Brinegar jbrinegar@courier-tribune.com Twitter: @JudiBrinegarCT. RAMSEUR ... Kevin Franklin, vice president with the Randolph County Economic Development Corporation, presented the group's yearly report to the town. He said that things are&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Indiana winner of $435M Powerball jackpot stays anonymous The Courier - Mar 13, 2017 INDIANAPOLIS  - An Indiana man who won last month's $435.3 million Powerball jackpot has chosen to remain anonymous, collecting the 10th largest lottery jackpot in U.S.Indiana winner of $435.3M Powerball wants to remain anonymous - USA TODAY"
p10
a.