(lp0
S'Corporate Resource files for Ch. 11 after refinancing falls apart Reuters - Jul 27, 2015 Staffing company Corporate Resource Services Inc has filed for bankruptcy after discovering an affiliated business had not paid an estimated $80 million in taxes, which derailed refinancing negotiations.Corporate Resource Services, Inc. and Seven Affiliates File Chapter 11 ... - JD Supra '
p1
aS'Corporate Resource Services weighs possible sale after PEO files for bankruptcy Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 4, 2015 Leadership at staffing provider Corporate Resource Services Inc.  is weighing a possible sale of some or all of the company, according to a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p2
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Joseph P. Ciavarella as Chief Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 12, 2015 NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2015  -- Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, energy and consulting services firm, today announced that Joseph P. Ciavarella&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Important Deadline Reminder for AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Shareholders Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 RADNOR, Pa., March 14, 2017  -- The law firm of Kessler Topaz Meltzer &amp; Check, LLP reminds AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.   shareholders that a class action lawsuit has been filed in the United States ...'
p4
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered ... GlobeNewswire  - 14 hours ago NEW YORK, March 15, 2017  -- Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.   of the May 1, 2017 deadline to seek the role&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Today's Market View - Georgian Mining Corporation, Golden Star Resources ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 2, 2017 Today's Market View - Georgian Mining Corporation, Golden Star Resources, Savannah Resources Plc, Strategic Minerals, Banro Corp."
p6
aS'Lawsuit for Investors in AmTrust Financial Services Inc  shares ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2017 SAN DIEGO, March 13, 2017  -- The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. announces that a lawsuit was filed for certain purchasers of shares of AmTrust Financial Services Inc  over alleged Securities Laws Violations by ... that ...'
p7
aS"Hunter Roberts Construction Group Selected to Build ResinTech, Inc.'s New ... PR Newswire  - 11 hours ago NEW YORK, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hunter Roberts Construction Group  is pleased to announce the firm has been commissioned by ResinTech Inc. to complete the pre-construction and construction management services for their new 385 ..."
p8
aS"Oracle  to Provide Heast's 360+ Businesses with Common Innovation Platform StreetInsider.com - 34 minutes ago It will take advantage of integrated Oracle Enterprise Resource Planning  Cloud, Oracle Enterprise Performance Management  Cloud, and Oracle Human Capital Management  Cloud solutions to deliver a modern, unified technology ... Oracle ..."
p9
aS'Entree Gold Announces Fiscal Year 2016 Results and Reviews Corporate Highlights Junior Mining Network - Mar 10, 2017 In June and July 2016, OTLLC signed a contract with Jacobs Engineering Group to provide engineering, procurement and construction management services for the underground development and signed a contract with mining services provider Thiess and ...'
p10
a.