(lp0
S'Clifton Bancorp Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Third Quarter Ended ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 1, 2017 Clifton Bancorp Inc.  , the holding company for Clifton Savings Bank, today announced results for the third quarter ended December 31, 2016.'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus ESSA Bancorp Inc ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus ESSA Bancorp Inc  .'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Clifton Bancorp Inc  is Beating PHH Corporation ... CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus PHH Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.The Clifton Bancorp Inc.  Shares Sold by Grace &amp; White Inc. NY - DailyQuint'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Meta Financial Group Inc  versus Clifton Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Meta Financial Group Inc  versus Clifton Bancorp Inc  .'
p4
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc. Announces Appointment of Tricia Cademartori Hrotko to ... Business Wire  - Apr 3, 2014 CLIFTON, N.J.----Clifton Bancorp Inc. , the parent company of Clifton Savings Bank, today announced the appointment of Tricia Cademartori Hrotko to the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer.'
p5
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc. Announces Expansion into Hoboken, New Jersey Business Wire  - Mar 18, 2015 CLIFTON, N.J.----Clifton Bancorp Inc. , the holding company for Clifton Savings Bank, today announced its plans to open a new banking office in Hoboken, New Jersey.'
p6
aS'The Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Stake in Clifton Bancorp Inc.  DailyQuint - Feb 27, 2017 Capital World Investors maintained its position in shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc.  during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Walker &amp; Dunlop Inc  is Beating Clifton Bancorp Inc ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus Walker &amp; Dunlop Inc  .'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus United Community ... CML News - Feb 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus United Community Financial Corp.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: First Defiance Financial Corp.  is Beating Clifton ... CML News - Feb 26, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus First Defiance Financial Corp.'
p10
a.