(lp0
S'About: Cintas Corporation  Seeking Alpha - 11 hours ago Labor markets are coming to a boil, job growth should be expected for the foreseeable future. Cintas is uniquely positioned to benefit; the company has been growing for three decades and still is. FQ3 earnings are due in two weeks; look for high-single ...'
p1
aS'Cintas Corp.: Avoid Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2017 I believe every virtue, taken to an extreme, becomes a vice. That said, I believe it a good thing when management decides to return capital to shareholders in the form of dividends or share buybacks.'
p2
aS'Read This Before You Buy Cintas Corporation Stock Motley Fool - May 7, 2016 Cintas Corporation  is best known for handling the uniform needs of companies throughout the United States. Boring?'
p3
aS"The Polls are Open! Cintas Announces Top 10 Finalists in Nationwide Janitor of ... Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago These are only two of the 10 amazing individuals for whom the public can cast their ballot in Cintas Corporation's  2017 Janitor of the Year Contest."
p4
aS'Cintas Corporation  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 Cintas Corporation is a provider of corporate identity uniforms through rental and sales programs, as well as a provider of related business services, including entrance mats, restroom cleaning services and supplies, carpet and tile cleaning services ...Cintas Corporation  Introduces Latest Fashion Trends In The Workplace - Traders350Cintas Corporation   Top Stock from Services Sector - The Daily Leicester'
p5
aS"Cintas Corporation  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio Energy Index - 17 hours ago The dividend growth rate of Cintas Corporation calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 18.21% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.95.Let's Get Complex With Cintas Corporation  - Post AnalystHighest Sales Estimate Of Cintas Corporation  At $5580.01 - Investor Newswire"
p6
aS"The Worst Mistake Cintas Corporation Investors Can Make Right Now Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 Image source: Cintas. It's hard to suggest that Cintas Corporation  is anything but a great company. Over 30 years of annual dividend increases and revenue growth of nearly 20% over the past five years are hard to argue with."
p7
aS"Cintas Corporation - Compelling Growth Story But Overpriced Seeking Alpha - Sep 6, 2016 The acquisition of G&amp;K Services should further solidify Cintas's leading position in the uniform and facility service industry."
p8
aS'Cintas: Strong Performer With A Stretched Valuation Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 Cintas is a large-cap company that supplies uniforms as well as many other items and services to over 900,000 businesses across the globe that help them operate.'
p9
aS'Cintas Corporation to Acquire G&amp;K Services Business Wire  - Aug 16, 2016 CINCINNATI----Cintas Corporation  and G&amp;K Services, Inc.  today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Cintas will acquire all outstanding shares of G&amp;K Services for $97.50&nbsp;...Merger News Sends Cintas Corporation and G&amp;K Services Inc Soaring Today - Motley FoolCintas To Buy G&amp;K Services; Morgan Stanley Raises Target Price - Benzinga'
p10
a.