(lp0
S"BRIEF-Copper One Inc confirms it received a &quot;notice of draft ministerial ... Reuters - Jan 27, 2017 WASHINGTON, Feb 11 Nordstrom's sales of Ivanka Trump's line of clothing and shoes fell by nearly one-third in the past fiscal year, with sharp drops in sales in the weeks before her father Donald Trump was elected president, the Wall Street Journal ..."
p1
aS"Copper One Responds to the MERN and Commences Mandamus Proceedings Against the ... Marketwired  - Feb 6, 2017 6, 2017) - Copper One Inc.   reports that on Friday, February 3, 2017, it responded to the Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources'  letter (see Copper One's press release dated January 27,&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Copper One Receives Notice From Government of Quebec Suspending Its Valid ... Marketwired  - Feb 9, 2017 QUEBEC CITY, QUEBEC-- - Copper One Inc.   reports that it has received a decision from the Ministre de l'nergie et des Ressources naturelles  dated February 8,&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Copper One Announces Drill Program at Riviere Dore and Awards Drilling ... Marketwired  - Nov 14, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Copper One Inc.   is pleased to announced the details of its first drilling program to be conducted on its 100%-owned copper-rich Rivire Dor&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Copper One Announces Shares for Debt Settlement and Grants Options Marketwired  - Oct 11, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Copper One Inc.   has completed its previously announced shares for debt settlement .'
p5
aS'Copper One Reports That Suspensions on All Rivire Dor Project Claims have ... Marketwired  - Jun 29, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Copper One Inc.   has received written notification from the Quebec Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  that effective June&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Copper One Files Appeal With Court of Quebec Against Mern's Decision to ... Marketwired  - Feb 21, 2017 QUEBEC CITY, QUEBEC-- - Copper One Inc.   has filed an appeal with the Court of Qubec against the decision of the Ministre de l'nergie et des Ressources naturelles&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"COMMENT: Quebec pulls permits for Copper One claims at Riviere Dore Canadian Mining Journal - Jan 30, 2017 The provincial ministry of energy and natural resources  issued a press release last week announcing that it plans to suspend again all the Riviere Dore claims belonging to Copper One 150 km southeast of Val d'Or, QC. The government action was&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"BRIEF-Copper One responds to the mern and commences mandamus proceedings ... Reuters - Feb 6, 2017 SAO PAULO, Feb 6 Brazilian federal prosecutors asked a court on Monday to reimpose preventive measures against two key suspects in a corruption probe dubbed Operation Greenfield, which is investigating fraud at state-run companies' pension funds."
p9
aS"BRIEF-Copper One receives notice of suspension regarding claims related to ... Reuters - Feb 9, 2017 WASHINGTON, Feb 9 A Congressional committee said on Thursday it was seeking a review into whether senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway had violated ethics rules by using her position to promote product lines of President Donald Trump's&nbsp;..."
p10
a.