(lp0
S'BRIEF-Central Valley Community Bancorp files for non-timely 10-k Reuters - 12 hours ago BRIEF-Central Valley Community Bancorp files for non-timely 10-k. March 15 Central Valley Community Bancorp. * Central Valley Community Bancorp - files for non-timely 10-k - sec filing. * Central Valley Community Bancorp - has not fully completed ...'
p1
aS'Central Valley Community Bancorp  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Central Valley Community Bancorp  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.06 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 24, 2017.'
p2
aS"Central Valley Community Bancorp  Files An 8-K Regulation FD ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 On March 7, 2017, Central Valley Community Bancorp met with investors at the Sandler O'Neill &amp; Partners West Coast Financial Services Conference in San Diego, California."
p3
aS'Central Valley Community Bancorp  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 16, 2017 Central Valley Community Bancorp  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 16, as the stock gained 0.73% to close at $21.93.Central Valley Community Bancorp  Analyst Coverage - NewsDenNIKE, Inc.  declared dividend of $0.18 per share - Benchmark Monitor'
p4
aS'Central Valley Community Bancorp Receives Sierra Vista Bank Shareholder ... MarketWatch - Sep 2, 2016 FRESNO, CA, Sep 01, 2016  -- FRESNO, CA-- - The Board of Directors of Central Valley Community Bancorp  CVCY, -2.22% the parent company of Central Valley Community Bank ,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Central Valley Community Bancorp  is Beating C&amp;F ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for C&amp;F Financial Corporation  versus Central Valley Community Bancorp  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p6
aS"Central Valley Community Bancorp approved to acquire Sierra Vista Bank Fresno Bee - Jul 27, 2016 Central Valley Community Bancorp, the parent company of Fresno's Central Valley Community Bank, was given regulatory approval to acquire Folsom-based Sierra Vista Bank on Wednesday."
p7
aS"The California Bankers Association Names Central Valley Community Bank's ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 9, 2017 FRESNO, CA-- - The Board of Directors of Central Valley Community Bancorp  , the parent company of Central Valley Community Bank , is pleased to announce Chairman of the Board, Daniel&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Central Valley Community Bancorp to merge with Sierra Vista Bank Fresno Business Journal - Apr 29, 2016 Fresno-based Central Valley Community Bancorp and Sierra Vista Bank, headquartered in Folsom, jointly announced today the signing of a definitive merger agreement.Central Valley Community Bank to acquire Folsom bank - Fresno BeeFolsom bank sold for $24 million, but shareholders have some options - Sacramento Business Journal'
p9
aS'Central Valley Community Bancorp  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - 6 hours ago Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of Central Valley Community Bancorp . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 0 brokers have issued a&nbsp;...'
p10
a.