(lp0
S'Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co. Declares Dividend PR Newswire  - Feb 20, 2017 NAPERVILLE, Ill., Feb. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- On February 20, 2017 the Board of Directors of Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  declared a regular quarterly dividend of twenty  cents per share, payable March 20, 2017 to&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'BRIEF-Seoul Metal Holdings Co reports 5.2 pct stake in Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 BOSTON, March 6 A group representing large institutional investors has approached index providers S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices and MSCI Inc, looking to bar Snap Inc and any other company that sells investors non-voting shares from their stock benchmarks.'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  is Beating Jason ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  versus Jason Industries Inc  .'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  versus Key Technology ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  versus Key Technology Inc  .'
p4
aS'Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine: Graham And Buffett Would Have Loved This Boring Value ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 9, 2013 Today I present for your consideration Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Company . CVR operates in the fastener industry in the United States producing and selling rivets, automatic rivet setting machines, parts/tools for such machines, and the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  is Beating MFRI Inc ... CML News - Mar 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  versus MFRI Inc  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  is Beating The LS ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  versus The L.S. Starrett Company  .Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  To Go Ex-Dividend on March 1st - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS"Chicago Rivet: Cash Flow Makes The World Go Round Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2016 Chicago Rivet is a very small company, but that doesn't make it any less beautiful. The free cash flow of $1.1M in 2015 was nice, but once you adjust it for growth capex, the FCF increases to $2.2M."
p8
aS'Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p9
aS'Trading Scanner: Tracking Shares of Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  Lenox Ledger - 12 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co. . ROIC is a metric that can be used to assess the efficiency of a particular company at allocating controlled capital into investments ...'
p10
a.