(lp0
S'Covenant Transportation Group Announces Fourth Quarter Financial and Operating ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 25, 2017 Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. is the holding company for several transportation providers that offer premium transportation services for customers throughout the United States.Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.  Posts Earnings Results, Hits ... - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'An Ugly Quarter At Covenant Transport Seeking Alpha - Oct 20, 2016 The culprit was a combination of continued soft demand in trucking coupled with a decrease in the value of their used truck inventory.'
p2
aS"COVENANT TRANSPORTATION GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Feb 24, 2017 On February 20, 2017, the Compensation Committee  of the Board of Directors of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation , approved performance-based bonus opportunities for the Company's senior&nbsp;...Brokerages Set Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.  PT at $20.67 - BNB Daily "
p3
aS'Covenant Transportation Group Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 15, 2017 Covenant Transportation Group Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 15, as the stock gained 1.05% to close at $20.16.Stock Returns: Marten Transport, Ltd.  is Beating Covenant ... - CML NewsCovenant Transportation Group, Inc.  Consolidated Diluted EPS At ... - Equities Focus'
p4
aS'Covenant Transportation Group Updates Expectations Concerning Second Quarter ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 21, 2016 Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. is the holding company for several transportation providers that offer premium transportation services for customers throughout the United States.'
p5
aS'Covenant Transportation Group Announces Executive Team Changes GlobeNewswire  - Feb 18, 2016 CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Feb. 18, 2016  -- Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.   today announced the appointment of Joey B. Hogan as President of CTG.Joey Hogan succeeds David Parker as president of Covenant Transport - Chattanooga Times Free Press'
p6
aS'192494 Shares in Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.  Acquired by ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Covenant Transportation Group logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Covenant Transportation Group, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p7
aS'Covenant Transport Group Names Paul Newbourne COO of Logistics Unit Transport Topics Online - Sep 19, 2016 Covenant Transportation Group named Paul Newbourne chief operating officer at its Covenant Transport Solutions logistical unit, effective immediately.'
p8
aS'Joey Hogan Succeeds David Parker as President of Covenant Transportation Group Transport Topics Online - Feb 22, 2016 David Parker, the high-energy founder, chairman and CEO of Covenant Transportation Group, said Feb. 19 that some upper-level executive movement at the Chattanooga, Tennessee-based trucking company is the opposite of him slowing down. In fact, he&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Covenant Transport achieves best second quarter earnings in company history Chattanooga Times Free Press - Jul 22, 2015 Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. achieved its best second quarter in company history this year, more than doubling its net income in the three months ended June 30.'
p10
a.