(lp0
S'Court rules in favor of DOL on charges that City National Bank breached ... Pensions & Investments - Apr 20, 2016 A U.S. District Court judge in Los Angeles ruled for the Department of Labor in it allegation that executives of City National Corp. and City National Bank, Los Angeles, breached their fiduciary duties in the management of a 401 and profit-sharing plan.'
p1
aS'City National Corporation  200-day MA At $90 Equities Focus - Mar 14, 2017 Thomson Reuters, recognized for its equity study, accepted a price target of $90 on City National Corporation  shares.'
p2
aS'City National Corporation  Market Cap At $N/A Equities Focus - Feb 13, 2017 The review of N/A verifies that the 50-day MA of City National Corporation  stock is $89, and is trading $N/A points away or N/A from 50-day MA of $89.'
p3
aS'Dan Glickman: Kansas, US must fund national service Kansas City Star - 7 hours ago In Kansas, 7,800 AmeriCorps members have volunteered to serve more than 10 million hours with hundreds of nonprofits, according to the Corporation for National and Community Service, the agency that oversees AmeriCorps. When taxpayers fund&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Winners and losers in Trump's first budget plan news9.com KWTV - 5 hours ago Some others would lose everything: Trump proposes to eliminate money for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the national endowments for arts and humanities and more than a dozen other independent agencies financed by the government."
p5
aS"Libya's eastern parliament supports end of unified National Oil Corp Reuters - 16 hours ago That move followed a deal in July to unify the Tripoli NOC with a rival NOC in the eastern city of Benghazi. Until the recent fighting over the ports between the LNA and the Benghazi Defence Brigades , the LNA had continued to allow oil to be ...UPDATE 1-Libya's eastern parliament supports end of unified National Oil Corp - Reuters UK"
p6
aS'In the day: Fire at the National Plumbing Fixtures Corp. was so big it ... Ellwood City Ledger - Mar 8, 2017 ELLWOOD CITY -- On February 7, 1959, the fire that devastated National Plumbing Fixtures Corp. could be seen from all over Ellwood City. People went outside in the cold to see the huge conflagration. The plant was located at the intersection of south&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"RBC posts jump in profit as loan losses decline The Globe and Mail - Feb 24, 2017 ... to spare - the bank's target for CET1 is about 10.5 per cent - executives faced renewed questions from analysts about possible small-scale acquisitions in the United States to complement RBC's 2015 purchase of Los Angeles-based City National Corp."
p8
aS"Billionaire who gave S$85 million to his staff now avoids the spotlight TODAYonline - Mar 13, 2017 City National's assets reached US$2.9 billion by 2008, Federal Deposit Insurance Corp data show, when Mr Abess began selling the company to Spain's Caja Madrid in two installments."
p9
aS'Royal Bank Of Canada Dividend Stock Analysis 2017 Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Royal Bank has focused and regarded asset management and wealth management, especially focusing on the  high net worth individuals as their growth strategy.RRSP Investors: Should You Buy Telus Corporation or Royal Bank of Canada Today? - The Motley Fool Canada'
p10
a.