(lp0
S"Cyan Inc. mounts its comeback Spokane Journal of Business - Nov 3, 2016 In an effort to return to the forefront of the video gaming industry, Spokane-based game developer Cyan Inc. has launched this week a version of its newest game, Obduction, that can be played on a virtual-reality platform.'VR Is Hard': An Interview With Cyan Worlds Co-Founder Rand Miller - Tom's Hardware"
p1
aS"New Beautiful Obduction Screenshots Released by Cyan Inc Only Single Player - Apr 2, 2015 Obduction is an all-new, real-time, first-person adventure that harkens back to the spirit of Cyan's earlier games Myst and Riven."
p2
aS'Obduction Review: An Enigmatic Adventure From Cyan Inc. Techgage - Sep 16, 2016 Myst creator Cyan Inc, took to Kickstarter a couple years back to test the waters for a new adventure. After a successful round of crowdfunding and just over 2 years later, Obduction is finally released in all its enigmatic glory.'
p3
aS"Cyan Inc's 'Obduction' Will Release This July, VR Playable For First Time at E3 Only Single Player - Jun 2, 2016 Cyan Inc has released new information on their eagerly awaited title Obduction, including its price and release date. The game will release on July 26, 2016, for $29.99 and will be available on Steam, GOG.Cyan's 'Obduction' Arrives July 26 - Tom's Hardware"
p4
aS'Ciena and Cyan, Inc. Announce Termination of Hart-Scott-Rodino Waiting Period ... Business Wire  - Jun 16, 2015 HANOVER, Md. &amp; PETALUMA, Calif.----Ciena Corporation  and Cyan, Inc. , today announced that early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the HSR&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Exploring the Alien Worlds of Cyan, Inc's 'Obduction', The Spiritual Successor ... Only Single Player - Aug 11, 2015 Cyan, Inc.'s co-founder and CEO has seen the studio wax and wane since the 90s, but he's never forgotten why he got into games in the first place."
p6
aS'High Court Urged To Knock Back State Securities Suits Law360  - May 26, 2016 Law360, New York  -- Network support products provider Cyan Inc. urged the U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday to review whether shareholders suing over alleged misrepresentations in its 2013 initial public offering can bring&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Cyan sold for $400 million, company to stay in Petaluma Petaluma Argus Courier - May 7, 2015 Petaluma-based telecommunications firm Cyan, Inc. will spend the next three months hashing out the details of its acquisition by a larger rival, including impacts to its local operations and workforce.'
p8
aS'Obduction is the perfect reminder of what made Myst so great A.V. Club - Aug 24, 2016 Cyan Inc. and its co-founder, Rand Miller, have been peddling that particular joy for years, largely through the massively successful Myst series of first-person puzzle games.Review: Obduction - Destructoid'
p9
aS"Cyan Inc's 'Obduction' is Headed for HTC Vive &amp; Oculus Rift Gameranx  - Feb 22, 2017 The developer behind smash hit Myst Cyan Inc. has just announced that their most recent sci-fi adventure game Obduction will be coming to VR.'Obduction' Getting Oculus Touch, HTC Vive Support On March 22 - Tom's Hardware"
p10
a.