(lp0
S'Citizens, First Merchants Corp. to merge nwitimes.com - May 13, 2013 Shareholders of CFS will have the right to receive 0.65 shares of First Merchants common stock for each share of CFS common stock owned.'
p1
aS'Ambulance Victoria calls for citizen first-responders to help respond to ... Herald Sun - Jan 27, 2017 Ambulance Victoria is developing a smart phone app that will see first aid-trained community members notified when a triple-0 call is made for a person having a heart attack nearby.'
p2
aS'New American Citizens Celebrate First Time Voting CBS Local - Oct 27, 2016 PHILADELPHIA  - With Election Day rapidly approaching, dozens of immigrants inside Philadelphia City Hall met to talk about what lies ahead when the next president is inaugurated.'
p3
aS"Who was the first president born an American citizen? History - May 4, 2016 The nation's eighth president, Martin van Buren, a Democrat who served from 1837 to 1841, was the first commander-in-chief not born a British subject."
p4
aS'CIA, In a First, Divulges Procedures for Information on Citizens Wall Street Journal - Jan 18, 2017 WASHINGTONIn a rare act of transparency, the Central Intelligence Agency for the first time has published a fully declassified version of its procedures for handling information on U.'
p5
aS"Musk's SpaceX Plans 2018 Flight Circling Moon With Civilians Bloomberg - Feb 27, 2017 Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp. plans to send two private citizens on a trip around the moon late next year as it continues to work with NASA for a planned crewed mission to the International Space Station."
p6
aS'Citizens Warns Florida Policyholders of AOB Scams in Wake of Hurricane Matthew Insurance Journal - Oct 10, 2016 Citizens Property Insurance Corp. is urging its policyholders to call Citizens first to report losses following Hurricane Matthew in order to protect themselves from assignment of benefit  scams, according to a statement from the company ...Few South Florida claims help keep Matthew insured losses lower than expected - Sun Sentinel'
p7
aS"Citizens delaying managed repair program rollout until 2017 Sun Sentinel - Jun 22, 2016 Citizens Property Insurance Corp.'s Board of Governors approved hefty rate increases for 2017 on Wednesday while its president said the company plans to make its customers an offer they can't refuse."
p8
aS'First Citizens Bank Completes Merger With Cordia Bancorp, Bank of Virginia GlobeNewswire  - Sep 1, 2016 based Cordia voted to approve the merger agreement with Raleigh, N.C.-headquartered First Citizens. The merger was also approved by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks and the Virginia Bureau of Financial&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Biz briefs: Construction company announces promotion Elmira Star-Gazette - Mar 14, 2017 To be eligible for the honor, employees must show an outstanding level of dedication, professional attitude, and concern for customers and fellow employees of First Citizens Community Bank. Both Meacham and Farrer embody those attributes, ... The ...'
p10
a.