(lp0
S"Famous Dave's could close more locations Nation's Restaurant News - Mar 7, 2017 Famous Dave's of America Inc. has closed two restaurants this year and could close more, the company said this week, as its company-owned units start losing money.Famous Dave's of America  Appoints Charles Mooty as Chairman of the Board - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS"Famous Dave's Bar-B-Que Declared Winner in Head-to-Head Bar-B-Que Competition ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 4, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 04, 2016  -- The ultimate jury of experts has cast their vote for best Bar-B-Que, bestowing the title of 'SMOKED Champion' upon Dave Anderson , founder of Famous Dave's of America, Inc."
p2
aS'Famous Dave: Still A Turnaround Believer Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 The company only closed one company owned store since November 14, 2016. This is better than feared given the challenging industry backdrop.'
p3
aS"Famous Dave's names Lister as CEO Nation's Restaurant News  - Oct 13, 2016 Famous Dave's of America Inc. is changing CEOs again. ... Mike Lister's deep expertise in the restaurant industry, along with his demonstrated success as a Famous Dave's franchise owner, gives us full confidence that he is the right leader to continue ...Famous Dave's pushes out another CEO, hires its fourth leader in four years - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p4
aS"Famous Dave's Lack Of Liquidity Is Alarming Seeking Alpha - Dec 27, 2016 DAVE's negative working capital will make it difficult to compete in an industry where stores are constantly being modernized."
p5
aS"Is Famous Dave's Stock Breaking Out? Seeking Alpha - Jan 6, 2017 Shares of Famous Dave's cleared its 50 days moving average, of $4.87, on 2.5 times average 90 day trading volume. I found an interesting Star Tribune article, which indirectly confirms my tinkering with my Famous Dave's 2.0 concept. The stock has ..."
p6
aS"Famous Dave's Is Still An Unmitigated Disaster Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2016 Famous Dave's  is a stock I've been telling readers was a short for a while now. The company's unique blend of overvaluation and horrendous fundamentals has made it an easy target for sellers for about a year now."
p7
aS"Famous Dave's founder brings new concept, Jimmie's Old Southern, to Minneapolis Minneapolis Star Tribune - Feb 1, 2017 The name originates from Anderson's father, Jimmie, who taught Dave about barbecue and inspired his passion. Dave Anderson still acts as a consultant with Famous Dave's of America Inc., the Minnetonka-based company that operates or franchises about&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Founder of Famous Dave's Bar-B-Que to Compete Wednesday, August 3, in New TV ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 2, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 02, 2016  -- Famous Dave's of America, Inc.  announced that founder and Bar-B-Que legend Famous Dave Anderson, along with champion pitmaster and long-time franchisee, David Marks, will be&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"The Famous Dave's of America, Inc.  Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 14, 2017 Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Famous Dave's of America, Inc.  from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a report released on Thursday.Long-Term Growth Estimate Of Famous Dave's of America, Inc.  At $10 - Transcript Daily"
p10
a.