(lp0
S'Announces Pricing of Add-On Offering of 4.500% Senior Unsecured Notes Due 2023 Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 DENVER----DCT Industrial Trust Inc.   today announced that its operating partnership subsidiary, DCT Industrial Operating Partnership LP , priced an offering of $50.0 million&nbsp;...The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: CBRE Group, Prologis, DCT Industrial Trust ... - NasdaqJanus Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in DCT Industrial Trust Inc  - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS"Financials Stocks on Investors' Radar -- DCT Industrial Trust, National ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 Pre-market today, Stock-Callers.com reviews these four Financials stocks: DCT Industrial Trust Inc. , National Storage Affiliates , CareTrust REIT Inc. , and Sabra Health Care REIT Inc. ."
p2
aS'Fibrek Inc.  Reaches $0.78 After 8.00% Up Move, DCT Industrial Trust (DCT ... Herald KS - 14 hours ago DCT Industrial Trust Inc. is an industrial real estate company. The company has market cap of $4.31 billion. The Firm specializes in the ownership, acquisition, development, leasing and management of bulk-distribution and light-industrial properties ...Fast Growing Stock in Focus: DCT Industrial Trust Inc.  - Aiken AdvocateCommon Share Dividend Yield of DCT Industrial Trust Inc  - Energy Index'
p3
aS"BRIEF-DCT Industrial Trust reports Q4 and full-year 2016 results Reuters - Feb 2, 2017 LONDON, Feb 3 NAIROBI, Feb 3  - Activity in Kenya's private sector increased modestly in January as banks curtailed new lending to firms in the wake of an interest rate cap imposed last September, a survey showed on Friday."
p4
aS'Stock Returns: DCT Industrial Trust Inc  is Beating First Industrial ... CML News - 19 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for DCT Industrial Trust Inc  versus First Industrial Realty Trust Inc  .'
p5
aS"DCT Industrial Trust: Look Past The Low Yield Seeking Alpha - Jan 10, 2017 This is largely likely due to the low yield on the company's shares, along with an aggressively appreciating share price over the past several years."
p6
aS"S&amp;P Upgrades DCT Industrial Trust  to 'BBB'; Outlook is Stable StreetInsider.com - Nov 22, 2016 S&amp;P Global Ratings raised its corporate credit rating on DCT Industrial Trust Inc.  and its operating partnership, DCT Industrial Operating Partnership L.P."
p7
aS"DCT Industrial Trust's Justin Bennett Selected as One of Real Estate Forum's ... Business Wire  - Oct 20, 2016 HOUSTON----DCT Industrial Trust , a leading industrial real estate company, announced today that Justin Bennett has been selected as one of Real Estate Forum's 50 Under 40, which recognizes the outstanding&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Acquires 14.6 Acres in the Northeast Submarket of Denver Business Wire  - Aug 25, 2016 DENVER----DCT Industrial Trust  , a leading industrial real estate company, today announced the acquisition of 14.6 acres in the Northeast submarket of Denver for the development of DCT Summit Distribution Center,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Announces $250 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Transaction Business Wire  - May 31, 2016 DENVER----DCT Industrial Trust , a leading industrial real estate company, today announced that it has agreed in principle to issue $250 million of senior unsecured notes.'
p10
a.