(lp0
S'DDR Corp.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers ... Market Exclusive - 18 hours ago DDR Corp. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust . The Company operates through two segments: shopping centers and loan investments.'
p1
aS"DDR Corp.'s shares have sold off in the last year. Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 DDR Corp.  shares have slid ~25 percent in the last year. I believe the decline is not justified, because the company has a solid real estate portfolio and strong dividend coverage stats."
p2
aS"DDR Corp.'s new executive team will stay in New York; C-suite shakeup comes at ... cleveland.com - Mar 8, 2017 BEACHWOOD, Ohio -- DDR Corp. expects to incur $10 million in costs tied to C-suite changes the shopping-center landlord announced last week.New DDR Corp. leaders land sweet earnings packages - Crain's Cleveland BusinessDDR Corp.'s Board Names David Lukes as President and CEO - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"DDR Corp. has yet another CEO change, as new leadership team steps in from ... cleveland.com - Mar 3, 2017 BEACHWOOD, Ohio -- The revolving door at DDR Corp.'s top office has swung around again, less than a year after the real estate company's last CEO change.DDR Corp. Names David Lukes President &amp; CEO - Quick Facts - NasdaqDDR Corp. makes another change in the CEO role - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p4
aS'DDR Corp.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 14, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 DDR Corp.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 14, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.19 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 04, 2017.Checking the Overall Picture for DDR Corp.  - StockNewsJournalAnalyst Downgrades  DDR Corp  Stock Gets Downgraded By Sandler O ... - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS"REIT Stocks on Investors' Radar -- GGP Inc., Kimco Realty, DDR Corp., and CBL ... PR Newswire  - 22 hours ago Stock-Callers.com has initiated coverage on the following Retail REITs: GGP Inc. , Kimco Realty Corp. , DDR Corp. , and CBL &amp; Associates Properties Inc. . These real estate investment trusts belong to the&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"How Does DDR Corp.  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago DDR Corp.  is an interesting player in the Financial space, with a focus on REIT - Retail. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $12.80, down from yesterday's close by -1.84%."
p7
aS"DDR Corp  Falls Short of Q4 FFO and Revenue Estimates Yahoo Finance - Feb 15, 2017 DDR Corp.'s DDR fourth-quarter 2016 funds from operations  per share of 30 cents were lower than both the Zacks Consensus Estimate and the prior-year quarter tally by a cent.The Case for and Against DDR Corp.  - StockNewsJournalTrader's Watch List: DDR Corp.  - TopChronicle"
p8
aS"Technicals in Focus for DDR Corp.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on DDR Corp. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: DDR Corp. , US Silica Holdings, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of DDR Corp.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -0.15 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 3.02 and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.