(lp0
S"Instant Analysis: Deere &amp; Company's Retail Sales Motley Fool - 19 hours ago Deere &amp; Company  has released commentary on its retail sales data for February. According to Deere, its February retail sales did better than the industry in all the two-wheel drive categories but worse in four-wheel drives and combines.Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Deere &amp; Company  - Energy IndexThe Advantage Investment Management LLC Buys Shares of 1386 Deere &amp; Company  - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Adobe Systems Incorporated , Deere ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Deere &amp; Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 3.83, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p2
aS"Deere is named one of World's Most Ethical Companies for 11th consecutive year PR Newswire  - 19 hours ago MOLINE, Ill., March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Deere &amp; Company  is one of the World's Most Ethical Companies according to the Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices.The World's Most Ethical Companies 2017 - Forbes"
p3
aS'Deere &amp; Company, Buffalo Wild Wings, GameStop, Microsoft and Sony highlighted ... Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017 Deere &amp; Company  is sounding optimistic as its non-agriculture business appears to be rebounding.'
p4
aS"Deere &amp; Company  Tops Q1 Earnings &amp; Sales Yahoo Finance - Feb 17, 2017 Deere &amp; Company DE is the world's leading manufacturer of agricultural machinery with a market capitalization of $34.8 billion.Stock to watch: Deere &amp; Company  - FX Daily ReportDeere Announces First-Quarter Earnings of $194 Million - PR Newswire "
p5
aS"Here's Why Deere &amp; Company's Management is Doing a Good Job Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 You have to hand it to Deere &amp; Company's  management. Not much has gone right from an end-market perspective in the last few years, with US farm cash receipts declining since 2014 as prices of key agricultural crops (ex."
p6
aS'Why to Keeping Eye on Deere &amp; Company , Targa Resources Corp. ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p7
aS'Why Deere &amp; Company  Stock Might be a Great Pick Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Deere &amp; Company DE. This is because this security in the Manufacturing - Farm Equipment space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a ...'
p8
aS'Large Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Deere &amp; Company  Highland Mirror - 1 hour ago Deere &amp; Company  traded negative at $109.21. On an intraday basis, the price dropped -0.67 points or -0.61%. The composite uptick value was $39.49 million while the combined downtick value was $30.01.'
p9
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Deere &amp; Company, 50.0% Follow-Through Indicator, 5 ... Nasdaq - Feb 17, 2017 Deere &amp; Company  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect very active trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p10
a.