(lp0
S'Deer Consumer Products Inc. MarketWatch - Dec 18, 2009 Deer Consumer Products Inc. OTC: DEER. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p1
aS"The Bell Tolls For Deer Consumer Products Seeking Alpha - Oct 11, 2012 Regarding the first reason, NASDAQ's assertion that DEER lied about the operational status of its Yangjiang manufacturing facilities affirms my findings in a Seeking Alpha Editor's Pick article I published  on 8/14/12 which concluded that DEER's ..."
p2
aS'Deer Consumer Products Better Positioned Than Competitors Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2012 Shorting a common stock is an investment technique were an investor borrows shares to sell in the open market. The investor profits when the value of the shares decrease, because they would be able to buy back the borrowed shares at a cheaper price.'
p3
aS'The Rosen Law Firm, PA Announces Proposed Class Action Settlement on Behalf of ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 18, 2015 If you have not received a detailed Notice of Pendency and Settlement of Class Action and a copy of the Proof of Claim and Release, you may obtain copies by writing to: Deer Consumer Products, Inc. Litigation , c/o Strategic Claims Services, P ...'
p4
aS"Chinese firm's lawyers to learn blogger identity Reuters - Mar 14, 2012 NEW YORK, March 14 An anonymous blogger accused of writing false reports to profit on short sales of Deer Consumer Products Inc, a U.S.-listed Chinese appliance maker, was ordered by a judge to disclose his identity to the company's lawyers."
p5
aS"Benjamin Wey, Founder and President of New York Global Group, Arrested and ... Federal Bureau of Investigation   - Sep 10, 2015 The companies that resulted from these reverse merger transactions were SmartHeat, Inc.; Deer Consumer Products, Inc.; and CleanTech Innovations, Inc. . As a further part of the conspiracy and scheme to defraud, WEY caused the Nominees ...New York Global Group's Wey Charged in Reverse-Merger Fraud - Bloomberg"
p6
aS"FINRA Finds A Lot Of Bull In A China Shop Forbes - Feb 6, 2012 During Altschul's tenure at First Merger,China-based Deer Consumer Products, Inc.  was the most heavily solicited security by First Merger's registered representatives, and he knew that the reps in the NY branch were actively soliciting customers."
p7
aS"PE CEO In Fraud Case Wants 'Bad Faith' Warrants Suppressed Law360  - Feb 17, 2017 ... Goldrim Resources Inc., Tag Events Corp. and Everton Capital Corp. - to execute reverse mergers and float shares of Chinese companies SmartHeat Inc., Deer Consumer Products Inc. and CleanTech Innovations Inc. on over-the-counter U.S. markets."
p8
aS"Swiss Broker Wants Out Of SEC's Fraud Suit Against CEO Law360  - Mar 10, 2016 Prosecutors said Wey used three U.S. shell companies - Pacific Goldrim Resources Inc., Tag Events Corp. and Everton Capital Corp. - to execute reverse mergers and float shares of Chinese concerns SmartHeat Inc. Deer Consumer Products Inc. and&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Indicted CEO Can't Escape Securities Fraud Charges Law360  - Jan 19, 2017 Prosecutors said Wey used three U.S. shell companies - Pacific Goldrim Resources Inc., Tag Events Corp. and Everton Capital Corp. - to execute reverse mergers and float shares of Chinese companies SmartHeat Inc., Deer Consumer Products Inc. and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.