(lp0
S"Destination Maternity to be acquired by French company Chain Store Age - Dec 20, 2016 The two companies have been engaged in a takeover battle for a year, with Destination Maternity rebuffing Orchestra's offers.Destination Maternity Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... - PR Newswire "
p1
aS"After Being Rebuffed, Orchestra-Premaman Boosts Cash in Destination Maternity ... Wall Street Journal - Feb 8, 2016 Children's clothing company Orchestra-Premaman SA boosted the cash component of its unsolicited offer to buy Destination Maternity Corp. after the maternity clothing maker turned down its previous proposal. French company Orchestra-Premaman wrote in&nbsp;...Orchestra-Premaman ups cash element of Destination Maternity offer - Proactive Investors UK"
p2
aS'CFO Moves: Destination Maternity Corp., AMC Networks Inc. Wall Street Journal  - Aug 1, 2016 Destination Maternity Corp., the Moorestown, N.J. maternity apparel retailer, named David Stern as finance chief and executive vice president.Destination adds turnaround CFO - Philly.com '
p3
aS'Are Big Banks Trimming Positions in Destination Maternity Corporation (NASDAQ ... Winfield Review - Oct 14, 2016 Institutions on the Buy-Side have decreased the number of transactions in Destination Maternity Corporation  shares over the past quarter according to the latest SEC Filings.'
p4
aS'Guess Who Picked Up Destination Maternity Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 7, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Destination Maternity Corporation, formerly Mothers Work, Inc. is a designer and retailer of maternity apparel in the United States.'
p5
aS'Destination Maternity and Orchestra Prmaman merge Seeking Alpha - Dec 20, 2016 The company says the strategic transaction combines two highly complementary businesses with pro forma revenue of around $1.1B. The deal will see Destination Maternity shareholders receive 0.5150 of an Orchestra Prmaman S.A. ordinary share.'
p6
aS'Destination Maternity Is In Deep Value Territory Seeking Alpha - Oct 7, 2015 Specialty retailer Destination Maternity  is a stock that used to be a high flying growth company but in recent years, has been virtually left for dead by an unsympathetic market.'
p7
aS"Destination Maternity CFO resigns, up to 30 stores shuttering Philadelphia Business Journal - Mar 30, 2016 Maternity-apparel retailer Destination Maternity Corp.'s stock fell after it announced that Chief Financial Officer Judd P. Tirnauer is leaving and the company will close up to 30 stores upon losing $1.5 million in the fourth quarter.After String of Announcements, Destination Maternity  Takes a Tumble - Economic Calendar"
p8
aS"Destination Maternity Appoints J. Daniel Plants to Board of Directors PR Newswire  - Nov 26, 2014 26, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Destination Maternity Corporation , the world's leading maternity apparel retailer, today announced that J. Daniel Plants, Managing Partner of Voce Capital Management LLC , has been appointed to&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Orchestra-Premaman Goes Public With Takeover Bid for Destination Maternity Wall Street Journal - Dec 14, 2015 Children's clothing company Orchestra-Premaman SA disclosed a 13.3% stake in Destination Maternity Corp. and urged the retailer to engage in takeover discussions.Destination Maternity rejects takeover bid - Chain Store AgeDestination Maternity rebuffs French offer - Philly.com"
p10
a.