(lp0
S'As Seen On TV, Inc. and eDiets.com, Inc. Announce Closing of Merger PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2013 CLEARWATER, Fla., March 1, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- As Seen On TV, Inc. , a direct response marketing company, and eDiets.com, Inc., a provider of convenient at-home diet, fitness and healthy lifestyle solutions, today announced the closing&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'As Seen On TV, Inc. Executes Letter of Intent to Acquire eDiets.com, Inc. PR Newswire  - Aug 10, 2012 10, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- As Seen On TV, Inc. , a direct response marketing company and owner of the website &quot;AsSeenOnTV.'
p2
aS'eDiets Expands Technology Platform With Launch of New Diet Plans Marketwired  - Dec 31, 2013 CLEARWATER, FL-- - eDiets.com, a brand of As Seen On TV, Inc.  and the leading digital destination for nutritional products and information, today announced the expansion of its online dieting platform.'
p3
aS'Q+A: Holly Madison talks marriage, motherhood, eDiets.com and returning to the ... Las Vegas Sun - Oct 29, 2013 Nutrition has just become a huge interest of mine, and I love talking about it with my friends and helping other people to be healthy, so working on my diet with the As Seen On TV eDiets.com brand has become a really good fit. Forgive me for being ...'
p4
aS'Diet industry: Nestle to buy Jenny Craig, Medifast CEO dumps stock CalorieLab Calorie Counter News - Jun 19, 2006 The acquisition in June of last year by Weight Watchers International of the affiliate company that operates the weightwatchers.'
p5
aS'Data Bridge Market Research PR.com  - Feb 25, 2017 Inc., Herbalife Ltd., Nestle SA, Pepsico Inc., Johnson Health Tech Co. Ltd., The Coca-Cola Co., Nutrisystem Inc., Mayo Clinic, Zafgen, Weight Watchers International, Inc., Jenny Craig, eDiets.com, VLCC Healthcare Ltd, Slimming World, Duke Diet ...'
p6
aS'Global Weight Loss Management Market, 2025 - Market is Poised to Grow to ... Business Wire  - Jun 21, 2016 The Global Weight Loss Management Market is poised to grow at a CAGR of around 7.2% over the next decade to reach approximately $310.2 billion by 2025.'
p7
aS"Medical Guardian Expands Leadership Team; Hires Vice President of Sales Business Wire  - Feb 3, 2016 Robert has also previously served as senior vice president of sales and member services at eDiets.com, as well as vice president of sales at Lifeshield, a home security company. Robert is an RCCSP Certified Call Center Manager. He's also completed the&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Weight Loss and Weight Management Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and ... Satellite PR News  - Mar 8, 2017 Some of the key players in global Weight Loss and Weight Management market are Amer Sports, Technogym SPA, Ediets.Com Inc., Jenny Craig Inc, Medtronic Inc, Kellogg Company, Brunswick Corporation, Jenny Craig Inc, Atkins Nutritionals Inc, Herbalife&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'10 Best and Safest Diet Plans NewsMax.com - Nov 8, 2010 eDiet Plan: This diet plan is available at ediets.com and incorporates the positive aspects of all of the popular diet plans including Atkins, GI Diet, and low fat diets.'
p10
a.