(lp0
S'How Walt Disney Co. Has Changed in the Last 10 Years Motley Fool - 19 hours ago Walt Disney  is the exact opposite of a Mickey Mouse stock these days. Share prices have quadrupled in the last 10 years, including a 160% five-year return.Walt Disney takes another bite out of European operator - The Times Walt Disney Company   Closes 0.39% Down on the Day for March 15 - Equities.com'
p1
aS"Better Buy: Walt Disney Co. vs. Mattel, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Who doesn't have fond memories of watching their favorite Disney  movies while growing up, or playing with the newest Barbie doll or Hot Wheels car during the summer downtimes?"
p2
aS'BRIEF-Walt Disney Co says on March 10, 2017, entered into new $2.5 bln 364-day ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 13 Fourteen million Americans would lose medical insurance by next year under a Republican plan to dismantle Obamacare that would also reduce the budget deficit, a nonpartisan congressional research office said on Monday,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Is Walt Disney Co. Giving Up on YouTube Videos? Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Walt Disney  is laying off roughly 80 people connected to YouTube outlet Maker Studios, according to a Wall Street Journal report.Walt Disney Co. laying off about 80 from Maker Studios - MarketWatch'
p4
aS'3 New Must-Read Quotes From Walt Disney Co. Management Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 After falling to lows around $90 toward the end of 2016, Walt Disney  stock has rebounded to about $110. The recent rise may have some investors anxious for some good reasons to remain bullish on the stock at these levels.'
p5
aS"Activists protest outside Walt Disney Company shareholder meeting in Denver The Denver Channel - Mar 8, 2017 DENVER - A Colorado group is demanding the CEO of the Walt Disney Company to step down from Trump's Business Advisory Council.Disney offers 'Star Wars' sneak peeks, and CEO defends staying on Trump's ... - Los Angeles TimesShareholders Re-Elect 11 Directors at The Walt Disney Company Annual Meeting - Yahoo Finance"
p6
aS"Better Buy: The Walt Disney Company vs. Time Warner Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 As two of the largest media companies in the world, The Walt Disney Company  and Time Warner  compete on a number of fronts, most notably cable broadcasting and motion pictures.What's the buzz on Walt Disney Co  CEO - FX Daily Report"
p7
aS"Disney did the right thing, says Nazri The Star Online - 18 minutes ago KUALA LUMPUR: The Walt Disney Company was right not to allow the screening of Beauty and The Beast with edits, said Tourism and Culture Minister Datuk Seri Nazri Aziz.Disney eyes remakes of The Lion King and The Little Mermaid as Beauty and the ... - Stuff.co.nzDisney refuses to cut 'gay moment' from 'Beauty and the Beast' for Malaysia - Malay Mail Online"
p8
aS"Dole and The Walt Disney Company Help Parents Encourage Healthier Eating ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 The Walt Disney Company and Dole Food Company continue their multi-year healthy living initiative with Disney's Beauty and the Beast, featuring consumer promotions, digital integrations, in-store activities and Disney-branded fruits and vegetables."
p9
aS"Here's the Story Behind Walt Disney Co.'s 'Gay Moment' Controversy Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Walt Disney Co.'s  &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; will feature an &quot;exclusively gay moment&quot; -- one that already ignited a barrage of controversy."
p10
a.