(lp0
S'Discovery Communications Announces the Early Results of its Cash Tender Offer ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 SILVER SPRING, Md., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   today announced that, pursuant to the previously-announced cash tender offer  by its wholly-owned&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Discovery Communications, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - 12 hours ago Discovery Communications, Inc.,  is a global media company. The Company provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-television , free-to-air and broadcast television, Websites, digital distribution ...Ruling stocks in today's market: Discovery Communications, Inc.  - The News Journal2 Stocks Grabbing Analyst Attention: Time Warner Inc. , Discovery ... - The Voice Registrar"
p2
aS'Discovery Communications, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Discovery Communications, Inc.,  is a global media company. The Company provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-television , free-to-air and broadcast television, Websites, digital distribution ...Discovery Communications Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 14 - Equities.comDigging Up the Facts on Discovery Communications, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'The Case for and Against Discovery Communications, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Discovery Communications, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on CATV Systems.'
p4
aS"How Discovery Communications Inc. Is Looking Abroad for New Growth Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, Chris Hill and Simon Erickson look at the international growth of Discovery Communications'  various channels. It may not be the biggest media name in the U.S., where its viewership has declined ..."
p5
aS'Discovery Communications Announces Debt Offering PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   announced today that Discovery Communications, LLC  has commenced an underwritten public offering of a new series of&nbsp;...Successful Earnings Option Trading: Discovery Communications Inc  - CML NewsZacks Investment Research Upgrades Discovery Communications, Inc.  to Hold - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Discovery Communications, Inc. , AMC ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business."
p7
aS"Discovery Communications Inc. Revenue Grows as Pay-TV Subscriber Base Declines Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 Commenting on the full-year results that showed 2% higher revenue and a 1% uptick in adjusted earnings, CEO David Zaslav said that management was happy with the company's headline performance. &quot;Discovery's diversified set of nonfiction, sports and&nbsp;...Discovery Communications, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market Exclusive"
p8
aS'Discovery Communications Announces the Pricing Terms of its Cash Tender Offer ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 SILVER SPRING, Md., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   today announced the pricing terms of the previously-announced cash tender offer  by its&nbsp;...Analysts Rating Stocks Update: BlackBerry Ltd  &amp; Discovery ... - Daily News Journal'
p9
aS'Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Nielsen Holdings , Discovery ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Discovery Communications, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $27.46, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.08, compared to an industry average at 2.31.'
p10
a.