(lp0
S'DISH Network Corp  Joins S&amp;P 500, Shares Jump Investorplace.com - Mar 7, 2017 DISH Network Corp will be added to the Global Industry Classification Standard Cable &amp; Satellite Sub-Industry index when it joins the S&amp;P 500 on March 13.Dish Network Corp.  Jumped On S&amp;P 500 Inclusion - RTT NewsFBR &amp; Co Reaffirms Underperform Rating for DISH Network Corp  - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Dish Network CEO Sees Pickup in Wireless Deal-Making Wall Street Journal  - Feb 22, 2017 On a conference call Wednesday to discuss fourth-quarter earnings, Mr. Ergen said that a recent realignment of assets between Dish and its sister company EchoStar Corp. was intended to focus the companies on their core strengths ahead of a potential&nbsp;...Deal aligns Dish Network for looming M&amp;A, Ergen says - Denver Business JournalDISH Network  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Stock Price Updates: DISH Network Corp  Post Registrar - Mar 14, 2017 DISH Network Corp  plunged -0.11% during previous trade, a total of 7.27M shares exchanged hands compared with its average trading volume of 4.14M shares whereas its relative volume is 2.29.Digging Up the Facts on DISH Network Corporation  - StockNewsJournalDISH Network Places $1 Billion in Convertible Notes - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS"Analyst's Predictions on DISH Network Corporation , Anadarko Petroleum ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of DISH Network Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 7.23 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Dish Network closes on asset transfer from EchoStar Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 The two had come to a deal where EchoStar would transfer its EchoStar Technologies hardware/software group along with its national and regional uplink business, a managed fiber backhaul network and a development group working on over-the-top service&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"DISH Network Corporation  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on DISH Network Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late.Does These Stocks Deserve Your Investment Dollars?  Frontier Communications ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p6
aS"Looking at the Tea Leaves for DISH Network Corporation  The USA Commerce - 16 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on DISH Network Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS'Dish Network shares rally on addition to S&amp;P 500 MarketWatch - Mar 6, 2017 Shares of Dish Network Corp. [d: dish] jumped in the extended session Monday after S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices said the pay-TV service company would join the S&amp;P 500 index SPX, +0.84% Dish shares surged 5% to $64.31 after hours.DISH Network  to join S&amp;P 500 - StreetInsider.comDISH Network To Replace Linear Technology In S&amp;P 500 - Nasdaq'
p8
aS'WTAE blacked out on Dish Network in contract dispute Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 3, 2017 Customers of Dish Network in the Pittsburgh metro lost the local ABC affiliate WTAE-TV, as Hearst Television blacked it and channels in 25 other markets in a retransmission contract dispute between the two parties.DISH drops WXII, other Hearst stations, in dispute - Winston-Salem JournalHearst TV Stations Go Dark on Dish Network in Retrans Fight - Variety'
p9
aS'DISH Network Announces Convertible Notes Placement Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 DISH Network Corporation   today announced that it plans to issue and sell, subject to market and other conditions, $1 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible notes .'
p10
a.