(lp0
S'Amcon Distributing: Solid Niche Business, But Several Caveats Are Present Seeking Alpha - Jul 13, 2016 Amcon Distributing Co.  is the 7th largest wholesale distributor to convenience stores  in the US. The company also operates two minor retail brands aimed at organic &amp; natural food products.'
p1
aS'Amcon Distributing Co. Acquires LP Shanks Co. Inc. In Crossville, Tenn. VendingMarketWatch - Jun 1, 2011 Amcon Distributing Co., an Omaha, Neb. based consumer products company, will significantly increase its distribution presence in the Southeast region with the acquisition of substantially all of the operating assets of L.P.AMCON Distributing Company Announces Expansion Into the Southeast - Business Wire '
p2
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: AMCON Distributing Company  Critical ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for AMCON Distributing Company  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p3
aS'AMCON Distributing Company Reports Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share of $8.38 ... Business Wire  - Nov 8, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--AMCON Distributing Company  , an Omaha, Nebraska based consumer products company is pleased to announce fully diluted earnings per share of $8.38 on net income available to common shareholders of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'AMCON Distributing: Financially Poised for Another Solid Year Ahead Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2010 AMCON Distributing, Inc.  possess a market cap of only $40m, yet just passed the $1B mark in total revenues for fiscal 2010, a significant achievement.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: AMCON Distributing Company  versus VOXX International ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AMCON Distributing Company  versus VOXX International Corporation  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: AMCON Distributing Company  is Beating Educational ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AMCON Distributing Company  versus Educational Development Corporation  .'
p7
aS'Reviewing the Levels for AMCON Distributing Company  Geneva Journal - 9 hours ago Investors monitoring the equity markets for value may be looking at the Magic Formula Rank or MF Rank for AMCON Distributing Company . Presently, the company has a MF Rank of 2228. The Magic Formula was devised and made popular by&nbsp;...Goldman Sachs Maintains Conviction Buy Rating for Prudential PLC (LON:PRU ... - Wolcott Daily'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: AMCON Distributing Company  is Beating Fenix Parts ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AMCON Distributing Company  versus Fenix Parts Inc  .'
p9
aS'LP Shanks sold to Amcon Crossville Chronicle - Jun 17, 2011 The L.P. Shanks Co., founded in 1916 by Luke Shanks in Crossville, has been sold to Amcon Distributing Co. of Omaha, NE. &quot;I feel really good about this company and what they are going to do in Crossville,&quot; said Scot Shanks, grandson of Luke Shanks and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.