(lp0
S"Dick's Sporting Goods Inc -- Best in Class but in a Shrinking Industry Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 In this Market Foolery segment, Chris Hill is joined by Bill Barker from Motley Fool Funds as they cover the state of brick-and-mortar sporting goods retailers with the latest results from Dick's Sporting Goods . The bankruptcy of major ...Revenue Update on Dicks Sporting Goods Inc - Energy IndexDigging Up the Facts on Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS"What The Gander Mountain Bankruptcy Means For Dicks Sporting Goods, Sportsman ... Benzinga - Mar 13, 2017 Credit Suisse said Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc  will be a better beneficiary from the bankruptcy of Gander Mountain Company  versus Dicks Sporting Goods Inc . DKS may not benefit as much as hoped,&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods And The Competition Dichotomy Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 On Wednesday, the company reported solid results as revenues grew over 10% YOY with a 5% same-store sale improvement. Non-GAAP ... After Sports Authority and Vestis Retail Group filed for bankruptcy protection in 2016 (both chains combined accounted ...Dick's Sporting Goods dumping 20% of vendors to focus on private brands - MarketWatchDICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Three New Stores - PR Newswire "
p3
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - 10 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Dick's Sporting Goods Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of New Store in Atlanta, GA - PR Newswire Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Edward W Stack ... - Energy Index"
p4
aS"Is Dick's Sporting Goods Inc  Stock a Value For Investors? Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...Is DICK's Sporting a Great Stock for Value Investors? - Nasdaq"
p5
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods Looks Compelling Here Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Vendor consolidation will grow the company's margins and turn DKS into a more premiere destination for athletic retail.What a Catch: Dick's Sporting Goods Is Set to Break Out of Its Stock Slump - Wall Street Journal DICK'S Sporting Goods Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p6
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Two New Stores PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 Founded in 1948, DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories.Q4 Earnings Preview: What Awaits Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Stock? - Investorplace.comDICK'S Sporting Goods Fourth Quarter Results Call Scheduled for March 7th - Yahoo Finance"
p7
aS"Ex-Dividend Reminder: Lithia Motors, Dick's Sporting Goods and CBS Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/8/17, Lithia Motors Inc , Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc , and CBS Corp  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends."
p8
aS"Thor Industries and Dick's Sporting Goods Decline on Soft Outlooks Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 If you ran a public company, and you put up the kind of quarters that Dick's Sporting Goods just did, and you came out and said, &quot;Look, we're going to be straight with you, here's what our guidance is,&quot; and people said, &quot;Ugh, fine, we're out of here ..."
p9
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Five New Stores in Three States PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 The Company will open a DICK'S Sporting Goods, Field &amp; Stream and Golf Galaxy all under one roof in Davenport - the third store of its kind in the country.Dick's Sporting Goods Downgraded On Wave Of Negative Industry Data - Benzinga"
p10
a.