(lp0
S"Dialogic Buys Apex for Real-Time Comms Light Reading - Feb 9, 2016 In offering real-time conferencing, Dialogic goes into a competitive market, going up against Cisco Systems Inc.  WebEx, Citrix Systems Inc. 's GoToMeeting, Microsoft Corp. 's Skype, and a slew of other&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Dialogic Acquires APEX Communications UCStrategies - Feb 16, 2016 Dialogic has announced a new acquisition, and with it new application offerings. With the purchase of APEX Communications, Inc., Dialogic can now bring real-time communications applications to its service provider customers, allowing these providers to&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Dialogic Enters Into Merger Agreement with Novacap TMT Business Wire  - Oct 10, 2014 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Dialogic Inc. , the Network Fuel company, today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with entities affiliated with Novacap TMT IV, L.P.'
p3
aS'Novacap closes deal for Dialogic Montreal Gazette - Nov 24, 2014 Dialogic originated in 1984 in Montreal as Eicon Networks Corp. before being bought by Intel. Tremblay said that Dialogic president Kevin Cook is staying with the company. In a statement, Cook said that Novacap recognizes the potential of Dialogic and ...NOVACAP Completes Acquisition of Dialogic - Business Wire '
p4
aS"Kevin Cook Appointed as President and CEO of Dialogic Business Wire  - Aug 10, 2012 MILPITAS, Calif.----Dialogic Inc. , a leading provider of products and technologies that enable operators to provide - and subscribers to enjoy - an enhanced mobile experience, today announced that Dialogic's Board of&nbsp;...Kevin Cook replaces Nick Jensen as Dialogic CEO - Bizjournals.com"
p5
aS'Veraz Networks and Dialogic Announce Definitive Agreement to Merge Business Wire  - May 12, 2010 Jefferies &amp; Company, Inc. acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Dialogic, and Pagemill Partners acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Veraz.'
p6
aS"Leaner tech firm Dialogic finds the right fit in a new Parsippany office NJBIZ - Sep 26, 2014 Bob Dennerlein arrived about a year ago at Dialogic Inc.'s office on Route 10 in Parsippany - and he immediately saw a company that needed of a change of scenery."
p7
aS'Dialogic Celebrates New Corporate Headquarters with Ribbon-Cutting Ceremony Parsippany Focus - Sep 10, 2014 PARSIPPANY - Dialogic, Inc., the Network Fuel company, celebrated its corporate headquarters relocation in Parsippany with a ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Parsippany Mayor James Barberio and Dialogic CEO and president Kevin Cook.'
p8
aS"Dialogic, Teleena to Deliver Increased Capacity to Mobile Virtual Network ... PR Web  - Jul 23, 2013 Dialogic Inc. , the Network Fuel company, today announced that it was selected by mobile virtual network enabler Teleena to deliver scalable capacity and reliable IP-to-IP networking for Teleena's mobile virtual network operator &nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Dialogic and Voiceserve Collaborate on Mobile Video Conferencing Solution Telepresence Options - Sep 7, 2011 Milpitas, CA - September 6, 2011 - Dialogic Inc., a leading provider of communications technologies that power advanced networks, today announced it has teamed up with VoipSwitch, a wholly owned subsidiary of Voiceserve, Inc., to successfully develop&nbsp;...'
p10
a.