(lp0
S'Leaf Group Ltd. Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Q4 marks our second consecutive quarter of revenue growth - up a solid 9% year-over-year on a pro forma basis, said Sean Moriarty, CEO of Leaf Group. With continued growth in our Marketplaces business, strong growth for Livestrong.com and renewed&nbsp;...Leaf Group Ltd.  CEO Sean Moriarty On Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaLeaf Group Ltd  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'BRIEF-Demand Media announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd Reuters - Nov 9, 2016 BRIEF-Demand Media announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd. Nov 9  -. * Demand Media Inc announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd. * Demand Media Inc says also begins trading its common stock on Nov. 9 on New York&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Leaf Group to Participate At The 29th Annual ROTH Conference Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----Leaf Group Ltd. , a diversified Internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, announced that the company's Chief Executive Officer, Sean Moriarty, and Chief Financial&nbsp;...$-0.35 EPS Expected for Leaf Group Ltd , Williams Companies  Has 1 ... - HuronReportLeaf Group Ltd  Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem"
p3
aS'Leaf Group to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results on ... Business Wire  - Feb 9, 2017 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----Leaf Group Ltd. , a diversified Internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced it will report its fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results after&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Demand Media Announces Intent to Change Name to Leaf Group Business Wire  - Oct 28, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--Demand Media, Inc. , a diversified internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced it has received board approval to change the company's name to Leaf Group Ltd. The company&nbsp;...Demand Media changing names, to Leaf Group - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'Demand Media Highlights Company Transformation Through New Corporate Name ... Business Wire  - Nov 9, 2016 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----In recognition of its business transformation, Demand Media, Inc., a diversified internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced its new corporate name - Leaf Group Ltd.Demand Media Emerges As Leaf Group - socalTech.com'
p6
aS'BRIEF-Demand Media announces intent to change name to Leaf Group Reuters - Oct 28, 2016 SYDNEY, Feb 4 Chinese online retailer Alibaba Group opened its Australian and New Zealand headquarters in Melbourne on Saturday, its first expansion in the region as it seeks to tap growing global demand for products from the two countries.'
p7
aS"Leaf Group to Participate at the 2017 Citi Internet, Media ... Business Wire  - Jan 3, 2017 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----Leaf Group Ltd. , a diversified Internet company comprised of several media and marketplace properties, announced that the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Sean Moriarty, and Chief Financial&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'The Zacks: Leaf Group Ltd  Given Average Rating of Buy by Analysts Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of Leaf Group Ltd  have been given an average broker rating score of 1.50  from the four brokers that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p9
aS'Osmium Partners, LLC Buys Leaf Group, DAVIDsTEA, Liquidity Service, Sells CRA ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 2, 2017 Greenbrae, CA, based Investment company Osmium Partners, LLC buys Leaf Group, DAVIDsTEA, Liquidity Service, sells CRA International, Travelzoo during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.