(lp0
S"Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 10, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 10, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.58 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 05, 2017.Only 3 days left to Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc 's ex-dividend date ... - Simply Wall StDr Pepper Snapple: Top Line Shows Strength, Currency a Drag - Zacks.com"
p1
aS"Dr Pepper Snapple Group  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 Larry D. Young - Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. Thanks, Heather. Good morning, everyone. I'll start by saying how proud I am of our teams for the strong performance they delivered this past year.Earnings Reaction History: Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., 45.5% Follow-Through ... - Nasdaq"
p2
aS'Dr Pepper Snapple Group To Present At UBS Global Consumer And Retail ... PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 PLANO, Texas, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.  today announced that Michael Simon, Chief Marketing Officer of Bai Brands, and Heather Catelotti, Vice President of Investor Relations, will present at the UBS&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio Energy Index - 15 hours ago The dividend growth rate of Dr Pepper Snapple Group calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 11.4% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.95.Insider Trading Activity Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc.   Director ... - Market ExclusiveRuling stocks in today's market: Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.  - The News Journal"
p4
aS'Caleres, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Nutanix Times of India - Mar 3, 2017 March 3  - Wall Street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several U.S.-listed companies, including Caleres, Dr Pepper Snapple Group and Nutanix, on Friday. HIGHLIGHTS * Caleres Inc : Morgan Stanley raises to ...'
p5
aS'Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.Will Bai Brands take Dr Pepper Snapple Group to the next level? - Analysis - just-drinks.com '
p6
aS"BRIEF-Dr Pepper Snapple Group reports Q4 and full year 2016 results Reuters - Feb 14, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb 14 Pilots at American Airlines Group Inc denounced the carrier's chief executive officer, Doug Parker, on Tuesday, citing his decision last week to skip a meeting with U.S."
p7
aS'What is the Sell-side Saying About Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc ? Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Investors and analysts will be closely watching when the company next reports earnings numbers. Earnings results can offer insight into the overall profitability of a specific company.'
p8
aS"Option Market: Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc Risk Hits A Tumbling Low CML News - Mar 1, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Dr Pepper Snapple Group ..."
p9
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Dr Pepper Snapple Group  Stock Gets Upgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 Today, Dr Pepper Snapple Group  stock received an upgrade by Jefferies Group LLC from Hold to Buy. There are 1 sell rating, 9 hold ratings, 3 buy ratings on the stock.'
p10
a.