(lp0
S"Here's Why Darden Restaurants, Inc. Gained 16% in 2016 Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2017 In a difficult year for restaurants in general, Darden Restaurants Inc.  managed to outperform the industry. The company also closed the calendar year strongly, putting up impressive results in its fiscal Q2, which covered the period that ..."
p1
aS"Why Darden Restaurants, Inc. Stock Jumped in November Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2016 Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc.  surged last month as the Olive Garden parent got a boost from Donald Trump's election."
p2
aS'Darden Restaurants Inc Realized Volatility Hits An Extreme Low CML News - 13 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Darden Restaurants Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day ...'
p3
aS'Darden Restaurants: Strong And Cheap Seeking Alpha - Nov 28, 2016 Darden Restaurants Inc.  is a restaurant chain that operates mainly in United States and Canada under brands like Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse, and others.'
p4
aS'Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: GrubHub Inc. , Darden Restaurants ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Darden Restaurants, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $74.45, it has a price-to-book ratio of 5.04, compared to an industry average at 5.48.Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Darden Restaurants, Inc.  - Energy IndexDarden Restaurants, Inc.  Receives Average Recommendation of Hold from ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS"Room for Seconds at Darden Restaurants Wall Street Journal - Oct 3, 2016 While its customers have been carb-loading, Darden Restaurants Inc. is looking awfully svelte these days. It is still waiting for Wall Street to pay it a compliment.Darden Restaurants CEO: 'We're Not Assuming The Industry's Going To Get Much ... - ForbesDarden Restaurants shares climb on raised outlook and new buyback plan - CNBC"
p6
aS'Darden Restaurants, Inc.  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio Energy Index - 12 hours ago The dividend growth rate of Darden Restaurants calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 3.49% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.4.News Impact Score Of Darden Restaurants, Inc.  At 83 - Stock ObserverStock Under Focus: Darden Restaurants, Inc.  - The Oracle Examiner'
p7
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Darden Restaurants, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Darden Restaurants, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS"The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Children's Place, Rush Enterprises, Darden ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include The Children's Place, Inc. , Rush Enterprises, Inc. , Darden Restaurants, Inc. , Dave &amp; Buster's Entertainment, Inc."
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Darden Restaurants Inc  versus Panera Bread Company ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Darden Restaurants Inc  versus Panera Bread Company  .'
p10
a.