(lp0
S'Stock Focus: Checking Levels on Dover Motorsports Inc  Rives Journal - 18 hours ago Technical Traders may be interested in looking at the indicator levels on shares of Dover Motorsports Inc . The 14-day ADX for Dover Motorsports Inc  is currently 14.57. In general, an ADX value from 0-25 would signal an absent or weak trend.'
p1
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc. Announces Agreement to Sell Nashville Superspeedway to ... Business Wire  - Aug 25, 2016 DOVER, Del.----Dover Motorsports, Inc.  announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Nashville Superspeedway facility to an entity owned by Panattoni Development Company, an international&nbsp;...Dover agrees to sell Nashville track to real estate company - WSMV Channel 4 - WSMV NashvilleDistribution park planned for Nashville Superspeedway site - The Tennessean'
p2
aS'Investor Corner: Checking the Numbers for Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Geneva Journal - 11 hours ago Value investors may be keeping an eye on the Magic Formula Rank or MF Rank for Dover Motorsports, Inc. . Currently, Dover Motorsports, Inc. has a MF Rank of 4747. The Magic Formula was created and popularized by Joel Greenblatt in his&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share ... Sports Perspectives - Feb 19, 2017 Dover Motorsports logo Dover Motorsports, Inc.  - Equities researchers at Gabelli lowered their FY2018 earnings per share estimates for Dover Motorsports in a research report issued on Wednesday.FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Issued By Gabelli - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Jan 4, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p5
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Cerbat Gem - Feb 16, 2017 Dover Motorsports, Inc. logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Dover Motorsports, Inc.  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Thursday morning.'
p6
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals at Critical Inflection Point CML News - Jan 4, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p7
aS"Dover Motorsports, Inc. : Are Hedge Funds Right About This Stock? Insider Monkey  - Jun 27, 2013 Dover Motorsports, Inc.  When looking at the hedgies we track, Jim Roumell's Roumell Asset Management had the biggest position in Dover Motorsports, Inc. , worth close to $3.4 million, accounting for 2.1% of its total 13F portfolio."
p8
aS'Dover grants extension in attempt to sell Nashville track The News Journal - Sep 3, 2014 The Dover Motorsports real estate deal announced in May to sell a speedway in Tennessee did not close this month and a 30-day extension has been granted.'
p9
aS"Stock in the Limelight: Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Morgan Research - Mar 8, 2017 Are shares of Dover Motorsports, Inc.  ready to make a move? Increased volatility and interest from bargain investors have put the stock on a number of investor's watchlists of late."
p10
a.