(lp0
S"Daxor Corporation Announces Death of Founder, Chief Medical Officer, and ... Marketwired  - Feb 1, 2017 NEW YORK, NY-- - Daxor Corporation , an investment company with medical instrumentation and biotechnology operations, sadly announced today the death of the Company's founder and its first President and&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Daxor Corporation Announces Dividend, Patent Approval, Title Change Marketwired  - Nov 18, 2016 NEW YORK, NY-- - Daxor Corporation , an investment company with medical instrumentation and biotechnology operations, announced the payment of a dividend for 2016.'
p2
aS'Daxor Corporation Announces Filing of Form N-CSR for December 31, 2014 Marketwired  - Feb 27, 2015 NEW YORK, NY-- - Daxor Corporation , an investment company with medical instrumentation and biotechnology operations, will be filing a Form N-CSR today disclosing its schedule of portfolio holdings as of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Market Scanner: Checking the Levels for Daxor Corporation  Lenox Ledger - 9 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for Daxor Corporation . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled capital into profitable&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"BRIEF-Daxor Corp says Michael Feldschuh appointed Chairman Reuters - Feb 16, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Daxor  Reaches $8.37 Formed H&amp;S; Brt Realty Trust  Shorts Lowered By ... HuronReport - Mar 9, 2017 Daxor Corporation  formed H&amp;S with $7.95 target or 5.00% below today's $8.37 share price. Daxor Corporation  has $31.99M valuation. The stock decreased 2.67% or $0.23 on March 8, reaching $8.37. About shares traded. Daxor Corporation&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Classic Textbook on Critical Care, the ICU book by Paul Marino, MD, PhD ... Marketwired  - Jan 7, 2014 ... volume) Dr. Marino writes &quot;Blood volume measurements have traditionally required too much time to perform to be clinically useful in an ICU setting, but this has changed with the introduction of a semi-automated blood volume analyzer (Daxor ...'
p7
aS'Woman says defective semen caused autism Cook County Record - Aug 25, 2016 CHICAGO - A woman is suing Idant Laboratories, Daxor Corporation, Invia Fertility Specialists, Karande &amp; Associates S.C.'
p8
aS"Urban floated as potential Priebus replacement Politico - Feb 13, 2017 FIRMS PREPARE FOR TRUMP'S TWITTER ATTACKS: The Wall Street Journal's Rebecca Ballhaus has more details about how corporate types are strategizing about what to do if Trump denounces them on Twitter."
p9
aS'Sunshine Heart Is In Play, Part 5: Aquadex Precision Guided Ultrafiltration ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 13, 2016 The burden of heart failure  remains formidable in the US, with around 1 million annual hospital admissions and frequent outpatient visits to a variety of care providers.'
p10
a.