(lp0
S'Dynacq Healthcare Inc  Files An 8-K Market Exclusive - Oct 14, 2016 Dynacq Healthcare Inc  and its subsidiaries, Vista Community Medical Center, LLP, a Texas limited liability partnership , and Vista Land and Equipment, LLC, a Texas limited liability company  entered into an&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'CEMEKC, Inc. Extends Tender Offer For Dynacq Healthcare, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 22, 2016 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- CEMEKC, Inc.  announced today that it is extending the previously announced tender offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of Dynacq Healthcare, Inc.  not already owned by Dr.'
p2
aS"Why The Dynacq Healthcare Tender Offer Is A Steal Seeking Alpha - Dec 22, 2015 Dynacq Healthcare  is a company with a market cap of less than $2 million but with much more assets. Unlike Thomas Braziel's Ethanex these financial assets were in plain sight on Dynacq's balance sheet. The reason that this company was still ..."
p3
aS'Dynacq Healthcare puts CFO on leave pending investigation Bizjournals.com - Aug 27, 2012 Pasadena-based Dynacq Healthcare Inc.  has placed CFO Philip Chan on administrative leave, pending an investigation.'
p4
aS'Outpatient Care Centers Industry : Analytics, Extensive Financial ... PR Newswire  - Dec 23, 2014 DaVita Healthcare Partners Inc - Fresenius Medical Care North America - AmSurg Corp - United Surgical Partners International Inc - IntegraMed America Inc - LCA-Vision Inc - Advanzeon Solutions Inc - Graymark Healthcare Inc - Dynacq Healthcare Inc'
p5
aS"Why QC Holdings Is Trading So Far Below NCAV Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2016 QC Holdings is trading for less than a fourth of the current assets minus all liabilities. The reason for the low valuation is QC Holdings' pending de-listing."
p6
aS'Monthly Performance Review - January 2017 Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 I believe in transparency when doing equity research, therefore every month I publish performance of every ticker that I wrote an article on alongside the initial thesis.'
p7
aS"Dynacq Healthcare Inc's Vista Land &amp; Equipment, LLC Announces Sale Of Hospital Facility In Garland-Form 8-K Reuters Key Development - Jul 17, 2013 "
p8
a.