(lp0
S'Mystery silence at Erickson Inc. ends with bankruptcy filing OregonLive.com - Nov 9, 2016 Portland aviation company Erickson Inc., unable to handle the giant load of debt piled on it by its private equity owner, filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy late Tuesday.Erickson Inc. files for bankruptcy - KOIN.comHelicopter Operator Erickson Files for Bankruptcy - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS'Erickson Inc. lays off 150 as it rolls out reorganization OregonLive.com - Feb 6, 2015 Portland-based Erickson Inc. laid off roughly 15 percent of its workforce, the aviation company announced Thursday. Executives said a company-wide reorganization prompted the decision to lay off 150 employees.'
p2
aS'Erickson Inc. opens DIP purchase option to Second Priority Note Holders GlobeNewswire  - Dec 8, 2016 PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 08, 2016  -- Erickson Incorporated  , a leading global provider of aviation services, today announced the commencement of a process to syndicate participation in a&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Erickson Inc - The Fall And New Potential Seeking Alpha - Oct 9, 2015 Erickson's eighty-four unit fleet consists of fifteen types/capabilities of rotor and fixed-wing aircraft. What began as a logging business in 1971, expanded into construction and firefighting."
p4
aS'Struggling aviation services firm Erickson Inc. hires investment banker Portland Business Journal  - Jun 9, 2016 Erickson Inc. on Thursday said it has hired investment bank Imperial Capital LLC to explore strategic alternatives, a phrase that can mean a company is for sale.Erickson Engages Imperial Capital - GlobeNewswire '
p5
aS"Erickson Inc. Receives Final Court Approval of DIP Financing Facility GlobeNewswire  - Dec 1, 2016 PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 01, 2016  -- Erickson Incorporated  , a leading global provider of aviation services, today announced that on December 1, 2016, less than thirty days after granting Erickson's&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Cash-poor Erickson admits debt default a possibility OregonLive.com - Aug 17, 2016 After another disappointing quarter of declining sales and big losses, Portland helicopter company Erickson Inc. doesn't have enough money to pay its bills."
p7
aS'After two-year slump, Erickson considers restructuring options OregonLive.com - Jun 10, 2016 Erickson Inc., famed for its heavy-lift helicopters, is considering various restructuring options, it acknowledged Thursday.'
p8
aS'Erickson Inc  Stock Doubles on Navy Deals Schaeffers Research  - Jun 7, 2016 Aviation services stock Erickson Inc  has more than doubled in value today, last seen 143.6% higher at $1.34, after the company won two contracts with the U.S.Erickson Announces Award of Two Contracts with the United States Navy Military ... - GlobeNewswire Erickson  Stock Soars on US Navy Contracts - TheStreet.com'
p9
aS"Erickson Bonds Sink After S&amp;P Lowers Rating on Declining Demand Bloomberg - Jun 2, 2016 Bonds of utility aircraft maker Erickson Inc. plunged after the company's debt rating was cut to CCC+, or seven levels below investment-grade by S&amp;P Global Ratings."
p10
a.