(lp0
S"Echo Therapeutics Separation Agreement With Scott Hollander ValueWalk - Sep 26, 2016 Late Friday afternoon, buried in an 8k and without a press release, Echo Therapeutics announced that it had entered into a Separation Agreement with Scott Hollander, the company's President, CEO and Director. The company did not name a replacement for&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Echo Therapeutics Announces New Patents for Non-Invasive Sensing Technology PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2016 ISELIN, N.J., Feb. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring  and associated technologies, today announced new patents covering its system&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Echo Therapeutics, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - May 15, 2015 ISELIN, N.J., May 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring and associated technologies, today announced its financial results for the quarter&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"More Trouble Ahead For Echo Therapeutics Inc ? ValueWalk - Jul 21, 2016 It appears the company failed to raise any equity in the over 6 month period it had to meet the Nasdaq requirement. We estimate ECTE needed to raise only approximately $7 million, which shouldn't have been that difficult considering the market is at ..."
p4
aS'Echo Therapeutics Inc   A Stock With No Revenue And A Short Catalyst ValueWalk - Jun 27, 2016 Echo Therapeutics is trying to develop a non-invasive , wireless, continuous glucose monitoring system. You can see the latest presentation at http://echotx.'
p5
aS'Echo Therapeutics faces uncertain future in whistleblower case Mass Device - Dec 2, 2016 Echo Therapeutics  said today that its future may be in jeopardy after getting hit with a restrictive injunction related to a whistleblower case alleging securities violations, theft of trade secrets and more.Echo Therapeutics target of whistleblower suit, survival at stake; shares down 21% - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"Echo Therapeutics' Continuous Glucose Monitoring System to be Profiled on ... PR Newswire  - Oct 21, 2015 ISELIN, N.J., Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring and associated technologies, today announced that it was informed that, due to&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Echo Therapeutics Announces New Patent for its Non-Invasive Sensing Technology PR Newswire  - Jun 22, 2016 ISELIN, N.J., June 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring  and associated technologies, today announced a new patent covering its&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Echo Therapeutics' Non-Invasive Continuous Glucose Monitoring System Likely ... PR Newswire  - Aug 12, 2015 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring  and associated technologies, today announced that, after numerous consultations with the&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Echo Therapeutics touts win in whistleblower case Mass Device - Dec 13, 2016 Echo Therapeutics  this week announced a court ruling in its favor, denying a restrictive injunction and giving the company breathing room after it said last week that a long defense could drain its coffers and leave its future uncertain.'
p10
a.