(lp0
S"Defunct ECOtality's Brass Hid Woes With DOE, Investors Say Law360  - Jun 12, 2015 Law360, New York  -- Two asset management firms sued the directors and officers of bankrupt maker of electric-car chargers ECOtality Inc., alleging in California federal court Thursday that the executives hid the pending&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"ECOtality Installs First DC Fast Charger in 'The Tennessee Triangle' Business Wire  - Oct 31, 2011 ECOtality, Inc. , headquartered in San Francisco, California, is a leader in clean electric transportation and storage technologies."
p2
aS'ECOtality Shareholders Get Plug Pulled On Class Action Law360  - Sep 17, 2014 Law360, Los Angeles  -- A California federal judge on Tuesday tossed a putative shareholder class action against the directors and officers of bankrupt electric vehicle charger maker ECOtality Inc., ruling that their ...'
p3
aS"ECOtality Continues Installations of Blink Commercial Charging Stations in ... Business Wire  - Jun 16, 2011 SAN FRANCISCO &amp; SAN DIEGO----ECOtality, Inc. , a leader in clean electric transportation and storage technologies, today celebrated the company's Blink Pedestal charging station installations in the San Diego metro&nbsp;...San Diego's EV &quot;End Game&quot; Includes 70 Cars and Clean Energy - PluginCars.com"
p4
aS"ECOtality Installs First Blink DC Fast Charging Station at Portland Fred Meyer Business Wire  - Oct 24, 2011 BUSINESS WIRE)--Alongside Oregon elected officials and electric vehicle  advocates, ECOtality, Inc. , a leader in clean electric transportation and storage technologies, today celebrated the Company's first Blink Direct Current &nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Cracker Barrel to Install ECOtality's Blink EV Charging Stations at Select ... Business Wire  - Nov 30, 2010 SAN FRANCISCO----ECOtality, Inc. , a leader in clean electric transportation and storage technologies, today announced that Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  has joined The EV Project, and will&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"ECOtality outlines plans to electrify Phoenix metro area; 960 chargers coming soon Autoblog  - Oct 19, 2010 ECOtality, Inc., a leader in clean electric transportation and storage technologies, today unveiled the company's electric vehicle  infrastructure plans for the metropolitan Phoenix area at a press conference featuring key regional stakeholders."
p7
aS"Bankrupt Ecotality has deals to sell assets for $4.3 million azcentral.com - Oct 11, 2013 The bankrupt electric-car charging company Ecotality Inc. has deals to sell its assets for $4.3 million to three separate buyers, according to court records.CarCharging Group Announces Acquisition of Ecotality's Blink Network - PluginCars.com"
p8
aS'Blink HQ Line Of Home-Based EV Chargers Announced Hybrid Cars News - May 24, 2013 ECOtality, Inc. has announced the summer launch of Blink HQ, its new family of electric vehicle  charging products for the home.'
p9
aS"Electric Car Charger Company, ECOtality, Goes Bankrupt, Stranding 13000 ... Huffington Post - Oct 13, 2013 Now here's a fine mess, as Laurel and Hardy used to say. One of the biggest electric vehicle charging companies, Arizona-based ECOtality , went bankrupt, stranding about 13,000 commercial and residential stations. We all have a&nbsp;...Got A Blink Charging Station? ChargePoint Offers Up To $2200 For You To Switch - Green Car Reports"
p10
a.