(lp0
S'Algonquin Power to Buy Empire District for $1.49 Billion Bloomberg - Feb 9, 2016 Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. agreed to acquire The Empire District Electric Co. for $1.49 billion, in the second purchase of a U.S.Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. to Acquire The Empire District Electric ... - Business Wire Empire District Electric agrees to be acquired by Canadian company for $2.4 ... - Springfield News-Leader'
p1
aS'Midwestern Utility Empire District Electric Said to Explore Sale Bloomberg - Dec 11, 2015 Empire District Electric Co., a utility that supplies energy across the Midwestern U.S., is exploring a sale, according to people familiar with the matter.'
p2
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Sets Payment Date and Amount of Special ... Business Wire  - Jan 1, 2017 JOPLIN, Mo.----Pursuant to the closing today of the merger of The Empire District Electric Company  with Liberty Sub Corp.Acquisition and merger of Empire District Electric Company complete - Four States Homepage'
p3
aS'Liberty Utilities completes acquisition of The Empire District Electric Co. Bolivar Herald-Free Press  - Jan 5, 2017 Based in Joplin, Empire is an investor-owned, regulated utility providing electric, natural gas  and water service, with around 218,000 customers in Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Arkansas.Empire Gas acquired by Liberty Utilities - Maryville Daily ForumWhy This Utility Is Attractive Today for Growth and Income - The Motley Fool Canada'
p4
aS'Empire District Electric Company announces retirement of Marsha Wallace Springfield News-Leader - Oct 23, 2016 Marsha Wallace retired from the Empire District Electric Company on Sept. 30 following 36 years of service. Wallace joined the company in 1980 as a systems administrator.'
p5
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Declares Pro-Rated Dividend Business Wire  - Dec 22, 2016 JOPLIN, Mo.---- The board of directors of The Empire District Electric Company  today declared a special pro-rated dividend in preparation for the expected closing of the merger of the Company with Liberty Sub&nbsp;...Merger of The Empire District Electric Co. gets final OK - KY3'
p6
aS"Merger Agreement Sends Empire District Electric Co's Stock Soaring Motley Fool - Feb 10, 2016 So what: Empire District Electric has agreed to be acquired in an all-cash deal for $34 per share, valuing the company at $2.4 billion. That purchase price represents a 21% premium to the company's closing price on Monday and is 50% above its closing ..."
p7
aS'Empire District Electric Co  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by ... Sports Perspectives - 17 hours ago Empire District Electric logo Shares of Empire District Electric Co  have been given a consensus rating of Hold by the ten research firms that are covering the stock.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Empire District Electric Company  (NYSE ... - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Medlin retires from Empire District Electric Springfield News-Leader - Mar 11, 2017 Kent Medlin retired from the Empire District Electric Company on Dec. 31 following 15 years of service. After performing contract work for the company, Medlin officially joined the Empire staff in June 2001 in telecommunications and fiber optic sales.TD Securities Reaffirms Reduce Rating for Empire District Electric Co.  - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Files Unanimous Settlement Agreement in ... Business Wire  - Oct 6, 2016 JOPLIN, Mo.----The Empire District Electric Company  announced today a filing with the Kansas Corporation Commission  of a Unanimous Settlement Agreement with respect to the joint application for approval of an&nbsp;...'
p10
a.