(lp0
S"Edgewater Technology  Names Jeffrey Rutherford as Interim CEO StreetInsider.com - Mar 9, 2017 Edgewater Technology, Inc.  announced that the Company's Board of Directors has named Jeffrey L. Rutherford, a member of the Company's Board, as Chairman and interim President and CEO, replacing Shirley Singleton.Kurt James Wolf Acquires 20000 Shares of Edgewater Technology Inc.  Stock - Chaffey BreezeEdgewater Technology Inc/de/  Files Form 4 Insider Buying : Frederick D ... - Energy Index"
p1
aS'Guess Who Picked Up Edgewater Technology Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 8, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Edgewater Technology Inc.  reported that Ancora Advisors, Llc.Insider Trading Activity Edgewater Technology Inc.   Director ... - Market ExclusiveStock Returns: Edgewater Technology Inc  is Beating PFSweb Inc ... - CML News'
p2
aS'Ephraim Fields Comments on Board Changes at Edgewater Technology, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 &quot;We have always known that heedless self interest was bad morals, we now know that it is bad economics.&quot; - Franklin D. Roosevelt.Stock Returns: NCI Inc  is Beating Edgewater Technology Inc ... - CML NewsEdgewater Technology, Inc.  Analyst Coverage - NewsDen'
p3
aS'The Edgewater Technologies Acquisition Affair Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2015 Presently, AMRH is basically an ERP  consulting company focused on SAP solutions. Edgewater Technologies, for its part, if basically an ERP consulting company based on Microsoft Dynamics. There is a level of commonality&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 Edgewater Technology, Inc. is a provider of transformational classic and product-based consulting services. The Company helps the C-suite drive transformational change through its selection of business and technology services, and channel-based&nbsp;...Edgewater Technology Inc.  likely to see bigger moves on its earnings ... - Post Analyst'
p5
aS"Edgewater Technology: Cash Cow For Cheap Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2015 Although the company's reputation was temporarily hurt by the Wakefield Massacre, it has remained an esteemed name in the IT consulting space."
p6
aS'A Look At Edgewater Technology Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2015 Edgewater Technology , headquartered in Wakefield, Massachusetts, is an IT consulting firm with over 400 employees.'
p7
aS'Ancora Advisors Is Buying Edgewater Technology Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Dec 12, 2016 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Edgewater Technology Inc.  reported that Ancora Advisors, Llc has picked up 7,407,865 of common stock as of 2016-12-07.'
p8
aS'Ancora Advisors Delivers Open Letter to Edgewater Technology Stockholders PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2017 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Ancora Advisors, LLC , a 9.2% stockholder of Edgewater Technology, Inc.  , announced today that it has issued an open letter to Edgewater&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Edgewater Technology Inc  Jumps Higher For Week Business Review - 15 hours ago Edgewater Technology Inc  shares have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 8.04% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p10
a.