(lp0
S"Foundation to Buy Education Management Corp., Convert Campuses Into Nonprofits Chronicle of Higher Education   - Mar 3, 2017 The Obama administration's heightened regulation of for-profit colleges was not kind to the once-sprawling for-profit educator known as EDMC. In 2015 the corporation reached a $95.5-million settlement with the federal government over claims that it had&nbsp;...Education Management Corporation announces execution of sale to Dream Center ... - PR Newswire EDMC inks sale to Dream Center Foundation - Pittsburgh Business Times"
p1
aS'Education Management Corp. Seeks to Reverse Ruling Protecting Minority Bondholders Wall Street Journal - May 12, 2016 Warning that the ability of troubled businesses to restructure their debt outside of bankruptcy proceedings is on the line, lawyers representing for-profit education company Education Management Corp. and its lenders have urged an appeals court to ...'
p2
aS'Appeals Court Rules for Education Management in Bondholder Dispute Wall Street Journal - Jan 17, 2017 A federal appeals court held that Education Management Corp. complied with federal law in restructuring its debt outside of bankruptcy court, a long-awaited ruling with significant implications for investors in distressed corporate debt.2nd Circ. Says EDMC Restructuring Did Not Violate Bond Law - Law360 '
p3
aS'Education Management Corporation Names Mark A. McEachen President and CEO PR Newswire  - Sep 21, 2015 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Education Management Corporation  announced today that Board of Directors Chairman Mark A. McEachen has been named President and Chief Executive Officer of the organization, effective Sept.EDMC names board chairman new CEO - Tribune-ReviewNew EDMC executive takes helm of struggling for-profit education company - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette'
p4
aS'In EDMC sale, ties to for-profit education to face scrutiny Pittsburgh Post-Gazette - Mar 13, 2017 Last year, an extremely enthusiastic charitable nonprofit foundation based in India approached Education Management Corp. with an offer. Hoping to break into the United States, the Ritnand Balved Education Foundation wanted to buy the Pittsburgh&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Education Management Corp. Selling Its For-Profit Art Institutes Forbes - Mar 4, 2017 The parent company of Art Institutes, a chain of privately held, for-profit &quot;career schools&quot; that include culinary academies in 31 communities, is about to turn over the keys to most of its locations to a Los Angeles-based philanthropic foundation ...'
p6
aS'Education Management to Pay $95.5 Million to Settle Federal, State Charges Wall Street Journal - Nov 16, 2015 Federal prosecutors announced a $95.5 million settlement with a for-profit education company on Monday to settle allegations the firm used high pressure boiler room tactics to unlawfully recruit students.Education Management Reaches Comprehensive Agreements with Attorneys General ... - PR Newswire EDMC agrees to $95.5M settlement, will improve recruiting process - Tribune-Review'
p7
aS'Large For-Profit Settlements Inside Higher Ed - Nov 17, 2015 Federal prosecutors said they secured a nearly $100 million settlement with the Education Management Corporation to resolve long-running allegations that the for-profit college chain illegally paid bonuses to recruiters.'
p8
aS'Mick J. Beekhuizen steps down as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial ... PR Newswire  - Jan 14, 2016 PITTSBURGH, Jan. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Education Management Corporation  today announced that Mick J. Beekhuizen will be stepping down as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective February 29.'
p9
aS"Federal Judge Sides With Marblegate in Education Management Dispute Wall Street Journal - Jun 23, 2015 A federal judge Tuesday that Education Management Corp.'s debt restructuring violated the rights of bondholders that didn't support the deal, forcing the for-profit education company to continue making payments on bonds owned by a hedge fund."
p10
a.