(lp0
S'Is Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  a Long Term Growth Play? Aiken Advocate - 6 hours ago Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research.'
p1
aS"GlassHouse: Electronics For Imaging's Balance Sheet 'Littered With ... Benzinga - Oct 13, 2016 GlassHouse Research has published a new damning report on Electronics for Imaging, Inc. . According to the report, Electronics for Imaging has been using every accounting gimmick in the book to tweak its earnings numbers."
p2
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation ... PR Newswire  - Oct 14, 2016 NEW YORK, Oct. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC is investigating potential claims on behalf of purchasers of the securities Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  .'
p3
aS'Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  Energy Index - Mar 14, 2017 Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  saw its share price trade relatively negative in the recent trading session. The share price was last updated to $46.38 with a loss of -0.05 points or -0.11%.Price Index Watch on Shares of Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  - Davidson RegisterBrokerages Set Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Target Price at $53.00 - BNB Daily '
p4
aS"Levels in Review on Shares of Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  Rives Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 7. Piotroski's F-Score uses nine tests based on company financial statements."
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated  is Beating Electronics ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated  versus Electronics for Imaging Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end ...'
p6
aS"Electronics for Imaging  to Acquire Xerox's  FreeFlow Print Server ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 2, 2017 On January 31, 2017, Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  entered into a transaction to acquire Xerox Corporation's FreeFlow Print Server Digital Front Ends business.Xerox and EFI Partner to Give Customers Best in Class Digital Front Ends - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Investor Update on Shares of Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 16 hours ago Investors may be tracking fundamental and technical data for Electronics for Imaging, Inc. . The company has a current Value Composite Score of 46.'
p8
aS'Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Receives $53.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - Mar 11, 2017 Electronics For Imaging logo Shares of Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  have earned a consensus recommendation of Buy from the eight brokerages that are currently covering the stock.Should You Sell Electronics For Imaging, Inc. Based On Current Broker Views? - NewsDen'
p9
aS'EFI Acquires Optitex to Extend Its Leadership in the Digital Transformation of ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 17, 2016 FREMONT, Calif., June 16, 2016  -- Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  announced today the acquisition of Optitex Ltd.'
p10
a.