(lp0
S'Epiq Systems Agrees to $627 Million Buyout Wall Street Journal - Jul 27, 2016 Legal software company Epiq Systems Inc. has agreed to be taken private in a $627 million buyout deal, ending months of merger speculation.Embattled Epiq Systems agrees to $1 billion buyout and merger with rival DTI - Kansas City StarEpiq will be acquired by PE funds in $1B deal - Kansas City Business Journal'
p1
aS"Epiq Systems in renewed discussions to sell itself: sources Reuters - Feb 20, 2016 Epiq Systems Inc EPIQ.O is in new talks to sell itself, as a drop in the value of the U.S. legal software company's shares has made it attractive to potential buyers, according to people familiar with the matter."
p2
aS'Epiq Systems Rejected $1.1 Billion Buyout Offer From P2 Bloomberg - Sep 22, 2014 Epiq Systems Inc., the provider of legal software for electronic discovery in bankruptcy and class action cases, rejected a $20-a-share takeover offer from its now largest shareholder P2 Capital Partners LLC.Why EPIQ Systems  Stock Is Gaining Today - TheStreet.comP2 Capital Partners Surges Stake in EPIQ Systems, Inc.  Sending Stock ... - Insider Monkey '
p3
aS"Epiq Systems loss grows in second quarter as buyout advances Kansas City Star - Aug 10, 2016 Kansas City, Kan.-based Epiq Systems Inc. reported a larger loss in its second quarter and continued work to complete its sale to a rival's owner in a $1 billion transaction."
p4
aS"Epiq Systems battle moves to courthouse Kansas City Star - Dec 14, 2015 A New Orleans-based investor group has sued Kansas City, Kan.-based Epiq Systems Inc. amid a battle for control of the company's board of directors.Investor Hits eDiscovery Firm with Lawsuit - Bloomberg Big Law Business"
p5
aS'DTI Completes Acquisition of EPIQ Systems  StreetInsider.com - Sep 30, 2016 DTI and Epiq Systems, Inc. today announced the successful completion of the acquisition of Epiq  by OMERS Private Equity and Harvest Partners.'
p6
aS'Epiq Systems: A New Bid May Be Close Seeking Alpha  - Feb 7, 2015 Epiq Systems, Inc.   offers software solutions for lawyers in the U.S. and all over the world.'
p7
aS'Epiq Systems will pay $134M for legal data services company Kansas City Business Journal - Apr 8, 2015 Epiq Systems Inc. will pay $134 million to acquire Iris Data Services Inc., combining two legal technology services providers, the companies announced Wednesday.Epiq Systems to Accelerate Growth of eDiscovery Managed Services Offering With ... - GlobeNewswire EPIQ Systems  Enters Agreement to Acquire Iris Data Services - StreetInsider.com'
p8
aS"Villere Has Plans for Epiq Systems Barron's - Jun 18, 2016 13Ds are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 10 days of an entity's attaining a greater than 5% position in any class of a company's securities. Subsequent changes in holdings or intentions must be reported in amended filings."
p9
aS'Epiq Systems Settles with Activist Investor Which Still Wants a Sale TheStreet.com - Nov 4, 2014 3, that it had agreed to settle with 16.22% stakeholder St. Denis J. Villere &amp; Co. LLC and add one Villere nominee to its board.'
p10
a.