(lp0
S'WesBanco, Inc. Consummates Merger with ESB Financial Corporation and Appoints ... PR Newswire  - Feb 10, 2015 WHEELING, W.Va., and ELLWOOD CITY, Pa., Feb. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- WesBanco, Inc.  , a multi-state bank holding company headquartered in Wheeling, West Virginia, and ESB Financial&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"ESB Financial executives to get golden parachutes after WesBanco merger Pittsburgh Business Times - Dec 22, 2014 The $324 million merger between WesBanco Inc. and ESB Financial Corp. announced Oct. 30 is one of the area's biggest banking business stories of the year."
p2
aS'Roundup: WesBanco to acquire ESB Financial for $324M; PNC to replace credit ... Tribune-Review - Oct 30, 2014 WesBanco Inc. of Wheeling, W.Va., will acquire ESB Financial Corp. of Ellwood City and become a top 10 bank in the Pittsburgh market, the banking companies said on Wednesday.Behind the scenes at the WesBanco/ESB merger: How it happened - Pittsburgh Business Times WesBanco doubles down in Pennsylvania with $324M buyout of ESB Financial - Columbus Business First '
p3
aS"WesBanco, ESB settle suits ahead of shareholder vote Thursday Pittsburgh Business Times  - Jan 21, 2015 ESB Financial Inc., filed in U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and Randall Kress vs. ESB Bank, filed in the Court of Common Pleas of Lawrence County last month - both alleged members of ESB's board breached their fiduciary ..."
p4
aS"Bankers' Bank adds to executive team Wichita Business Journal - Mar 6, 2017 ... at Bankers' Bank of Kansas is no stranger to Wichita's financial services sector. Mike Sikes is coming back to Wichita to serve in that capacity."
p5
aS'WesBanco Announces the Appointment of John Iannone as Vice President Investor ... PR Newswire  - Nov 9, 2015 That growth was due to our acquisition of ESB Financial Corporation as well as our own market price appreciation. With that growth and financial success comes increased coverage from the financial press and investment community.'
p6
aS"WesBanco Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Net Income PR Newswire  - Jan 24, 2017 WesBanco's results also include ESB Financial Corporation's  results from February 10, 2015, the date of consummation of that merger."
p7
aS'Andes Technology Corporation Goes IPO On the Taiwan Stock Exchange Marketwired  - Mar 14, 2017 To become listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange, a company such as Andes, must have a net worth, in both its most recent financial report and in its financial report for the most recent fiscal year, that is two-thirds or greater of the share capital ...'
p8
aS'Pepper appoints ex-Barclays chief Andrew Hastings to board Irish Times - Dec 22, 2016 Andrew Hastings, the former chief of Barclays Bank in Ireland, has been appointed to the board of Pepper Finance Corporation , the loan servicing specialist and mortgage lender. Mr Hastings led Barclays Bank Ireland plc between 2011 and 2015 ...'
p9
aS'Want A 5% Return From A Bank? Buy Elmira Savings Bank Shares Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2016 Besides banking, the company has 2 subsidiaries: ESB Realty Corp. and ESB Advisory Services, Inc. ESB Realty Corp operates as a REIT, and ESB Advisory Services offers financial planning and products geared around financial planning. The market area&nbsp;...'
p10
a.