(lp0
S'Electro Scientific Industries Inc. ESIO  Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 News Electro Scientific Industries Inc.ESIO. Significant News Only. 03/01/17; Press Release. ESI Announces Hiring of John Williams as Vice President of Marketing.'
p1
aS'Electro Scientific Industries Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 10, 2017 Electro Scientific Industries Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 10, as the stock gained 6.44% to close at $7.11.'
p2
aS'The Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  Receives Consensus Rating of ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  have received an average broker rating score of 2.00  from the two analysts that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p3
aS'Electro Scientific Industries Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 13, 2017 Electro Scientific Industries Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 13, as the stock lost 2.11% to close at $6.96.Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  Given Hold Rating at Needham ... - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Electro Scientific Industries Inc  versus ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Electro Scientific Industries Inc  versus Frequency Electronics Inc  .TheStreet Upgrades Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  to C- - BNB Daily The Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.  Raised to C- at TheStreet - DailyQuint'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Control4 Corporation  versus Electro Scientific ... CML News - Feb 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Control4 Corporation  versus Electro Scientific Industries Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end ...'
p6
aS'Research Analyst Places These Stocks on Electro Scientific Industries, Inc ... Davidson Register - 12 hours ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Electro Scientific Industries, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Electro Scientific Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - Fiscal Standard'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Electro Scientific Industries Inc  versus Vishay ... CML News - Feb 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Electro Scientific Industries Inc  versus Vishay Precision Group Inc  .'
p8
aS"ESI Announces Corporate Restructuring GlobeNewswire  - Feb 10, 2017 PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 10, 2017  -- Electro Scientific Industries, Inc. , an innovator in laser-based manufacturing solutions for the micro-machining industry, today announced a corporate reorganization that is designed to&nbsp;...Electro Scientific Industries higher 6.3% on corporate restructuring plans - Seeking AlphaRestructuring at Portland-based ESI called 'an answered prayer' - Portland Business Journal"
p9
aS'ESI Selects Michael Burger to be next President and CEO GlobeNewswire  - Aug 19, 2016 PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 19, 2016  -- Electro Scientific Industries, Inc. , an innovator of laser-based manufacturing solutions for the microtechnology industry, today announced that Michael Burger, former CEO of Cascade&nbsp;...ESI taps former Cascade Microtech CEO for top job - Portland Business Journal '
p10
a.