(lp0
S"Eagle Materials, Inc. Builds Another Record Quarter Motley Fool - Jan 25, 2017 Eagle Materials  reported excellent results for its fiscal third quarter on the back of increasing demand for construction products and building materials. The company set new fiscal third-quarter records for revenue and net income, thanks to ...Eagle Materials'  CEO Dave Powers on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaEagle Materials Inc.  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS"Eagle Materials, Inc. Earnings Double on Record Revenue Motley Fool - Oct 24, 2016 Eagle Materials  reported solid fiscal second-quarter results before the market opened on Monday. The strong construction market drove results, more than offsetting the company's exposure to the weak oil market. Looking ahead, the company&nbsp;...Eagle Materials  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'Eagle Materials, Inc. Earnings Are Cemented by Strong Volumes Motley Fool - Jul 25, 2016 Eagle Materials  started its fiscal 2017 right where it left off last year, delivering solid results before the market opened on Monday.Eagle Materials  Dave Powers on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'Common Share Dividend Yield of Eagle Materials Inc  Energy Index - 21 hours ago Eagle Materials Inc has a dividend payout ratio calculated based on  is 0.1 and the average fiscal quarterly payout ratio for last five years is 0.2.The 2226 Shares in Eagle Materials, Inc.  Acquired by Marshall Wace LLP - Petro Global News 24Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Eagle Materials Inc  - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Eagle Materials: Cement Demand To Unlock Further Value Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Eagle Materials  is expected to generate value for its shareholders by a) higher capacity utilization resulting in economies of scale, b) consolidating its position in the market through acquisition of related businesses, c) expanding its top ...Eagle Materials Inc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 23 - Equities.com'
p5
aS'Eagle Materials - Adding Further Cement To The Business Seeking Alpha - Sep 12, 2016 Eagle Materials  is diversified building materials producer which is in full expansion mode again coming out of the 2008 crisis.'
p6
aS"Is Eagle Materials Inc.  a Long Term Growth Play? Aiken Advocate - 10 hours ago Shaers of Eagle Materials Inc.  have been recommended as a long term growth pick. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $99.77, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the recent years."
p7
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: Eagle Materials Inc. , Leucadia National ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p8
aS"Cemex to Sell Ohio Assets to Eagle Materials Wall Street Journal - Sep 12, 2016 MEXICO CITYMexican cement and building materials company Cemex SAB took another step toward meeting its asset-divestment target with an agreement to sell a cement plant and terminal in Ohio to Eagle Materials Inc. for about $400 million. The sale&nbsp;...Eagle Materials Inc. Announces a Definitive Agreement to Acquire Cemex's ... - Business Wire Cemex to pay Down debt with plant sale to Eagle Materials - TheStreet.com"
p9
aS'Stock Price of Eagle Materials Inc  Decreases -8.62% Energy Index - Mar 13, 2017 Eagle Materials Inc s trend and data analysis indicates that the stock price has dropped -1.74% in the past 12 Weeks , but analyzing the 6 month charts for the stock , the price continues to stay positive and keep the rally at 26.32% .Why Analysts put forward these two stocks: Eagle Materials Inc. , Juno ... - The USA CommerceThe Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $3417000 Position in Eagle Materials ... - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.