(lp0
S"Ford Motor Company proves UK's most preferred manufacturer of driverless vehicles The Sun - Mar 10, 2017 UK motorists picked Ford due to positive past experiences with the brand, which naturally led them to think positively about its delivery of cars in the future, despite drastic changes to how they will be built and, more importantly, used by motorists ..."
p1
aS"Ford to build new Lincoln SUV in China by 2019 The Detroit News - Mar 13, 2017 The move will help Lincoln reach growing demand in China. The company wouldn't go into detail about the SUV, and only said it will be a brand-new vehicle.Ford Motor Company To Produce A Lincoln SUV Just For Chinese Markets - StockNews.com Ford to produce Lincoln SUVs in China - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Why Ford Motor Company  Stock Is Still a Screaming Good Buy Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Like its corporate slogan, Built Ford Tough, investors must have enormous strength to withstand frustration and possess nerves of steel of own shares of Ford Motor Company . Ford stock, which has fallen some 5% over the past year, has been&nbsp;...Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Ford Motor Company and General ... - Yahoo FinanceFord And Its 4.8% Yield - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'4 Reasons To Buy Ford Motor Company Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Ford is the second largest automotive company in the U.S. in terms of market share and captures about 7.3% of the global market.'
p4
aS"How Concerned Should Ford Motor Co. Investors Be About Sales in China? Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 It's no secret that China is incredibly important to Ford Motor Company : That's been covered thoroughly since the company doubled down on Asian investment in 2012.Ford Motor Company  Gets Smart About Its Future - Investorplace.comAs GM Considers Europe Exit, Ford Motor Co.'s Sales Jump 11% - Fox Business"
p5
aS"3 Key Takeaways From Ford Motor Company's February Sales Figures Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Detroit's second-largest automaker, Ford Motor Company , posted another monthly sales decline -- its fourth in the past six months.Ford Motor Co Feb. US Sales Down 4% - Quick Facts - Nasdaq"
p6
aS"Ford Motor Company to Host CFO Let's Chat Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 On Thursday, March 23, Bob Shanks, Ford Motor Company  executive vice president and chief financial officer, will host a Let's Chat forum to discuss key items of interest to the investment community.Ford adds software heavyweight to board - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS"Technicals in Focus for Ford Motor Company  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Ford Motor Company , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS"Can Ford Motor Company  Rev Up Its Engines? Investorplace.com - Feb 27, 2017 Within the automotive community, Ford Motor Company  has a few colorful nicknames - perhaps the most common one is Fixed Or Repaired Daily, but there's quite a few I haven't heard before.FORD MOTOR COMPANY  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveChecking the Overall Picture for Ford Motor Company  - StockNewsJournal"
p9
aS'Traders Secrets on Ford Motor Company , Marathon Oil Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.The Ford Motor Company  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from Brokerages - Petro Global News 24Ford Motor Company  Given a $12.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.