(lp0
S'First Advantage adds Franklin location Clarksville Leaf Chronicle - Oct 10, 2016 First Advantage Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Advantage Bancorp, which is traded on OTC QX under the symbol FABK.'
p1
aS'Avenue exec moves to First Advantage Nashville Post  - May 6, 2016 First Advantage Bank has recruited a former Avenue Bank executive to lead its credit operations. Richard Bynum joins Clarksville-based First Advantage, which runs six branches and a lending office in the region and has about $500 million in assets,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Going Private Confuses Bank's Shareholders CFO Magazine - May 14, 2013 First Advantage Bancorp recently announced it was doing just that and the announcement produced investor confusion and some negative reaction."
p3
aS'First Advantage Bank promotes Michael Rye to Assistant Vice President of ... Clarksville Online - Aug 2, 2013 With deep roots in commercial and mortgage lending, First Advantage Bank is a trusted financial partner for businesses, individuals and families.'
p4
aS'First Advantage Bank Opens Franklin Tennessee Location Clarksville Online - Jun 20, 2013 First Advantage Bank is a trusted financial partner for businesses, individuals and families. First Advantage Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of First Advantage Bancorp , is an Equal Housing Lender and Member FDIC. For more information visit&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"First Advantage Bank brings in Christy Caudill to it's Executive Team Clarksville Online - Jan 6, 2015 First Advantage Bank Clarksville, TN - First Advantage Bank announced that Christy Caudill has joined its leadership team as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer."
p6
aS"Clarksville's First Advantage Bank donates iPads to PIE Partner Barksdale ... Clarksville Online - Aug 19, 2014 Barksdale strives to provide the best education to its students and we are very grateful for First Advantage Bank's generous donation."
p7
aS"Border Bancshares to Buy First Advantage in Minn. American Banker - Dec 5, 2014 Border Bancshares in Greenbush, Minn., has agreed to buy full ownership of First Advantage Bank in Coon Rapids, Minn. Border was one of First Advantage's founding shareholders and owns 4.5% of its stock, making it one of First Advantage's larger&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"On the Move: 29 November 2016 Nashville Post  - Nov 29, 2016 First Advantage Bank's Cole Norris has been named manager of the bank's new full-service location in Cool Springs at 101 International Drive off Carothers Parkway."
p9
aS'First Bancorp completes Carolina Bank purchase Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 7, 2017 Moore said First Bancorp has two main advantages over those super-community bank competitors, two of which - BNC Bancorp and Yadkin Financial Corp. - are in the process of being bought by regional banks. The first, Moore said, is its focus on&nbsp;...'
p10
a.