(lp0
S"6 Things You Didn't Know About Facebook, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 Many investors are probably familiar with the basic history of Facebook . The site started out as a &quot;hot or not&quot; game for Harvard students called Facemash, then evolved into a social network, and Yahoo tried to buy the start-up for about $1 ...Buy Facebook Inc  Stock as It Steals Snap Inc's  Thunder - Investorplace.comFacebook Inc  Unveils A Snapchat-type Feature For Its Users - Traders350"
p1
aS"Another Reason To Buy Facebook Inc  Stock Amigobulls - 23 hours ago Shares of Menlo Park, California-based Facebook Inc.  are on a roll in 2017, gaining more than 21% YTD after a lackluster 2016.Facebook Inc Dominates Display Ads, Revenue And Market Share To Surge In '17 - StockNews.com Facebook To Beat Google In Digital Display Ad Revenue In 2017 [REPORT] - Dazeinfo "
p2
aS'How to Trade Facebook Inc Stock After the Inevitable Selloff Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Turning to the sentiment backdrop for FB stock, there is plenty of room for adjustments that could spark such a short-term retreat.'
p3
aS'William Blair Bullish on Facebook Inc  Following Meetings with Industry ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 10, 2017 William Blair analyst Ralph Schackart is chiming in on Facebook Inc  following his meetings over the past month with an executive at a private company that purchases advertising on digital platforms, including on the social media giant, as ...'
p4
aS"Facebook Inc rolls out new 'Messenger Day' expiring-status feature to make the ... Financial Post - Mar 9, 2017 Facebook Inc says it wants to make its popular chat messaging platform Messenger even more social, so it has added another Snapchat-inspired feature to its line of products on Thursday.FB Stock: Facebook Inc To Gain At The Expense Of Other Social Media Platforms - AmigobullsFacebook Messenger's `Day' Becomes Third Clone of Snapchat Stories - Yahoo Finance"
p5
aS'Facebook Inc  Stock Heading To $200: Analyst ValueWalk - Mar 9, 2017 Facebook Inc  stock continues to hover around its all-time highs, and as a result, some investors might not be willing to buy shares now, preferring instead to wait for a possible pullback.'
p6
aS'Rosen Law Firm Reminds Facebook, Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 NEW YORK, March 13, 2017  -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, reminds purchasers of Facebook, Inc. securities  from May 5, 2014 through December 9, 2016, both dates inclusive  of the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Log Into Facebook Inc  Stock For Free Money Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 Facebook stock is in a multi-legged breakout that has it at all-time highs and up over 20% since January. I will still try to slice out an iron condor to sell for income.'
p8
aS"Apple, Google, Facebook skip legal challenge to new travel ban The Star Online - 6 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc, Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc are among more than 60 technology companies that appear to have backed away from the legal fight against US President Donald Trump's controversial travel ban, deciding not to put&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Facebook, Inc. , Citigroup Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 22 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Facebook, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 18.65 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 14.40 ...Facebook, Inc. ; Stocks Regain Analysts Interests - Street Wise Report "
p10
a.