(lp0
S"Family Dollar Stores to pay $307000 for environmental violations Sacramento Bee - Apr 23, 2016 Family Dollar Stores Inc. has been ordered by a San Joaquin County Superior Court judge to pay $307,000 in civil penalties, costs and supplemental environmental projects following an investigation into the firm's handling of hazardous waste.Family Dollar Stores settles hazardous waste allegations - Davis Enterprise"
p1
aS'Crooks use pickup truck to break into Family Dollar store KTRK-TV - Aug 29, 2016 A group of crooks used a stolen pickup truck as a battering ram to rob a Family Dollar store, surveillance video shows. KTRK.'
p2
aS'Discount Retail Stores: The Family Dollar Deal Makes Dollar Tree An Excellent ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 6, 2016 And, this is the case with Dollar Tree, Inc. , whose deal with Family Dollar  came at a very high cost.'
p3
aS'Man With Down Syndrome Sues Family Dollar After Being Forced to Leave Store The Mighty - Sep 19, 2016 On September 17, 2014, Garcia and a group of other developmentally disabled adults went to their local Family Dollar store with Lisa Pacheco, an employee of Jordan Residential &amp; Vocational Services, Inc., a care center for adults with developmental&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Dollar Tree's profit beats as Family Dollar purchase pays off Reuters - Nov 22, 2016 Dollar Tree Inc , the biggest U.S. dollar-store chain after its acquisition of Family Dollar in 2015, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, benefiting from improved economies of scale and a more efficient transport network."
p5
aS'Kansas City Family Dollar Store closed due to mice infestation KSHB - Nov 29, 2016 Marissa Ellise posted a picture she says she took at the Family Dollar store at 30th and Prospect in Kansas City on Sunday.'
p6
aS'A year after Family Dollar deal, Dollar Tree hurt by lower store traffic Charlotte Observer - Aug 25, 2016  stores are cleaner, the values are greater and our merchandise assortments are improving. Additionally, we are taking the necessary steps to develop our shared services support model, and are continuing our focus on cost savings, CEO ...Dollar-Store Chains Tumble After Food-Stamp Cuts Hurt Sales - BloombergDollar Tree, Inc. Reports Results for the Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Dollar Tree taps former Wal-Mart executive to run Family Dollar Virginian-Pilot - Jan 5, 2017 A man who once led merchandising for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will lead the chain of Family Dollar stores. Chesapeake-based Dollar Tree Inc. has hired Duncan Mac Naughton to be president and chief operating officer of Family Dollar. The chain of discount&nbsp;...Dollar Tree, Inc. Announces Management Changes - Business Wire '
p8
aS"Family Dollar Ducks PAGA Suit Over Lack Of Cashier Seating Law360  - Dec 5, 2016 Law360, Los Angeles  -- Family Dollar Inc. dodged an ex-employee's putative class action alleging it failed to give cashiers a place to sit down on the job when a California federal judge on Friday said the worker didn't ..."
p9
aS'Man threatens to shoot employee during Family Dollar store robbery, police say Local 10 - Nov 15, 2016 MIAMI - Miami police are searching for a man they said robbed a Family Dollar store this month at gunpoint. The robbery was reported about 9:30 p.m.8 men rob Family Dollar store in Crown Heights as worker tries to fight them off - WABC-TVNYPD: 8 Men Rob Brooklyn Store, Assault Employee With Shopping Baskets - CBS Local'
p10
a.