(lp0
S'National Beverage Is A Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 With LaCroix sales sizzling, National Beverage Corp  posted stunning numbers in its fiscal year 2017 third quarter.Earnings Double in Winter Quarter . . . National Beverage Corp. Shareholders Gain - Yahoo FinanceShares Of National Beverage Corp. Continue To Bubble Up, Plenty Of Runway Ahead - Benzinga'
p1
aS'National Beverage Corp.  Breaks into New 52-Week High on March 14 Session Equities.com - Mar 14, 2017 Shares of National Beverage Corp.  broke into a new 52-week high yesterday, hitting a peak of $73.84. Shares closed at $73.79 after opening at $72.71 for a move of 1.47%.'
p2
aS'Why National Beverage Corp. Bubbled Up Another 10% in April Motley Fool - May 16, 2016 What: During the month of April, stock in National Beverage Corp.  added another 10.4% to an uptrend that began in February, according to S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p3
aS'Philly Soda Tax Is A Win For National Beverage Corp. Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Over the past year, the city of Philadelphia has been in a heated battle with the American Beverage Association over the newly implemented &quot;soda tax.Philadelphia soda tax killing sales, layoffs loom - NorthJersey.com'
p4
aS'LaCroix Leads National Beverage Corp To Historic Quarter Benzinga - Aug 24, 2016 National Beverage Corp.  is up big after historic Q1 results. The company is capitalizing on a shift in American consumers tastes, opting for more healthy alternatives, especially when it comes to drinks.National Beverage Corp. Confirms Predicted Historic First Quarter - Business Wire '
p5
aS"National Beverage Corp Stock: How Sparkling Water Produced Eye-Popping Returns ... Motley Fool - Dec 8, 2016 If you want results that differ substantially from the market, you must be willing to do things, um, differently. National Beverage Corp  provides a great example of that maxim at work. The soda company's stock has trounced rivals with a ..."
p6
aS"National Beverage Corp. Stock Hit Hard By Fraud Accusations Motley Fool - Sep 28, 2016 Glaucus Research Group published a report on Wednesday which raised questions about National Beverage. Glaucus accused the company of manipulating its earnings, pointing out that National Beverage manages lower gross margin than its larger peers&nbsp;...National Beverage Shares Fall on Short Seller Report - Wall Street JournalNational Beverage Corp.  Responds to 'False Report' from Short Sellers - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS"National Beverage Corp. Fights Back Seeking Alpha - Nov 20, 2016 I'm not sure how legal or feasible this actually is, but it is representative of the unconventional thinking that is embodied by the National Beverage Corp. management team. Why now? While providing Caporella with some cash is an obvious motivation, I ..."
p8
aS'National Beverage Corp. Dominates In Q2 Seeking Alpha - Dec 1, 2016 Much to the surprise of many investors, myself included, National Beverage Corp.  posted outstanding FY17 Q2 results during the middle of trading on Wednesday.'
p9
aS'Why I Sold My Position In National Beverage Seeking Alpha - Jul 4, 2016 National Beverage saw its net income and free cash flow increase by double-digit percentages in the first nine months of the current financial year.'
p10
a.