(lp0
S'Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp  Stock On Roller-Coaster Ride Journal Transcript - Mar 1, 2017 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp  reported that in January 2017, the total mortgage portfolio grew at an annualized pace of 3.7%.'
p1
aS'Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - 10 hours ago Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 0 brokers have issued a&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"What If The Government Loosened Its Grip On Federal National Mortgage ... StockNewsUnion - Feb 23, 2017 Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae , also known as Fannie Mae, and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp , also known as Freddie Mac, have been under the control of the government since 2008 when&nbsp;...Steven Mnuchin May Now Be Fannie Mae And Freddie Mac Investors' Last Hope - BenzingaFederal court ruling on mortgage giants likely to slow revamp - Arkansas Online"
p3
aS'Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on ... BNB Daily  - Feb 15, 2017 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp logo Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp  is scheduled to release its earnings data before the market opens on Thursday, February 16th.'
p4
aS'Two Harbors Investment Corp.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - 12 hours ago ... collateralized by fixed rate mortgage loans, adjustable-rate mortgage  loans or hybrid mortgage loans, including mortgage pass-through certificates, collateralized mortgage obligations, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation gold ...Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $6037000 Position in Two Harbors Investment Corp  - BNB Daily '
p5
aS'Mortgage Rates Hold Firm Ahead Of Fed Meeting Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 Mortgage rates once again remained relatively stable after inching up last week. There were a couple of positive changes for prospective home buyers. Shorter term 5 year adjustable rate mortgages  and ARM refi loans both declined compared to a&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Notes to securitization  Business Mirror - Mar 14, 2017 Also, in 1970, the US Congress passed the Emergency Home Finance Act creating the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., nicknamed Freddie Mac, authorizing itand the Federal National Mortgage Association or Fannie Mae, as wellto buy and sell&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Man accuses Citimortgage of predatory lending practices West Virginia Record - 17 hours ago Padgett claims the loan contains several substantively unfair terms, including that the loan far exceeds the market value of the home, the defendants have a pattern of intentionally inflating the market value of homes to support predatory loans that ...'
p8
aS'Implications of FCA Legal Developments for the Financial Services Industry Lexology  - 17 hours ago The major mortgage industry FCA settlements of the past fiscal year all involved allegations that mortgage lenders had originated and then falsely endorsed residential mortgages as eligible for Federal Housing Administration  insurance, even ...'
p9
aS'Will The Fed Continue To Move The Market Higher With &quot;Covert&quot; QE? Benzinga - 18 hours ago First, in September of 2008, the government bailed out Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me   and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp   along with AIG. Did that prevent the crash? No. Next, in early&nbsp;...'
p10
a.