(lp0
S'BRIEF-Farmers National Banc Corp to acquire Monitor Bancorp Inc Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 BRIEF-Farmers National Banc Corp to acquire Monitor Bancorp Inc. March 13 Farmers National Banc Corp. * Farmers National Banc Corp to acquire Monitor Bancorp Inc. * Farmers National Banc Corp - transaction valued at approximately $7.8 million.'
p1
aS"Farmers National Banc Corp. to Acquire Monitor Bancorp, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Farmers National Banc Corp.  , the holding company for The Farmers National Bank of Canfield, and Monitor Bancorp, Inc. , the holding company for Monitor Bank, announced today they have entered into an&nbsp;...Farmers National Banc to buy Monitor Bancorp Inc. - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p2
aS'Farmers National Banc Corp. Declares and Increases Quarterly Cash Dividend 25% Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 On February 28, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Farmers National Banc Corp.  declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share, a 25% increase from the 2016 first quarter payment.Stock Returns: Farmers National Banc Corp.  is Beating Fidelity ... - CML NewsFarmers National Banc Corp.  Raises Dividend to $0.05 Per Share - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'Farmers National Banc Corp. Acquires Bowers Insurance Agency, Inc. Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 CANFIELD, Ohio----The Farmers National Bank of Canfield  has completed the acquisition of the Bowers Insurance Agency, Inc. .'
p4
aS'Farmers National Banc Corp /oh/  Files Form 4 Insider Buying : David Z ... Energy Index - Mar 8, 2017 Farmers National Banc Corp /oh/ : David Z Paull , director of Farmers National Banc Corp /oh/ purchased 18 shares on Mar 1, 2017.Stock Returns: Eastern Virginia Bankshares Inc  versus Farmers ... - CML NewsIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Farmers National Banc ... - The De Soto Edge'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Peapack ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  .Farmers National Banc Corp.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 on ... - Chaffey BreezeWhich Analysts Are Watching Farmers National Banc Corp. ? - Fiscal Standard'
p6
aS"Ohio's Farmers National Bank Acquires Bowers Insurance Insurance Journal - Jun 6, 2016 The Farmers National Bank of Canfield , based in Canfield, Ohio, has acquired the Bowers Insurance Agency Inc. ."
p7
aS'BUSINESS DIGEST || Youngstown Vindicator - 5 hours ago Upon consummation of the transaction, Monitor Bank will be merged with and into The Farmers National Bank of Canfield.'
p8
aS'Farmers National Insurance Partners With The Bowers Group In Strategic Merger Business Wire  - May 9, 2016 CANFIELD, Ohio----The Farmers National Bank of Canfield  has entered into a definitive agreement providing for the acquisition of the Bowers Insurance Agency, Inc. , and intended merger of the Bowers&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Merchants ... CML News - Feb 18, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Merchants Bancshares Inc  .'
p10
a.