(lp0
S'FNB completes Yadkin deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 13, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Monday said it successfully completed its merger with Yadkin Financial Corp. on Saturday. At $1.4 billion, the transaction was the largest to date for F.N.The FNB Corp  Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24FNB Corp. completes merger with Yadkin - Reading Eagle'
p1
aS"FNB adds to finance leadership team, hires two from larger banks Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 9, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Thursday announced two key appointments to its finance leadership team, both hailing from larger banks. Jim Dutey joined F.N.Analysts Issue Forecasts for FNB Corp's Q1 2017 Earnings  - Chaffey BreezeDA Davidson Begins Coverage on FNB Corp  - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Yadkin Bank purchased by FNB Corp Jefferson Post - Jul 25, 2016 RALEIGH-Yadkin Bank was purchased last week by Pittsburgh-based FNB Corp., in a deal worth some $1.4 billion, according to a press release issued jointly by both companies.'
p3
aS"Form 3 FNB CORP/PA/ For: Mar 13 Filed by: Custer Scott StreetInsider.com - Mar 14, 2017 Find out which companies are about to raise their dividend well before the news hits the Street with StreetInsider.com's Dividend Insider Elite."
p4
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, First Financial Bancorp ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/28/17, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd , First Financial Bancorp , and FNB Corp  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"FNB Corp. buying Yadkin Financial in $1.4B deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Jul 21, 2016 One of Pittsburgh's biggest banks, F.N.B. Corp., is acquiring Yadkin Financial Corp. for $1.4 billion and entering North Carolina.Exclusive: FNB Corp nears deal for Yadkin Financial - sources - ReutersPittsburgh bank buying Raleigh's Yadkin Bank for $1.4B - News & Observer"
p6
aS'Is FNB Corp.  a Great Stock for Value Investors? Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Though F.N.B. Corp. might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p7
aS"Yadkin Bank discloses new details about other suitors before FNB buy Charlotte Business Journal - Dec 1, 2016 New disclosures give additional insight into Yadkin Financial's other suitors - potential buyers it may have seriously considered prior to agreeing to the $1.4 billion buyout offer from Pittsburgh-based F.N.B. Corp. And the paperwork Yadkin's suitors ..."
p8
aS"FNB names leadership team for North and South Carolina markets Pittsburgh Business Times - Aug 25, 2016 F.N.B. Corp. on Thursday announced the leadership team for its new markets in the Carolinas, keeping much of the executive team of Yadkin Financial Corp.FNB names Yadkin Bank's Steven Jones to leadership role - News & Observer"
p9
aS'FNB and Yadkin shareholders approve deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Dec 9, 2016 F.N.B. Corp. forded more hurdles toward completing its biggest acquisition to date and said it expects the deal to close in early 2017.FNB Corp , Yadkin Financial  Shareholders Approve Merger - StreetInsider.com'
p10
a.