(lp0
S"Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Updates On January ... Journal Transcript - Mar 1, 2017 In January 2017, Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me 's Book of Business surged at a compound yearly rate of 2.3% in January."
p1
aS'Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Looks Strong Live Trading News - Dec 27, 2016 Federal National Mortgage Association  is a government-sponsored enterprise  chartered by the Congress. The Company supports liquidity and stability in the secondary mortgage market where mortgage related assets are purchased and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  To Delist From The ... Journal Transcript - Feb 9, 2017 Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  reported that its application to delist its Benchmark Bonds and Benchmark Notes from the Luxembourg Stock Exchange was allowed on February 2, 2017.'
p3
aS"Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Says Long-Term ... Journal Transcript - Dec 22, 2016 Sentiment measures have surged to multi-year highs moving into next year, but FY2017 is projected to offer another year of unexciting growth, according to the Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  ESR Group's Economic and&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Names George W ... Journal Transcript - Dec 1, 2016 Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  has elected George W. Haywood to the firm's Board. He has been selected in the Compensation Committee and the Strategic plans and Technology Committee."
p5
aS'What Will Happen To Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  In ... WallStreetPR - Jan 5, 2017 The Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  landed into crisis era with Freddie Mac or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation  and since then everything changed for the politicians and investors.'
p6
aS"Keep A Close Watch On Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  FinancialsTrend - Jan 19, 2017 Donald Trump's election victory was a bonus for Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me , fondly known as, Fannie Mae.Keep An Eye On Fannie And Freddie Tomorrow - Benzinga"
p7
aS'What If The Government Loosened Its Grip On Federal National Mortgage ... StockNewsUnion - Feb 23, 2017 Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae , also known as Fannie Mae, and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp , also known as Freddie Mac, have been under the control of the government since 2008 when&nbsp;...Where Will Fannie Mae Shares Find Support? - BenzingaThe Bull Case for Fannie Mae  and Freddie Mac  Stock Is Still Alive - Investorplace.com'
p8
aS'Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Warns Of Turbulent Times ... USMarketsDaily  - Feb 23, 2015 Mortgage finance giant,Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me , has given the clearest of indications that it expects its earnings to decline in the near future having experienced a turbulent run in the fourth quarter.'
p9
aS'Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Projects Modest Growth ... Journal Transcript - Nov 23, 2016 Noting on economic and housing viewpoint for November, Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  posted that the planned change in the U.S.'
p10
a.