(lp0
S'Fonar: Not Too Many Reasons To Be A Buyer Anymore Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2016 Fonar continues to do well with its medical diagnostic business, but its MRI business is basically non-existent. While its medical diagnostic business is the main reason the stock went to higher levels, I always envisioned higher MRI sales as well.'
p1
aS"Fonar Corporation: FONAR Announces Fiscal 2017 2nd Quarter and Six Months ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 9, 2017 'The good news,' said Raymond V. Damadian, M.D., Chairman of the Board of FONAR Corporation, 'is that patients love our UPRIGHT Multi-Position MRI scanner, which contributes to steady patient throughput!"
p2
aS"Fonar: At Last, Light At The End Of The Tunnel? Seeking Alpha - Oct 2, 2012 FONAR  is one of those stocks from my investment childhood. In fact, it's probably the first stock I ever speculated on, when I opened my first brokerage account many years ago ."
p3
aS'Stock Returns: LeMaitre Vascular Inc  is Beating Fonar ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fonar Corporation  versus LeMaitre Vascular Inc  .'
p4
aS"Will Fonar Corporation's  Balance Sheet Trouble It During A Downturn? Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 Fonar Corporation , with a market capitalization of USD $114 Million, is considered a small-cap company. Although such businesses are the ones which could grow the most, they are also highly prone to a downturn in the country's economy&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Fonar - Unknown And Undervalued Seeking Alpha  - Sep 10, 2014 Fonar Corporation  is engaged in the research, development, productions, and marketing of medical scanning equipment, which uses principles of Magnetic Resonance Imaging  for the detection of and diagnosis of human diseases.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Kewaunee Scientific Corporation  is Beating Fonar ... CML News - Feb 26, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fonar Corporation  versus Kewaunee Scientific Corporation  .'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Fonar Corporation  versus Oxford Immunotec Global ... CML News - Feb 18, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fonar Corporation  versus Oxford Immunotec Global PLC  .'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Cutera Inc  is Beating Fonar Corporation  CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Cutera Inc  versus Fonar Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Fonar Corporation  is Beating CAS Medical Systems ... CML News - Feb 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for CAS Medical Systems Inc  versus Fonar Corporation  .'
p10
a.