(lp0
S'Bandera Partners LLC Invests $1775000 in Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 3, 2017 Bandera Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.'
p1
aS'Why Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc. Stock Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group also appointed former Benihana chief Richard Stockinger as CEO. Stockinger succeeds Danny Meisenheimer, who temporarily took the helm when former CEO Tim Taft retired this past September.Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. Appoints Richard Stockinger CEO - Yahoo FinanceFiesta Restaurant Group Inc.  is Attracting Smart Money - Small Cap Exclusive '
p2
aS"Paul E. Twohig Acquires 5000 Shares of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  Stock Chaffey Breeze - 9 hours ago Fiesta Restaurant Group logo Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  Director Paul E. Twohig bought 5,000 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th.Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  Files Form 4 Insider Buying : Richard C ... - Energy Index"
p3
aS'Fiesta Restaurant Group Shares Jump on Report of Possible Sale Bloomberg - Oct 14, 2016 Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc., the owner of the Pollo Tropical and Taco Cabana chains, rose as much as 10 percent after the New York Post reported that the company has put itself up for sale.Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  Shares Boosted On Hopes of Sale - Scibility MediaWhy Salesforce.com, Fiesta Restaurant Group, and Terex Jumped Today - Motley Fool'
p4
aS'Insider Invests in Fiesta Restaurant Group Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc.  director Brian Friedman purchased 660,000 shares of the company between March 1 and March 3, according to an SEC filing.Recent Trading Updates: Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  - Is storiesRating Change on Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  - Energy Index'
p5
aS"Activist takes aim at Fiesta Restaurant Group Nation's Restaurant News - Jan 30, 2017 JCP Investment Management LLC nominated three people Monday to the board of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc., complaining about the decline in value at the owner of Pollo Tropical and Taco Cabana in recent years.Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. Confirms Receipt of Director Nominations Notice - Yahoo FinanceJCP Announces Dissident Slate for Election at Fiesta Restaurant Group's ... - PR Newswire "
p6
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc, 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p7
aS'Fiesta Restaurant Group Perks Up On Sale News Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group  has produced a very nice and stable rally from its bottom at $20 a few months ago. But the restaurant business is a tough one these days as declining traffic continues to take its toll on just about every player in ...Wells Fargo &amp; Company MN Cuts Stake in Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS"Alan Vituli Endorses JCP's Efforts to Reconstitute Board of Fiesta Restaurant ... PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2017 HOUSTON, Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- JCP Investment Management, LLC, together with its affiliates and the other participants in its solicitation , collectively one of the largest stockholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group ..."
p9
aS"Why Shares of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc. Slumped Today Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 What: Shares of restaurant operator Fiesta Restaurant Group  tumbled on Tuesday following the company's first-quarter earnings report. At noon, the stock was down about 17.5%. So what: Fiesta reported quarterly revenue of $176.7 million,&nbsp;...Fiesta Restaurant Group: Q1 Sell-Off Provides Gift Opportunity - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.