(lp0
S"Stock Returns: Republic First Bancorp Inc  versus First South ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Republic First Bancorp Inc  versus First South Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...Basic Consolidated EPS Of First South Bancorp Inc  At $0.4919 - Equities FocusTop Bullish Stock Inside Investors Spotlight: First South Bancorp, Inc.'s ... - WsNews 4investors"
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Civista Bancshares Inc  is Beating First South ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Civista Bancshares Inc  versus First South Bancorp Inc  .'
p2
aS'First South Bank Adds Nine Locations in North Carolina PR Newswire  - Dec 15, 2014 15, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- First South Bancorp, Inc.  , the parent holding company of First South Bank , announced today that the Bank has completed its acquisition of nine branch banking operations in eastern&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Tom Vann, CEO, First South Bancorp, Inc. Announces Retirement Plans PR Newswire  - Jan 17, 2012 17, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Tom Vann, President and CEO of First South Bancorp, Inc.  , the parent holding company of First South Bank , announced his intention to retire at the end of the third quarter of 2012.'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: First South Bancorp Inc  versus Pacific Mercantile ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First South Bancorp Inc  versus Pacific Mercantile Bancorp  .'
p5
aS'First South Bank Announces Branch Openings, Relocation and Restructuring PR Newswire  - Nov 18, 2015 18, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- First South Bank , the wholly owned subsidiary of First South Bancorp, Inc. , successfully completed the relocation of its office in the Biggs Park Center in Lumberton, North Carolina to a newly ...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: First Connecticut Bancorp Inc  versus First South ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Connecticut Bancorp Inc  versus First South Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: First South Bancorp Inc  Critical ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for First South Bancorp Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p8
aS'First South Leasing Opens New Leasing Production Office in Charlotte, North ... PR Newswire  - Feb 4, 2014 WASHINGTON, N.C., Feb. 4, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- First South Bank , is pleased to announce the opening of a new Leasing Production Office  by its wholly owned subsidiary, First&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'First South Bancorp Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Mar 2, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for First South Bancorp Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p10
a.