(lp0
S"Sinclair Broadcast rolls out TBD network targeting millennials Baltimore Sun - Mar 8, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has begun to roll out a first-of-its kind, over-the-air TV network showing digital programming that's designed to appeal to millennials."
p1
aS'Contact KOMO News KOMO News - Aug 31, 2015 KOMO is a WA based station and an ABC Television affiliate owned and operated by Sinclair Broadcast Group. Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. is one of the largest and most diversified television broadcasting companies in the country today. Sinclair owns ...'
p2
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group And Frontier Communications Reach Agreement PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2017 SEATTLE and PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group   announced today that it has reached an agreement with Frontier Communications  for the carriage of Tennis&nbsp;...Sinclair Broadcast, Frontier ending TV blackout with new carriage deal - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'New online lifestyle magazine to debut in Greater Washington Washington Business Journal - Mar 2, 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc.  is bringing an online lifestyle magazine to Greater Washington. D.C. Refined will ... Seattle Refined operates in partnership with KOMOnews.com, the digital platform for KOMO-TV, a Sinclair-owned ABC affiliate.'
p4
aS"Trump vs. Clinton isn't giving Sinclair Broadcast Group the ad bump it expected Baltimore Business Journal - Sep 20, 2016 The Hunt Valley-based television broadcaster expected to see a surge of political spending as Clinton and Trump continue to battle for the presidency."
p5
aS"Sinclair's David Smith to step down as CEO Washington Business Journal - Nov 2, 2016 Chris Ripley, the Hunt Valley-based broadcaster's CFO since 2014, will become CEO. Lucy Rutishauser, senior vice president of corporate finance and treasurer, will move into the CFO role."
p6
aS'Sinclair makes decision on WJLA headquarters Washington Business Journal - Aug 2, 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has decided to remain in Rosslyn, concluding a search that included the prospect of moving across the Potomac River to the District or Maryland.'
p7
aS'Sinclair Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2017 BALTIMORE, Feb. 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , the &quot;Company&quot; or &quot;Sinclair,&quot; today reported financial results for the three months and year ended December 31, 2016.GMT Capital Corp Raises Position in Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS"With KOMO out of Frontier's line-up, is it time to cut the cord? The Daily Herald - Jan 4, 2017 Mendoza confirmed Tuesday that Frontier's agreement with Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. has expired. Sinclair owns Seattle-based KOMO TV, the local ABC affiliate. FiOS occasionally changes its channel offerings. That's covered in our customer service&nbsp;...Why Frontier customers lost their KATU viewing privileges - Portland Business Journal"
p9
aS"Frontier Communications  Says It Continues Negotiations with Sinclair ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 22, 2016 Frontier Communications Corporation  continues to negotiate the renewal of its carriage agreement with Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , a programmer that provides content to approximately 3 percent of Frontier's video ..."
p10
a.