(lp0
S'Fulton Financial Announces Pricing of $125 Million Senior Notes Offering Business Wire  - Mar 14, 2017 LANCASTER, Pa.----Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced the pricing of its public offering of $125 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.60% Senior Notes due 2022 .'
p1
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Fulton Financial Corporation is a multi-bank financial holding company. The Company provides a range of banking and financial services to businesses and consumers through its banking subsidiaries: Fulton Bank, N.A.'
p2
aS'Fulton Financial Corp  Receives $18.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts BNB Daily  - Mar 15, 2017 Fulton Financial Corp logo Fulton Financial Corp  has been assigned a consensus recommendation of Hold from the six research firms that are currently covering the firm.Have a look at Price Move: Fulton Financial Corporation  - Is storiesThe Federated Investors Inc. PA Sells 18826 Shares of Fulton Financial Corp  - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Fulton Financial: Time To Fade Fulton? Seeking Alpha - Jan 23, 2017 One of the standouts to me over this results season so far is how regional banks with market caps of $13-$30bn are posting the same kind of growth as smaller peers, with $3bn market caps.'
p4
aS'William &quot;Smokey&quot; Glover joins Fulton Financial Corporation as Director of Fair ... Marketwired  - Oct 17, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation , announced today that William &quot;Smokey&quot; Glover, of Lancaster, PA, has been promoted to the position of Director of Fair and Responsible Banking.Fulton Financial names Glover director of fair and responsible banking - LancasterOnline'
p5
aS"Fulton Financial Corporation Creates Fulton Forward; Announces Fulton Bank ... Yahoo Finance - Sep 22, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced the creation of Fulton Forward, the Corporation's initiative to further promote the building of vibrant communities through programs, products, and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Dr. Scott A. Snyder Appointed to Fulton Financial Corporation Board of Directors Marketwired  - Jul 19, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Scott A. Snyder, Ph.D., of Berwyn, PA, has been elected to the board of directors of Fulton Financial Corporation , effective July 18, 2016. Since 2011, Dr. Snyder has served as the ...'
p7
aS'Fulton Financial CFO resigns Central Penn Business Journal - Dec 7, 2016 ... Corp. CFO Patrick Barrett is leaving for an executive position at another financial institution. ... Fulton COO and senior executive vice president Philmer Rohrbaugh is temporarily serving as CFO until the company appoints a new person for the ...'
p8
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation Names Weber as Director of Corporate Development Marketwired  - Oct 27, 2015 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced that Jason H. Weber, of Downingtown, PA, has been named director of corporate development.'
p9
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation Announces Changes Within Senior Management Team Marketwired  - May 3, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - E. Philip Wenger, chairman, president and CEO of Fulton Financial Corporation , today announced that Philmer H. Rohrbaugh has been named to the newly created position of senior&nbsp;...'
p10
a.