(lp0
S'Amec Agrees to Acquire Foster Wheeler for $3.2 Billion Bloomberg - Jan 13, 2014 Amec Plc, the second-biggest U.K. oil and gas engineer, agreed to buy U.S.-traded Foster Wheeler AG for $3.2 billion to expand foreign and fuel-product business.AMEC to expand pharma plant design biz with $3bn Foster Wheeler buy - OutSourcing-Pharma.com'
p1
aS'Energy engineering giants merge, will base Americas unit in Houston Houston Business Journal - Nov 13, 2014 London-based Amec PLC has completed its acquisition of Foster Wheeler AG to become Amec Foster Wheeler PLC, the new entity said Nov. 13.Amec Foster Wheeler - a new force in global engineering, project delivery ... - Canada NewsWire Foster Wheeler Intends to Voluntarily Delist from NASDAQ - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Foster Wheeler AG  Enters Definitive Merger Agreement with AMEC plc StreetInsider.com  - Feb 13, 2014 Foster Wheeler AG  entered into a definitive agreement with AMEC plc pursuant to which AMEC will make an offer to acquire all the issued and to be issued share capital of the Company.Foster Wheeler to Be Acquired by AMEC, Shares Up - Zacks.com'
p3
aS'Foster Wheeler Awarded Contract for Terrace Wall Business Wire  - Jun 24, 2014 ZUG, Switzerland----Foster Wheeler AG  announced today that a subsidiary of its Global Engineering and Construction Group has been awarded a contract by Glencore Oil Projects AG for the engineering and material&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Foster Wheeler Signs Agreement with Siemens Energy to Acquire Environmental ... Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2014 ZUG, Switzerland----Foster Wheeler AG  announced today that a subsidiary of its Global Power Group has signed an asset purchase agreement with Siemens Energy, Inc. to acquire the Siemens Environmental Systems and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Foster Wheeler Awarded Engineering, Procurement and Construction Contract by ... Business Wire  - Oct 14, 2014 ZUG, Switzerland----Foster Wheeler AG  announced today that a subsidiary of its Global Engineering and Construction Group has been awarded a contract by PEMEX REFINACIN for an ultra-low sulfur diesel &nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Foster Wheeler Awarded Contract by Petrobras for World-Scale Gas-to-Chemicals ... Business Wire  - Aug 23, 2012 ZUG, Switzerland----Foster Wheeler AG  announced today that a subsidiary of its Global Engineering and Construction Group has been awarded a contract by Petrleo Brasileiro S.A.'
p7
aS'Foster Wheeler-Led JV Awarded Feed Contract for Nafusah Onshore Oilfield ... Business Wire  - Jul 17, 2014 ZUG, Switzerland----Foster Wheeler AG  announced today that a subsidiary of its Global Engineering and Construction Group, in joint venture with Taknia Libya Engineering Company , has been awarded a front-end&nbsp;...Foster Wheeler-Led JV awarded contract for oilfield development in Libya - PennEnergy '
p8
aS'Foster Wheeler Awarded PMC Contract by KNPC for Multi-Billion Dollar Clean ... Business Wire  - Dec 19, 2012 ZUG, Switzerland----Foster Wheeler AG  announced today that its Global Engineering and Construction Group has been awarded a project management and consultancy  services contract by Kuwait National&nbsp;...Foster Wheeler awarded Clean Fuels project at Kuwait refineries - PennEnergy '
p9
aS"Foster Wheeler Faces Class Action Over $3.3B AMEC Sale Law360  - Mar 13, 2014 Law360, New York  -- A shareholder on Thursday slapped Foster Wheeler AG with a putative class action in New Jersey over the Swiss engineering company's acquisition by U.K.Foster Wheeler to Acquire MDM Engineering Group Limited - Business Wire Foster Wheeler awarded refinery contracts by S-OIL in South Korea - PennEnergy "
p10
a.