(lp0
S"Galectin Therapeutics and Aratana Therapeutics Look Forward to the 4th Quarter ... Yahoo Finance - 21 hours ago A positive result from a small scale study on Galectin Therapeutics GR-MD-02 drug caused a 3.3 percent increase in the company's stock price, up 6 cents to $1.87 a share. The GR-MD-02 drug is designed to target the galectin-3 protein which plays a ..."
p1
aS'Tobira 2.0  Could Galectin Therapeutics Inc  Be the Next Tobira? Street Register - Mar 14, 2017 There is a race to be first to market with a viable treatment and Galectin Therapeutics Inc  with its galectin inhibitors is a prime candidate.GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market ExclusiveGalectin Therapeutics  Says GR-MD-02 Demonstrates Clinically Significant ... - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'Galectin Therapeutics to Present at BIO CEO &amp; Investor Conference GlobeNewswire  - Feb 8, 2017 NORCROSS, Ga., Feb. 08, 2017  -- Galectin Therapeutics Inc. , the leading developer of therapeutics that target galectin proteins, today announced that Harold Shlevin, Ph.Galectin Therapeutics Inc  Stock Technicals at Critical ... - CML News'
p3
aS'Galectin Therapeutics Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - 9 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Galectin Therapeutics Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p4
aS'Galectin Therapeutics Inc.  Sufficiently Positioned to Advance the NASH ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 6, 2017 FBR Capital analyst Vernon Bernadino maintains his Market Perform rating and $2 PT on Galectin Therapeutics  as the biotech company makes progress with its leading drug candidate GR-MD-o2 for the treatment of NASH (non-alcoholic&nbsp;...Galectin Therapeutics Inc.  Rating Reiterated by FBR &amp; Co - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Galectin Therapeutics Inc  Is An Alternative Catalyst Play Insider Financial - Feb 16, 2017 Galectin Therapeutics Inc  is drawing some considerable volume at the moment, and the company is up more than 45% this week alone as a result.Trading Covered Calls: Galectin Therapeutics Inc  : A Clever ... - CML NewsGalectin Therapeutics Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p6
aS'Galectin Therapeutics to Present at 29th Annual ROTH Conference Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 NORCROSS, Ga., March 09, 2017  -- Galectin Therapeutics Inc. , the leading developer of therapeutics that target galectin proteins, today announced that Harold Shlevin, Ph.Galectin Therapeutics Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto EdgeGalectin Therapeutics Inc Price Volatility Hits An Extreme High - CML News'
p7
aS"Why Galectin Therapeutics Just Lost Nearly Half Its Market Cap Benzinga - Sep 28, 2016 Shares of Galectin Therapeutics Inc , a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that creates therapies for fibrotic disease and cancer, tumbled nearly 50 percent on Wednesday after the company said that a Phase 2a study called NASH-FX&nbsp;...Galectin Therapeutics Announces Top-Line Data from Exploratory Phase 2a Pilot ... - GlobeNewswire Stock Update : Here's Why Galectin Therapeutics Inc Shares Are ... - Smarter Analyst"
p8
aS'Galectin Therapeutics Announces $4 Million in New Equity Financings GlobeNewswire  - Dec 29, 2016 NORCROSS, Ga., Dec. 29, 2016  -- Galectin Therapeutics Inc. , the leading developer of therapeutics that target galectin proteins, today announced it has recently completed a private placement of its common stock,&nbsp;...GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market Exclusive'
p9
aS'Research Reports Coverage on Generic Drugs Stocks -- Galectin Therapeutics ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 Today, Stock-Callers.com unveils four Generic Drugs stocks for assessment: Galectin Therapeutics Inc. , Catalyst Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Innocoll Holdings PLC , and Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc.'
p10
a.