(lp0
S"Southern Co.'s Synthetic Gas Plant Suffering With Lower For Longer NatGas Prices Natural Gas Intelligence - Feb 23, 2017 Continuously low prices for natural gas will have a major effect on Southern Company's operations, particularly itsclean coal synthetic gas generation project in Kemper County, MS, CEO Tom Fanning said during an earnings conference call on Wednesday.Kemper County Power Plant Is a New Headache for Southern Company - Market RealistSouthern Co: Kemper coal economics take a hit from low gas prices - Utility Dive"
p1
aS'Why Southern Company and Bloom Energy Are Combining Fuel Cells and Batteries Fortune - Oct 25, 2016 Southern Company and its subsidiary PowerSecure announced on Tuesday morning that they are buying 50 megawatts of fuel cells from Sunnyvale, Calif.-based Bloom Energy. Fuel cells are devices that generate energy through a chemical reaction&nbsp;...Bloom Energy and PowerSecure Team Up for 50MW of Fuel Cellsand Some Batteries - Greentech MediaHome Depot cut 4800 cars worth of emissions with Bloom Energy tech - CNBC'
p2
aS"Southern Company Says Its Delayed Kemper Power Plant Not Viable as Coal Plant DeSmog  - Feb 27, 2017 The documents also reveal that while possible gas price volatility was cited, Southern Company's proposal relied almost entirely on the plant's promise as a test case for cutting CO2 emissions from burning coal - especially lignite coal, a dirty, low ..."
p3
aS'Southern Company reports fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 earnings Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 &quot;2016 was a year of tremendous accomplishment for Southern Company,&quot; said Chairman, President and CEO Thomas A. Fanning.'
p4
aS"Why Southern Co stock is rising FX Daily Report - Feb 22, 2017 On the other hand, the company had reported the adjusted revenue growth of $5.18 billion in the fourth quarter 2016, beating the analysts' estimates for revenue of $4.42 billion due to a $1.11 billion contribution from Southern Company Gas. As a result ..."
p5
aS"The Dark Side And Bright Side Of Southern Company Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Natural gas price assumption used by Southern Company to evaluate the viability of Kemper IGCC project is slightly optimistic.Moody's downgrades Mississippi Power, assigns Ba1 CFR, outlook negative - Moodys.com  "
p6
aS"A Closer Look at Southern Company's Kemper Power Plant Market Realist - Mar 6, 2017 After frequent delays and cost increases in construction, Southern Company's Kemper County plant's economics have stolen the focus this time."
p7
aS"Southern Co. profit hurt by higher costs MarketWatch - Feb 22, 2017 Chief Executive Thomas Fanning pointed to the acquisitions of Southern Company Gas, PowerSecure and a 50% stake in Southern Natural Gas as having &quot;served to lengthen and strengthen&quot; the business.Southern Co.'s New 'Clean Coal' Plant May Not Be Cost-Efficient - Wall Street Journal Southern Company earnings slide thanks to Kemper Project woes - Watchdog.org"
p8
aS"Southern Company named to Fortune's most admired list PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 ATLANTA, Feb. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- For the eighth consecutive year Southern Company has been named to Fortune's &quot;World's Most Admired Companies&quot; list - this year ranking among the top-six electric and gas utilities worldwide. The magazine&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Southern Company  Q4 Earnings Miss Estimate, Sales Beat Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 About Southern Company: Through its eleven electric and natural gas distribution units in nine states, Southern Company serves approximately nine million customers. It boasts of a generating capacity of 44,000 megawatts, around 200,000 miles of ...Should You Sell Southern Company  Before Earnings? - NasdaqSouthern Company  Q4 Earnings Disappoint, Revenues Beat - Zacks.com'
p10
a.