(lp0
S"Why Greenbrier Companies Inc Stock Jumped 18% on Friday Motley Fool - Jan 6, 2017 That's curious, because relatively speaking, Greenbrier actually did not do particularly well last quarter. The company's $0.79 in reported earnings was less than half what Greenbrier earned in the year-ago quarter, and fell $0.04 short of analysts ...The Greenbrier Companies'  CEO Bill Furman on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaGreenbrier Reports First Quarter Results - PR Newswire "
p1
aS'Public Sector Pension Investment Board Continues to Hold Stake in Greenbrier ... BNB Daily  - 21 hours ago Greenbrier Companies logo Public Sector Pension Investment Board maintained its position in Greenbrier Companies Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.Greenbrier Revisited: Still A Strong Buy - Seeking AlphaThe Short Interest in Greenbrier Companies Inc  Decreases By 2.0% - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"Checking In On Greenbrier Companies Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2017 The shares of Greenbrier have risen nicely since I wrote positively about the stock last Spring. In this article, I look in on the company. Although there is much to like here, my circumstances are such that I must pare my position. I'm not abandoning ..."
p3
aS"Why Greenbrier Companies Inc.'s Shares Jumped 13% Last Month Motley Fool - Aug 10, 2016 What: Shares of railcar company Greenbrier Companies Inc.  surged 12.7% higher in July after announcing better-than-expected earnings."
p4
aS'The Key To The Greenbrier Companies Seeking Alpha - Jul 6, 2016 When I recently covered The Greenbrier Companies  I cited it as a terrible 2015 call that could turn out to be a magnificent 2016 play.Greenbrier Companies Q3 Results Exceed Expectations - BenzingaGreenbrier Keeps Chugging but Sees Tough Times Down the Track - Motley Fool'
p5
aS"Greenbrier - Great Supplier To The Railroads Seeking Alpha - Jan 5, 2017 ... railroads - Canadian National  and Canadian Pacific , and I wanted to follow up that piece with a review of one of the railroad's key suppliers: rail car manufacturer, lessor, and repair company Greenbrier Companies, Inc. ."
p6
aS'The Greenbrier Companies Announces Formation of Regulatory Services Group PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Greenbrier Companies, Inc.  announced today that its subsidiary, Greenbrier Management Services LLC  has expanded its industry-leading railcar asset management business with the launch of a new&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Common Share Dividend Yield of Greenbrier Companies, Inc.   Energy Index - 18 hours ago Greenbrier Companies  has a dividend payout ratio calculated based on  is 0.19 and the average fiscal quarterly payout ratio for last five years is 0.07.'
p8
aS"Consider Greenbrier Seeking Alpha - May 12, 2016 Greenbrier has a history of generating relatively stable net income and has reduced its debt over time. It's also expected to benefit from the growth of global rail traffic."
p9
aS'Greenbrier: A Better Buying Opportunity May Soon Emerge Seeking Alpha - Jul 7, 2016 The Greenbrier Companies  provides three primary operating segments including railcar manufacturing and wheels and parts and leasing services.'
p10
a.