(lp0
S'Gaming Company Everi Holdings Inc.  Hits 52-week Highs On Earnings ... StockNewsUnion - 14 hours ago Everi Holdings Inc.  supplies casinos with video and reel gaming content and technology, payment solutions, and compliance and efficiency software.Everi Holdings Inc  Upgraded to Outperform by Telsey Advisory Group - BNB Daily '
p1
aS'BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Rubicon Project, NeoPhotonics, Everi Holdings Nasdaq - 21 hours ago EVERI HOLDINGS INC &lt;EVRI.N&gt;, Tuesday close $3.24, +7.72 pct premarket Brokerage Telsey Advisory Group upgraded the provider of cash services to casinos to &quot;outperform&quot; from &quot;market perform&quot;.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Catalyst Pharma, MSCI, Rubicon Project - Times of India'
p2
aS"Latest Price movements of Stock: Everi Holdings Inc.  Is stories - 2 hours ago Everi Holdings Inc.'s  witnessed a gain of 18.52% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 3.84. The company's last traded volume of 3.7 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 0.32 million shares.Everi Holdings Inc.   Top Stock from Services Sector - The Daily LeicesterBroker Outlook For The Week Ahead Everi Holdings Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p3
aS"Everi Holdings: Too Much Risk, Not Enough Execution Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 I liked the story at Everi Holdings  last year, buying shares above $3 in November. I'd liked it even earlier: the late 2014 tie-up of Global Cash Access, a payments provider to the casino floor, and fast-growing slot machine manufacturer ..."
p4
aS'Do Analysts See Any Promise for These Stocks: Everi Holdings Inc. (NYSE:EVRI ... Rives Journal - 18 hours ago Sell-side analysts are offering a consensus Buy rating on shares of Everi Holdings Inc. . Using the following ratings scale: 1.0 Strong Buy, 2.0 Buy, 3.0 Hold, 4.0 Sell and 5.0 Strong Sell, analysts have an average recommendation of 2.30.'
p5
aS'Everi Holdings will replace Global Cash Access this month Las Vegas Review-Journal - Aug 13, 2015 Las Vegas-based Global Cash Access announced its new name Thursday, saying the company will be known as Everi Holdings Inc.Global Cash Access Re-Branding to Everi - GlobeNewswire Company that acquired Austin video slot machine maker set to change its name - Austin Business Journal'
p6
aS"News Everi Holdings Inc.EVRI Wall Street Journal - Aug 25, 2015 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p7
aS'Everi Holdings Inc  to Release Earnings on Tuesday Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Everi Holdings logo Everi Holdings Inc  will post its quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Tuesday, March 14th.Earnings Reaction History: Everi Holdings Inc.  Post Earnings Price ... - Post Analyst'
p8
aS'Everi Holdings Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Everi Holdings Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p9
aS"Everi Holdings Inc. 's 2Q Highlights Core HDX Success Scibility Media - Aug 11, 2016 The management of Everi Holdings Inc.  took the opportunity at the company's earnings call to shed some light on how they see the future unfolding."
p10
a.