(lp0
S"The Tide Could Be Turning For General Electric Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 General Electric  has been a drag on many a portfolio for the past one...two...ten years. The company's CEO has overstayed his due and his departure may point to a brighter future for GE. GE's divestiture of assets over the past few years has ...General Electric Co  Closes 0.74% Up on the Day for March 15 - Equities.comWhy to Keeping Eye on General Electric Company , Snap Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS"General Electric: Immelt's Blunders Spark Talk Of Breakup Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 General Electric's  extremely poor performance was spotlighted recently when Jeff Immelt's pay was cut by 35%.General Electric: What If It's Not Immelt? - Barron's "
p2
aS"China Selects General Electric  to Supply Gas Turbine for 650-MW Plant Market Exclusive - 21 hours ago On Tuesday, General Electric said that it will provide the 9HA gas turbine to China's Harbin Electric Corporation for the Huadian Tianjin Junliangcheng VI project. Delivery of the gas turbine, which will be the first HA to be installed in China, is ..."
p3
aS"General Electric Company's  CEO Richard Laxer Presents at JP Morgan ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Great, welcome everybody to our section of the J.P. Morgan Industrials and Transportation Conference. We are going to kick it off here with CEO of GE Capital, Rich Laxer. Before we do that, as far as tomorrow is concerned, we will be - there are a ..."
p4
aS'3 Terrible Reasons to Sell General Electric Company Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Even the best blue-chip stocks have drawbacks. Yes, even General Electric , a company that has served as the bedrock of the American economy and stock market for over a century.General Electric: The Path Of Least Resistance Is Downward - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS"Shares of General Electric rise on report that Immelt could be 'pushed into ... CNBC - Mar 10, 2017 An uptick in stock price comes as a report was issued Thursday by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a left-leaning research group in Washington, claiming that 100 corporations, including GE, paid no taxes in at least one year between 2008 ...General Electric CEO Immelt in the Hot Seat With Trian's Peltz - Fox Business"
p6
aS"General Electric Company  Stock Needs Immelt to Step Down Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 Whether you liked his management style or not, Jack Welch directed General Electric Company  well and delivered fantastic returns to GE stock holders. And when the torch was passed to his successor, Jeffery Immelt, he set a very high bar.General Electric's strong dividend growth - Seeking AlphaCompany Update : General Electric Company Power Signs Multiyear ... - Smarter Analyst"
p7
aS"General Electric: Downside Risks Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 In December, we noted Thomson Reuters' Starmine unit had given GE its worst rating, &quot;very bearish.&quot; Since then, the stock has lagged the S&amp;P 500 by more than 10%."
p8
aS"General Electric: Don't Believe The Hype Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 General Electric  has its share of detractors, of this there is no doubt. Nevertheless, a recent article in Barron's highlighting Bernstein's Steven Winoker's issue with the company takes the cake.Checking the Overall Picture for General Electric Company  - StockNewsJournalClarius Group LLC Sells 29268 Shares of General Electric Company  - Chaffey Breeze"
p9
aS"General Electric Company's Immelt Writes to Investors: The Key Takeaways Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 General Electric Company  CEO Jeff Immelt's annual letter to shareholders outlines what investors should expect from the company in the coming years."
p10
a.