(lp0
S"Option Market: Geospace Technologies Corporation Risk Hits An Inflection Point CML News - 18 hours ago We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Geospace Technologies&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Geospace Technologies'  CEO Walter Wheeler on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 Welcome to the Geospace Technologies First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Hosting the call today from Geospace is Mr. Rick Wheeler, President and Chief Executive Officer.Geospace Technologies Reports Fiscal Year 2017 First Quarter Results - Business Wire "
p2
aS'Is Geospace Technologies Corp Destined for Greatness? Motley Fool - Jul 9, 2014 Investors love stocks that consistently beat the Street without getting ahead of their fundamentals and risking a meltdown. The best stocks offer sustainable market-beating gains, with robust and improving financial metrics that support strong price ...'
p3
aS"Geospace Technologies'  CEO Rick Wheeler on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 17, 2016 Welcome to the Geospace Technologies Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Hosting the call today from Geospace is Mr. Rick Wheeler, President and Chief Executive Officer."
p4
aS"Why Geospace Technologies Corp  Is Plummeting TheStreet.com - Mar 21, 2014 NEW YORK  -- Geospace Technologies Corp  plunged over Friday's session after notifying the SEC an order it expected to deliver in its third quarter had been postponed."
p5
aS'Lemelson Capital Management Announces 2% Stake in Geospace Technologies ... PR Newswire  - Oct 20, 2014 MARLBOROUGH, Mass., Oct. 20, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Lemelson Capital Management, a private investment management firm, today announced that it has taken a significant position in shares of Geospace Technologies . Lemelson&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Equity Check-in on This Stock: Geospace Technologies Corporation  SKV News - 12 hours ago Investors may be checking on some financial ratios for Geospace Technologies Corporation . Currently, the company has a Gross Margin  ratio of -0.066724.Geospace Technologies Corporation  Buckles Under The Trend Lines - Midway MonitorBroker Outlook For The Week Ahead Geospace Technologies Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p7
aS"BRIEF-Geospace technologies Q1 revenue $15.3 million Reuters - Mar 26, 2013 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"5 Things Geospace Technologies' Management Wants You to Know Motley Fool - Aug 31, 2015 With so much of Geospace's prospects and the overall offshore market up in the air, the company's management took some time during its recent conference call to explain to investors and analysts what it's seeing today."
p9
aS'Geospace Technologies - A Real Value Investment In A Difficult Market Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2016 Geospace Technologies  is the undisputed leading provider of designing and manufacturing equipment used in the oil and gas industry to acquire seismic data in order to locate, characterize and monitor hydrocarbon producing reservoirs.'
p10
a.