(lp0
S"Gilead Sciences, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 14, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 Gilead Sciences, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 14, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.52 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 30, 2017.3 M&amp;A Scenarios For Gilead Sciences - Seeking Alpha3 Reasons Why Gilead Sciences Will Buy Incyte -- and 1 Reason Why It Won't - Motley Fool"
p1
aS'Insider Cuts Losses on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc , Gilead Sciences ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 14, 2017 Canaccord and Goldman Sachs are cautiously reigning in price targets on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  and Gilead Sciences, Inc. . Whereas one analyst spots a red flag ahead as investors scatter in the fray of Pershing&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Gilead Sciences, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Several of its most promising pipeline prospects are still years away from commercialization. All of these statements are true for Gilead Sciences . But is the big biotech destined for perpetual malaise? Not hardly. Here's why the best is ...Gilead Sciences: Just Any Deal Won't Do - Barron's Barclays Analyst Pens Open Letter To Gilead Board And Management - Benzinga"
p3
aS"Gilead: Despite The Incyte Rumors There Is Still Downside Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 The company has also been rumored to be making a bid for Incyte . I own the stock in my Portfolio of 12 and the stock hasn't performed to my expectations.Gilead Looking To Buy Incyte? It Makes Sense - BenzingaGilead Sciences: Is an Incyte Deal 'Reasonable'? - Barron's "
p4
aS"World's Smartest Billionaire Jim Simons Boosts Positions in Advanced Micro ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 14, 2017 According to recently-released 13F forms filed with the SEC, we can see that in Q4 the fund upped its Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Gilead Sciences, Inc.  positions but cut back its exposure to NVIDIA Corporation&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Better Buy: Biogen Inc. vs. Gilead Sciences Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 27, 2017 Biogen  and Gilead Sciences  don't compete against each other -- at least not yet. Both biotechs are interested in the oncology and autoimmune disease therapeutic areas, so there's always a chance they could become rivals.Gilead Sciences Is Heading To $57 - Seeking AlphaGilead Sciences to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference on ... - Yahoo Finance"
p6
aS'Why I Just Bought More Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 So you might be wondering why I was so quick to scoop up more shares of Gilead Sciences  stock after its latest earnings report.Gilead: An Inflection Point? - Seeking Alpha'
p7
aS"Gilead Sciences Heading South? Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Gilead Sciences is still a great company with a war chest of capital waiting to be deployed, unlocking future growth.Checking the Overall Picture for Gilead Sciences Inc.  - StockNewsJournalGilead Sciences: M&amp;A to the Rescue? - Barron's "
p8
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Gilead Sciences, T Rowe Price Group and Redwood Trust Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/14/17, Gilead Sciences, Inc. , T Rowe Price Group Inc. , and Redwood Trust Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Gilead Sciences Inc: UBS downgrades to &quot;neutral&quot;, cuts PT Times of India - Mar 9, 2017 Last month, GILD forecast bleak sales for its hep C drugs this year, underscoring the need for the company to strengthen its pipeline through acquisitions.'
p10
a.