(lp0
S'General Mills: What To Expect From Earnings Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 General Mills is due to report its third quarter earnings on the 21st of March. Since the company does not give quarterly guidance, investors have to figure this out themselves.Earnings Clues on Cheniere Energy, Inc. , General Mills, Inc. (GIS ... - StockNewsJournalGeneral Mills, Inc.  Shares Sold by Azimuth Capital Management LLC - BNB Daily '
p1
aS"Lookout for Price Target? General Mills, Inc. , Cardinal Health, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of General Mills, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 10.11 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 12 ...The General Mills, Inc.  Announces $0.48 Quarterly Dividend - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'General Mills to Commercialize Eco-Friendly Grain  Investopedia - Mar 8, 2017 General Mills Inc.  continues its evolution to meet the changing demands of a more health-conscious and environmentally focused consumer cohort.General Mills boosts eco-friendly grain Kernza - Yahoo FinanceGeneral Mills invests in sweet, nutty drought-resistant grain - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal'
p3
aS'General Mills buys stake in Denver protein bar maker Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Feb 28, 2017 General Mills Inc. has invested in a non-dairy, vegan-based performance food upstart for an undisclosed amount. On Tuesday, Chicago-based 2x Consumer Products Growth Partners and Minneapolis-based 301 Inc., the investment partner and venture unit&nbsp;...Sycamore High grad scores venture capital deal with cereal maker General Mills - WCPOFood giant General Mills buys stake in Denver protein bar maker - Denver Business Journal'
p4
aS"General Mills' VC Arm Banks on Protein Bar Startup Investopedia - Mar 1, 2017 Minneapolis-based consumer products leader General Mills Inc.  continues to pour money into innovative food businesses with its newly announced investment in a startup run by a 20-year-old Cincinnati native.General Mills' 301 Inc. invests in D's Naturals - just-food.com Don't have a cow: General Mills' new VC investment is dairy-free bars - Food Dive"
p5
aS'Dividend Stock Food Fight: General Mills Or Kellogg? Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 General Mills  and Kellogg Company  dominate the breakfast aisle and have done so for decades. Along the way, they have amassed huge product portfolios and sell their products around the world.General Mills  Invests in Denver Protein Bar Maker - Yahoo FinanceWhat Analysts are Predicting For Phillips 66 , General Mills, Inc. ? - The USA Commerce'
p6
aS'General Mills: The Dividend Is Delicious Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 General Mills  is a decent company that has suffered some missteps in the yogurt space. At the moment it is trading at a reasonable discount to the overall market as a result of this and other factors, and I think the current valuation ...General Mills Lowers Sales, Profit Forecast - Wall Street Journal '
p7
aS'General Mills Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 21 Equities.com - Feb 21, 2017 General Mills Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 21, as the stock gained 3.02% to close at $61.02. On the day, General Mills Inc. saw 7.48 million shares trade hands on 48,949 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily ...How Does General Mills, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournalFfcm LLC Acquires New Stake in General Mills, Inc.  - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS"General Mills Lowers Sales Outlook, Shares Fall Investopedia - Feb 17, 2017 Shares of Minneapolis-based consumer foods manufacturer and marketer General Mills Inc.  are down about 3% in trading Friday afternoon in light of new updates to the firm's financial targets for fiscal 2017, ending in May."
p9
aS'General Mills updates FY17 guidance Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 The company expects to deliver an adjusted operating profit margin of at least 18% in FY17, up at least 120 bps Y/Y. Organic net sales are now expected to fall about 4% vs.'
p10
a.