(lp0
S"Glu Mobile Inc.  File 8-K : Change Of Directors Of Certain Officers FinancialsTrend - 22 hours ago A member of the board of directors, William J. Miller of Glu Mobile Inc. announced that he is resigning from board membership with immediate effect.Analyst's Proposition on Glu Mobile Inc. , US Silica Holdings, Inc.  - The USA CommerceTraders Secrets on Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Glu Mobile Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS'Glu Mobile Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017  On March 8, 2017, William J. Miller, a member of the Board of Directors  of Glu Mobile Inc. , informed the Company that he was resigning from the Board, effective immediately.'
p2
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Glu Mobile Inc  CML News - Mar 13, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Glu Mobile Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p3
aS"Investors Traded Stock: Glu Mobile Inc.  Is stories - 1 hour ago Glu Mobile Inc.'s  witnessed a gain of 2.96% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 2.09. The company's last traded volume of 5.52 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 3.69 million shares."
p4
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: FireEye, Inc. , Glu Mobile Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Glu Mobile Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -29.77, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Analyst's Indicator Review for Glu Mobile Inc. , Community Health ... - The USA CommerceGlu Mobile Inc.  Stock Will Show Resistance At $1.94 - USA Commerce Daily"
p5
aS'Glu Mobile Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Glu Mobile Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p6
aS'Glu Mobile Inc  Jumps 7.98% For the Week Business Review - 19 hours ago Pushing higher over the last five sessions are shares of Glu Mobile Inc . The stock has risen 7.98% over that span, yielding profits for savvy traders.'
p7
aS'Earnings Analysis &amp; Update for Glu Mobile Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company.'
p8
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: Glu Mobile Inc  CML News - 18 hours ago As we look at Glu Mobile Inc we note that a short put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the short put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding earnings.'
p9
aS"Stocks Roundup: Glu Mobile, Inc. , Companhia Energetica de Minas Gerais ... TRA - 17 hours ago Glu Mobile, Inc.  ended its previous trading session at $2.03 with the Loss of -3.33%. The company's market cap is $264.2 Million, and the average volume is $3.65 Million."
p10
a.