(lp0
S'General Motors Is Undervalued Yahoo Finance - 13 hours ago It was almost a flat year for General Motors Co.  in 2016 as the stock was up nearly 3%. The stock is off to a decent start heading into 2017.Large Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in General Motors Company  - Highland MirrorThe General Motors Company  Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'General Motors CEO Mary Barra leaving General Dynamics board Washington Business Journal - 19 hours ago General Motors Co.  CEO Mary Barra will not be standing for re-election to the board of Falls Church-based General Dynamics Corp.'
p2
aS'Earnings Clues on Target Corporation , General Motors Company (GM ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago General Motors Company , at its latest closing price of $36.96, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.26, compared to an industry average at 2.60.'
p3
aS"Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Ford Motor Company and General ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Last Friday, the company declared a dividend of 38 cents per share with an ex-dividend date of March 8th to be paid on March 24th.Just the Facts on General Motors Co.  - StockNewsJournalHere's How General Motors' Exit From Europe Can Benefit Its Shareholders - Forbes"
p4
aS'General Motors turns its back on long history in Europe Financial Times - Mar 6, 2017 General Motors is turning its back on its long history in Europe to return cash to shareholders, improve profitability, invest more in China and prepare for a future in which car companies transform themselves into mobility providers, General Motors ...1 Chart That Shows Why General Motors Is a Growth Stock - Motley Fool'
p5
aS'Auto Dividend Stock Showdown: General Motors Vs. Ford Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 While Ford made it through the recession, GM ended up declaring bankruptcy, and was eventually rescued by the U.S. government.Did General Motors Company  Discount Too Deeply? - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Market Perform on General ... - Market Exclusive'
p6
aS"Peugeot Reaches Deal to Buy European Brands From General Motors Bloomberg - Mar 4, 2017 PSA Group and General Motors Co. are set to announce on Monday the purchase of the Opel brand by the French company, creating the region's second-largest automaker and allowing GM to exit the European market, according to people familiar with the&nbsp;...General Motors Sells Opel, Vauxhall to PSA for $2.3 Billion  - InvestopediaPeugeot buys Vauxhall and Opel from General Motors for 1.9bn: But what ... - Telegraph.co.uk"
p7
aS'General Motors lays off 1100 workers at a Michigan factory despite Trump ... Daily Mail - Mar 6, 2017 Employee Debbie Holbrook, center right, works on a Cadillac CTS on the production line at the General Motors Co.  Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan, U.S in October 2015.GM will lay off 1100 in Michigan after domestic production shift - CNBCGM Layoffs: General Motors Company  to Cut 1100 Jobs in Michigan - Investorplace.com'
p8
aS"General Motors Recognized for $1 Million Contribution to the American Red ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 General Motors Co.  and its partners produce vehicles in 30 countries, and the company has leadership positions in the world's largest and fastest-growing automotive markets."
p9
aS'General Motors will rehire 500 Michigan workers slated for layoffs Economic Times - 19 hours ago GM said last week it planned to lay off 1,100 workers in May at its Lansing Delta Township assembly plant in Michigan. The company is moving production of the GMC Acadia mid-size SUV to Spring Hill, Tennessee, from the factory, which will build just ...GM to add 220 Michigan jobs, retain 680 - The Detroit NewsGM will rehire 500 Michigan workers slated for layoffs - Yahoo Finance'
p10
a.