(lp0
S'Gordmans Stores Files for Bankruptcy With Plan to Liquidate Bloomberg - Mar 13, 2017 The shift has been especially rough on department stores, including regional chains like Gordmans that once enjoyed strong customer loyalty, but even national concerns like Sears Holdings Corp.Gordmans declares bankruptcy, will liquidate stores - Lincoln Journal StarGordmans files for bankruptcy protection, will liquidate inventory and assets - Omaha World-Herald'
p1
aS'As Gordmans files bankruptcy, what will happen with the Louisville-area store? Louisville Business First - Mar 13, 2017 Gordmans Stores Inc., an apparel and home dcor retailer, today filed a petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, claiming debt of more than $130 million.'
p2
aS"Gordmans to fire 450 workers at headquarters, warehouse; court allows gift ... Omaha World-Herald - 17 hours ago The U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Omaha late Tuesday authorized the department store chain to continue honoring gift cards, credit cards, the layaway plan and discount promotions.The Gordmans Stores, Inc.  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday - Petro Global News 24What are Analyst's Indicators for Gordmans Stores, Inc. , The Western ... - The USA Commerce"
p3
aS'Gordmans Stores Is Said to Prepare for Bankruptcy Filing Bloomberg - Mar 6, 2017 Gordmans Stores Inc., a Midwestern department-store chain founded more than a century ago, is preparing to file for bankruptcy, according to people familiar with the matter.Report: Department-store chain Gordmans prepares to file for bankruptcy - Duluth News TribuneSources say Gordmans preparing to file for bankruptcy - Belleville News-Democrat'
p4
aS'Gordmans declares bankruptcy, closing all stores - KMOV.com KMOV.com - Mar 13, 2017 OMAHA, NE --  -- 03/13/17 -- Apparel and home dcor retailer Gordmans Stores, Inc.  today announced that it has filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States&nbsp;...KEYC - Gordmans Stores, Inc. Files for Bankruptcy, Plans to Liquidate - KEYC'
p5
aS"GORDMANS STORES, INC.  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 On March 13, 2017, Gordmans Stores, Inc.  received a letter from the staff  of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC  stating that NASDAQ has determined that the Company's common stock will be delisted from the NASDAQ&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Retail bankruptcy wave claims century-old Gordmans Stores Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 Century-old department store chain Gordmans Stores Inc filed for bankruptcy on Monday, the latest retailer to go bust as consumers increasingly turn to online shopping.'
p7
aS"Timeline: Gordmans through the years Omaha World-Herald - Mar 8, 2017 1990: Jeff Gordman, Sam's great-grandson, joins Gordmans Stores Inc. 1992: Richman Gordman 1/2 Price Stores files for bankruptcy."
p8
aS'Gordmans, Gander Mountain File For Bankruptcy Inside INdiana Business - Mar 13, 2017 Two more national retailers with multiple locations in Indiana have filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy protection. Nebraska-based Gordmans Stores Inc.  has a total eight Indiana stores and Minnesota-based Gander Mountain has nine.Gordmans, Gander Mountain file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy - WRTV Indianapolis'
p9
aS'Where Gordmans Stores, Inc.  is sitting on the technical charts? USA Commerce Daily - Mar 14, 2017 With all other things going on, Gordmans Stores, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -89.58 percent in just three months.'
p10
a.