(lp0
S"Acquisitions Powered Generac Holdings Inc.'s Earnings Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 Generac Holdings  delivered robust second-quarter results powered by its most recent acquisitions. In fact, the acquisition-driven growth more than doubled the company's international revenue.Acquisitions power growth for Generac - BizTimes.com "
p1
aS"Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Generac Holdings Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - 20 hours ago Generac Holdings logo Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in Generac Holdings Inc.  by 1.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.Generac Holdings Inc.  Receives $40.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts - Sports PerspectivesNoticeable movements of Stock: Generac Holdings Inc.'s  stock price is ... - Street Updates"
p2
aS"News Generac Holdings Inc.GNRC Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Generac Holdings Inc.GNRC. Significant News Only. 12 hours ago; Press Release. Industrial Goods Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Actuant, Generac, Middleby, and Beacon Roofing Supply."
p3
aS'Generac invests in propane services firm Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Aug 30, 2016 Generac Holdings Inc., of Waukesha, says it has made an equity investment to become a minority shareholder in Tank Utility Inc., a Boston, Mass.'
p4
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Generac Holdings Inc., 60.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Feb 14, 2017 Generac Holdings Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p5
aS'Generac Holdings: Substantial Growth At A Reasonable Price Seeking Alpha  - Mar 6, 2015 Generac Holdings , the market leader in the home standby power generators, is a great business that trades at reasonable valuations.'
p6
aS'Generac completes acquisition of Motortech Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Jan 3, 2017 Generac Holdings Inc. says it has completed the acquisition of a German manufacturer of engine control systems. Waukesha-based Generac now owns Motortech Holding GmbH, which has about 250 employees at its German headquarters, manufacturing&nbsp;...Generac Holdings Boosts Business with Motortech Acquisition - Zacks.com'
p7
aS'Generac Holdinghs acquires Motortech Seeking Alpha - Nov 28, 2016 Generac Holdings  announces it acquired the assets of Motortech Holding GmbH &amp; Co. for an undisclosed amount.'
p8
aS"Generac Holdings Inc.: Generac Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 14, 2017 14, 2017  -- Generac Holdings Inc.  , a leading global designer and manufacturer of power generation equipment and other engine powered products, today reported financial results for its&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Generac Holdings Inc  versus Sunrun Inc  - CML NewsWhat To Expect From Generac Holdings Inc's  Earnings Over The Next Year? - Simply Wall St"
p9
aS'Generac Holdings Inc.  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - 7 hours ago Generac Holdings logo Generac Holdings Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Wednesday.Generac Holdings Inc.  has been upgraded to Hold in a statement by ... - Breaking Finance News'
p10
a.