(lp0
S"Podcast: Nevada Zinc CEO Bruce Durham on the mineral's long-term prospects Financial Post - Jun 20, 2016 Bruce Durham: Nevada Zinc is an exploration company focused on a zinc project in Nevada. It's a project that we've started on about two years ago now; we've been advancing that project in a very methodical fashion."
p1
aS'Nevada Zinc Announces Filing of Technical Report on the Lone Mountain Project Junior Mining Network - Feb 27, 2017 Toronto, Ontario-- - Nevada Zinc Corporation   is pleased to announce that the technical report entitled &quot;Technical Report on the Lone Mountain Property Eureka County,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Nevada Zinc: Livingstone Project Potential as Source of Large Gold Nuggets ... Junior Mining Network - Mar 3, 2017 Toronto, Ontario-- - Nevada Zinc Corporation   is pleased to report that it has correlated several lines of evidence to define a significant bedrock gold target on its ...'
p3
aS"Insider Buying: Nevada Zinc Corp  Insider Buys C$11045.00 in Stock Community Financial News - Jan 31, 2017 Nevada Zinc Corp logo Nevada Zinc Corp  insider Norvista Capital Corporation bought 23,500 shares of the company's stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 24th."
p4
aS"Nevada Zinc Reports on Yukon Gold Project Developments Including New Property ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 8, 2016 Adjacent to the west of Goldcorp's Coffee Gold Project, Independence Gold Corp.  recently announced the definition of a new gold trend target that it will soon drill test on ground where Nevada Zinc holds a 1% net smelter royalty interest."
p5
aS'Nevada Zinc Appoints Duane Parnham Chairman GlobeNewswire  - Dec 2, 2015 2, 2015  -- Nevada Zinc Corporation   is pleased to announce the appointment of Duane Parnham as director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Nevada Zinc. President and CEO, Bruce Durham ...'
p6
aS'Zinc prices  One of the best performers in 2016, up more than 50% from 2015 lows InvestorIntel - Sep 6, 2016 Nevada Zinc Corporation  though is an up and coming story which is starting to appear on the radars and we have published a research note on the exciting developments at the company  and here we shall relay&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Lesser-known metals poised for price increases: zinc, niobium, uranium Financial Post - May 19, 2016 The LME  now is at its five-year low for zinc inventory, Bruce Durham, CEO of Nevada Zinc Corp. , said in a recent Midas Letter interview. Once we get to an inflection point, which we think we're probably going to ..."
p8
aS"Mining: It's About More than Gold Nevada Business Magazine - Jul 1, 2015 Nevada Zinc Corp. acquired the Lone Mountain project near Eureka last year. In October, it began its first of three drilling programs, which it now has completed."
p9
aS'Mining Explorers 2016: Goldcorp grabs Coffee project Petroleum News - Nov 4, 2016 With rising gold prices and interest in the White Gold District, Nevada Zinc Corp. is allocating additional resources to VIP, a large gold property situated immediately west of Boulevard.'
p10
a.