(lp0
S'Hays Companies Leverages Guidewire Predictive Analytics Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 BUSINESS WIRE)--Hays Companies, one of the fastest growing, privately-held risk management, insurance, and employee benefits advisors in the country, and Guidewire Software , a provider of software products to the Property/Casualty (P/C ...Guidewire Software Inc  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemThe Guidewire Software Inc  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'Guidewire Software Inc.  Has Jumped To A 3-Month High On Q2 Results Nasdaq - Mar 3, 2017  - Guidewire Software Inc.  reported second quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 after the bell Thursday, up from $0.24 a year ago.Guidewire Software Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Guidewire reported the results of its fiscal Q2 about a week ago. Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Guidewire  reported the results of its fiscal Q2 that ended 1/31 a little earlier this month. The results for the quarter were better than prior consensus expectations, at least those that were published.Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance Company of Idaho Selects Guidewire Digital ... - Business Wire '
p3
aS"Guidewire Software Inc: Biggest intraday pct gain in a year Times of India - Mar 3, 2017 Software maker's shares jump as much as 7.2 pct to $59.51; Biggest intraday pct gain in a year. ** Q2 revenue, profit beat estimates helped by an increase in customer demand, and a strong performance in the license segment."
p4
aS'Guidewire: Greenfield Opportunities Seeking Alpha - Jan 10, 2017 The company continues to successfully address one of the larger opportunities in the enterprise software universe and it has no real competition.'
p5
aS'Guidewire Software Inc : Earnings To Drop In The Year Ahead, Is It A ... Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 As per analysts covering Guidewire Software Inc  the earnings are expected to decrease -68.3% in the next 12 months.Stock Returns: BroadSoft Inc  is Beating Guidewire Software Inc ... - CML NewsGuidewire Software, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p6
aS'Guidewire to Acquire FirstBest Systems Business Wire  - Aug 4, 2016 FOSTER CITY, Calif. &amp; BEDFORD, Mass.----Guidewire Software, Inc. , a provider of software products to Property/Casualty  insurers, and FirstBest Systems, Inc., a provider of an underwriting management system to P/C&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Guidewire to Acquire Insurance Cloud Software Firm ISCS for $160 Million Insurance Journal - Dec 20, 2016 Guidewire's software helps P/C insurers with their core operations, data and analytics and digital management. The company has more than 260 customers globally. Guidewire also offers some cloud-based products but ISCS has specialized in that area for&nbsp;...Guidewire Software, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market ExclusiveGuidewire to Acquire ISCS - Business Wire "
p8
aS'Guidewire Software to Present at Goldman Sachs Conference Yahoo Finance - Feb 13, 2017 Guidewire Software, Inc. , a provider of software products to P&amp;C insurers, today announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Richard Hart, will present at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference 2017 to be held in San Francisco, CA.Guidewire Software Announces Octo Telematics as New Solution Alliance Partner - Satellite PR News '
p9
aS'Form 4 Guidewire Software, Inc. For: Mar 15 Filed by: King James Winston StreetInsider.com - 21 hours ago Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue. See Instruction 1. 1. Name and Address of Reporting Person *. King James Winston. , , . 1001 E. HILLSDALE BLVD., SUITE 800. &nbsp;...'
p10
a.