(lp0
S"Analyst's Predictions on Great Plains Energy Incorporated , Western ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  have shown a high EPS growth of 5.30% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 17.90% yoy.How much upside really exists in Great Plains Energy Incorporated  and ... - USA Commerce DailyStock Returns: Great Plains Energy Incorporated  is Beating ... - CML News"
p1
aS'Great Plains Energy Prices Offering of Senior Notes to Finance a Portion of ... Business Wire  - Mar 7, 2017 KANSAS CITY, Mo.----Great Plains Energy Incorporated   announced today the pricing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of $4.3 billion of its senior notes.Why Investors remained confident on Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP ... - StockNewsJournalGreat Plains Energy Incorporated  Given Consensus Rating of Buy by ... - BNB Daily '
p2
aS"Great Plains Energy Announces Leadership Team of Combined Company Yahoo Finance - Dec 8, 2016 Great Plains Energy Incorporated , the parent company of Kansas City Power &amp; Light Company , today announced the executive officer team that will lead the combined company once Great Plains Energy's acquisition of Westar Energy, Inc."
p3
aS"Great Plains Energy  Announces Leadership of Post-Westar Energy Merger ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 8, 2016 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  announced the executive officer team that will lead the combined company once Great Plains Energy's acquisition of Westar Energy, Inc.  is complete in Spring 2017.Great Plains to bring eight Westar execs on board after sale - Topeka Capital Journal"
p4
aS'How Does Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - Mar 3, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  is an interesting player in the Utilities space, with a focus on Electric Utilities.Great Plains Energy Incorporated : A Detailed Look at its Institutional ... - Post Analyst'
p5
aS"Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Shares Bought by Fmr LLC BNB Daily  - Mar 10, 2017 Great Plains Energy logo Fmr LLC boosted its position in Great Plains Energy Incorporated  by 19.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Analyst's Proposition on Great Plains Energy Incorporated , Legg Mason ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'Checking the Overall Picture for Great Plains Energy Incorporated  StockNewsJournal - Feb 17, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  is an interesting player in the Utilities space, with a focus on Electric Utilities.What Analysts are Predicting For Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP ... - The USA Commerce'
p7
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Great Plains Energy Incorporated , Allscripts ... StockNewsJournal - Feb 24, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Great Plains Energy Incorporated  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.16 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;...Great Plains Energy Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 23, 2017 - Nasdaq"
p8
aS"The Technical Facts on Great Plains Energy Incorporated  The USA Commerce - Mar 8, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Great Plains Energy Incorporated , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS"Great Plains Energy Incorporated's  stock price is Worth at $28.72 while ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 13, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  ended its day with gain 1.27% and finalized at the price of $28.72. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 1.36 million shares."
p10
a.