(lp0
S"Hyatt Hotels Corporation Posts Slowdown in Revenue per Available Room Growth Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Hyatt Hotels  this week posted fourth-quarter earnings numbers that kept the company squarely within management's full-year growth target.Hyatt Hotels Corporation Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 16 - Equities.comHyatt Hotels  Tops Q4 EPS by 1c - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS'Morgan Stanley Upgrades Hyatt Hotels Corporation to Equal-Weight Energy Index - Mar 13, 2017 Brokerage firm Morgan Stanley Upgrades its rating on Hyatt Hotels Corporation. The shares have been rated Equal-Weight. Previously, the analysts had a Underweight rating on the shares.Earnings And Analyst Opinion Offer Spending Insights: Entegris, Inc. (ENTG ... - Post AnalystHyatt Announces Plans for First Hyatt Place Hotel in Japan - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Hyatt Named to 2017 FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For List for Fourth ... Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 CHICAGO----A subsidiary of Hyatt Hotels Corporation , Hyatt Corporation, has been named to the 2017 FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For list, an annual ranking of companies with outstanding workplace cultures.Check on Ratings and Recommendations Roundup:Hyatt Hotels Corporation  - Post Registrar'
p3
aS'Hyatt Hotels Corporation  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 4, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Hyatt Hotels Corporation is a global hospitality company. The Company develops, owns, operates, manages, franchises, licenses or provides services to a portfolio of properties, consisting of full service hotels ...Barings LLC Sells 10100 Shares of Hyatt Hotels Corporation  - BNB Daily The Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.27 ... - DailyQuint'
p4
aS'Hyatt Announces Plans for Hyatt Regency Chantilly Hospitality Net - Mar 6, 2017 CHICAGO -- Hyatt Hotels Corporation  announced today that a Hyatt affiliate has entered into a management agreement with Hospitality Management Chantilly for a Hyatt Regency hotel in Chantilly, France.Hyatt Announces Plans for First Hyatt-Branded Hotel in Algeria - Yahoo FinanceHyatt Announces Plans for Hotels in Algeria and France - Travel Agent'
p5
aS'Hyatt Hotels Corporation Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 17 Equities.com - Feb 17, 2017 Hyatt Hotels Corporation Class A  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 17, as the stock lost 4.53% to close at $53.55.'
p6
aS'Long Term Growth Stock in Review: Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 10 hours ago Hyatt Hotels Corporation  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research. With their stock price currently trading around $52.21, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the past few years.'
p7
aS"No growth for growth's sake, says Hyatt chief Mark Hoplamazian The Australian - Mar 12, 2017 Mark Hoplamazian, president and CEO of Hyatt Hotels Corporation, has opened 59 new hotels, but the Armenian-American businessman is adamant he has not put one of the world's largest hotel chains on a growth path for the sake of it."
p8
aS"Hyatt launches new global campaign focusing on empathy, ad to run during Oscars CNBC - Feb 24, 2017 Global hotelier Hyatt is to launch a new global advertising campaign during this Sunday's Oscars' broadcast on ABC, focusing on moments of understanding around the world.Hyatt Makes Social Statement in First-Ever Oscars Campaign - CreativityWorld of Hyatt Welcomes New Era with For a World of Understanding - Business Wire "
p9
aS'Hyatt Announces Plans For Hyatt Centric Gran Via Madrid Hospitality Net - Mar 7, 2017 CHICAGO -- Hyatt Hotels Corporation  today announced that a Hyatt affiliate has entered into a management agreement with Exacorp One, S.L.Hyatt Hotels Corporation  is Upgraded by Morgan Stanley to  Equal-Weight - Highland MirrorAnalyst Upgrades  Hyatt Hotels  Stock Gets Upgraded By Morgan Stanley ... - Market Exclusive'
p10
a.