(lp0
S"Harvard Bioscience's  CEO Jeffrey Duchemin on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Welcome to the Q4 2016 Harvard Bioscience Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ally and I will be your operator for today's call.Earnings Reaction History: Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Post Earnings Price ... - Post Analyst"
p1
aS"Harvard Bioscience's Recent Acquisitions Make A Difference, Initiate With Buy ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 13, 2016 Recent acquisitions have made HBIO a leader in the electrophysiology segment of the scientific equipment market. In addition, cost savings and site consolidations should help fuel high double-digit adjusted EPS growth in FY:16."
p2
aS'The Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Stake Cut by GSA Capital Partners LLP Petro Global News 24 - Mar 14, 2017 GSA Capital Partners LLP decreased its stake in Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  by 6.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto EdgeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p3
aS'Harvard Bioscience Acquires Multi Channel Systems MCS GmbH and Triangle ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 1, 2014 HOLLISTON, Mass., Oct. 1, 2014  -- Harvard Bioscience, Inc. , a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of a broad range of solutions to advance life science, has acquired two privately held life science companies:&nbsp;...Harvard Biosciences spends $11M on two acquisitions - Boston Business Journal '
p4
aS'Stock Focus: Watching Shares of Harvard Bioscience Inc  Rives Journal - 12 hours ago Investors are keeping a close eye on levels of Harvard Bioscience Inc . The Average Directional Index or ADX is a technical analysis indicator used to describe if a market is trending or not trending.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Harvard Bioscience Inc  is Beating Fluidigm ... CML News - Feb 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fluidigm Corporation  versus Harvard Bioscience Inc  .'
p6
aS"OSU spinoff Nanofiber back-burners IP fight with Harvard Bioscience Business First of Columbus  - Jan 7, 2014 The surgeon, Dr. Paolo Macchiarini, used the model trachea made by Nanofiber, and stem cells were seeded in the device in a bioreactor by Harvard Bioscience Inc.  - a Harvard University spinoff that fully credited its Columbus partner's ..."
p7
aS'Reviewing the Levels for Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Geneva Journal - 13 hours ago Value investors may be keeping an eye on the Magic Formula Rank or MF Rank for Harvard Bioscience, Inc. .'
p8
aS'Graziano retires as head of Harvard Bioscience, interim CEO named Boston Business Journal  - May 15, 2013 Chane Graziano, CEO and director of Harvard Bioscience Inc.  in Holliston, Mass., has retired after 17 years in the position.'
p9
aS"David Green Sells 3239 Shares of Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Stock The Cerbat Gem - Feb 14, 2017 Harvard Bioscience logo Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Director David Green sold 3,239 shares of the company's stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th."
p10
a.