(lp0
S"Bluecrest Quintuples its Stake at Hollywood Media Corporation  Tech Insider - May 14, 2014 Michael Platt and William Reeves' Bluecrest Capital Management has filed a 13G form with the SEC, declaring an increase in its position at Hollywood Media Corporation . The fund now owns about 2.85 million shares, which account for&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Market Desk: Stock Update for Hollywood Media Corp.  Baldwin Journal - 18 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. Hollywood Media Corp.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of -6299. The EV is used to show how the market assigns value to a&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"All For One Media Corp. retains top Hollywood casting agency Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 MOUNT KISCO, N.Y., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- All For One Media Corp.,  has retained the services of Bullock &amp; Snow Casting as casting directors for the company's upcoming musical dramedy, Crazy For The Boys."
p3
aS"CNN Films, Content Media Corporation Acquire Rights To Documentary 'Elin' Deadline - Feb 6, 2017 CNN Films has acquired television broadcast and CNN-branded authenticated television exhibition rights in U.S and Canada, from Fine Point Films."
p4
aS"Mediaite's Hiring of Nikki Finke Sparks Legal Threat from Deadline Hollywood ... Hollywood Reporter - Nov 17, 2016 Finke's forthcoming return to journalism after a two-year absence has led Penske Media, the owner of Variety and Deadline Hollywood, to send a threatening warning to her new employer that she is prohibited from engaging in any &quot;entertainment industry ..."
p5
aS"Huayi Brothers eyes Hollywood as Chinese moviemakers expand CNBC - Apr 26, 2016 ... set its sights on the massive movie-going market in China but filmmakers in the world's second-largest economy are stepping up efforts to carve a niche in the U.S."
p6
aS'Robb Report Will Join Penske Media Corporation in a Joint Venture Partnership IndieWire - Dec 30, 2016 Penske Media Corporation and Rockbridge Growth Equity have today announced the formation of a joint venture partnership in Robb Report, the global authority on luxury.Penske Media Enters Joint Venture For Robb Report - DeadlinePenske Media &amp; Rockbridge Announce the Acquisition of Robb Report - Footwear News'
p7
aS'Variety To Host First-Ever Conference On Diversity And Inclusion In Hollywood PR Newswire  - Sep 26, 2016 ... Facebook facebook.com/variety; Twitter, @variety; Instagram, @Variety; Pintrest and Snapchat. The Variety Group - Variety, Variety.'
p8
aS"Chinese Purchases of US Companies Have Some in Congress Raising Eyebrows New York Times - Sep 30, 2016 In a recent letter, those politicians cited the case of the Dalian Wanda Group, the Chinese conglomerate that in January bought Legendary Entertainment, one of Hollywood's biggest production companies, for as much as $3.5 billion. In 2012, Wanda ... on ..."
p9
aS"Surge in media mergers is expected under Trump's pro-business agenda Los Angeles Times - Jan 27, 2017 Buckle up: Media companies are preparing for some whirlwind courtships in what's expected to be the biggest merger bonanza in years."
p10
a.