(lp0
S"Liquidity Warnings Send Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.'s Stock Plunging Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Most offshore service companies believe crude needs to improve to more than $60 per barrel before producers start expanding their drilling budgets, which might not arrive for quite some time.Hornbeck Offshore Services   Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaWhat You Must Know About Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc's  Financial ... - Simply Wall St"
p1
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services: Too Many Problems Will Drag The Stock Further Down Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Hornbeck Offshore Services publishes its quarterly report and admits that it will have no money to pay debt in 2019. The company sees no signs of the recovery in the offshore drilling segment and plans to address its capital structure. Revenues ...Hornbeck Offshore Services  Plunges 6.97% on February 22 - Equities.comTaking a Fresh Look at Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS'Moving Average Crossover Alert: Hornbeck Offshore Services  March 08, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 8, 2017 Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.  could be a stock to avoid from a technical perspective, as the firm is seeing unfavorable trends on the moving average crossover front.'
p3
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services To Review Strategic Options Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Company surprisingly pursues &quot;strategic options&quot; with a comprehensive debt restructuring the most likely outcome at this time.Hornbeck hit by losses as oil slump continues - The Advocate'
p4
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services: Should Its Cash Last? Seeking Alpha - May 19, 2016 Hornbeck Offshore Services reported 2016 first quarter results on May 4th. The company stated the industry likely had not hit the bottom yet and thinks things could still get worse.'
p5
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services: Escaping Natural Elimination Seeking Alpha - Aug 25, 2016 Hornbeck Offshore Services, along with its publicly-traded peers, reported quarterly results in August reflecting an ongoing downturn for offshore service providers.'
p6
aS'Hornbeck Offshore: A Consolidator In The Offshore Supply Vessel Industry Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 The outlook for the worldwide Offshore Support Vessel market is bleak and turning darker every day. Shares of Hornbeck Offshore Services plummeted by 22% on February 16 after the company posted its earnings. On that single day, the trading volume&nbsp;...Hornbeck Offshore Services  Plunges 10.39% on February 24 - Equities.comSuccessful Earnings Option Trading: Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc  - CML News'
p7
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.  Debt Trading 3% Lower Chaffey Breeze - Mar 15, 2017 Hornbeck Offshore Services logo An issue of Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.  bonds fell 3% against their face value during trading on Tuesday.Buzzer within Traders Radar: Hornbeck Offshore Services  - Is storiesWhat Analysts are Predicting For American Outdoor Brands Corporation (AOBC ... - The USA Commerce'
p8
aS'Hornbeck Offshore: Now Is The Time To Buy Seeking Alpha - Sep 11, 2016 Hornbeck Offshore Services  operates as a provider of marine transportation services to exploration &amp; production, oilfield service, offshore construction and military customers.'
p9
aS'Hornbeck Offshore Services: Not All Surprises Are Questionable Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2016 Falling crude prices and the subsequent slowdown in the drilling industry have wreaked havoc for offshore service providers. Hornbeck Offshore Services  has not been exempt. When the company reported 2015 fourth quarter and full-year results&nbsp;...'
p10
a.