(lp0
S"Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. and Rovi Corporation Slump as Indexes ... Motley Fool - Apr 1, 2016 After a sluggish start, stocks surged into the afternoon hours to end Friday's trading session at new highs for the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average  added 108 points, or 0.6%, and the S&amp;P 500  gained 13 points,&nbsp;...China's Anbang abandons $14 billion bid to buy Starwood Hotels - ReutersStarwood's China Suitor Quits Party as Fast as He Crashed It - Bloomberg"
p1
aS"Why Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc.'s Shares Dropped 10% in May Motley Fool - Jun 2, 2016 What: Shares of gun maker Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc.  fell 10.3% in May, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, as its merger with Marriott International  came under fire."
p2
aS"Why Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. Stock Jumped 21% in March Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2016 What: Shares of Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide  jumped 21% last month, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Westin Hotels &amp; Resorts Expands in Latin America with the Signing of the ... - Business Wire Anbang's Pursuit of Starwood Always Faced High Hurdles - Wall Street Journal"
p3
aS'Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Becomes Oversold  Nasdaq - Sep 9, 2016 In trading on Friday, shares of Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 26.3, after changing hands as low as $74.03 per share.'
p4
aS"Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc gets unsolicited bid from China-led ... Financial Post - Mar 14, 2016 Justin Sullivan/Getty ImagesMarriott said it remained committed to its offer for Starwood, which would create the world's largest hotel chain with top brands including Sheraton, Ritz Carlton and the Autograph Collection.Group led by Chinese firm Anbang bids $12.8 billion for Starwood Hotels - Los Angeles TimesChinese Bid For Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Rekindles Memories Of Japan's 1980s ... - Forbes"
p5
aS"Shareholders approve sale of Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide Inc to ... Financial Post - Apr 8, 2016 NEW YORK - Marriott International has cleared one of its major hurdles on its journey to acquire rival Starwood and become the world's largest hotel chain.IT'S A DEAL: Marriott is buying Starwood Hotels for $12.4 billion - Business InsiderMarriott and Starwood Shareholders Approve Merger To Become World's Largest ... - Skift"
p6
aS'Zacks Industry Outlook Highlights: Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide ... Nasdaq - Jul 22, 2016 Chicago, IL - July 22, 2016 - Today, Zacks Equity Research discusses the Hotels, part 3, including Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. , Marriott International, Inc. , Wyndham Worldwide Corp. , Expedia Inc.  and ...'
p7
aS"Marriott closes $13-billion purchase of Starwood to become world's largest ... Los Angeles Times - Sep 23, 2016 Several of the best-known names in travel are now united in one hotel company. Marriott International closed Friday morning on its $13-billion acquisition of Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, bringing together its Marriott, Courtyard and Ritz ..."
p8
aS"Interval Leisure Group Completes Acquisition of Vistana Signature Experiences ... Business Wire  - May 12, 2016 In addition, ILG's Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. owns and manages the Westin Vacation Club and the Sheraton Vacation Club and uses related trademarks under license from Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Headquartered in Miami, Florida,&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Marriott-Starwood merger subject of lawsuit by hotel owners Pacific Business News  - May 13, 2016 The merger between Marriott International Inc.  and Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc.  has been challenged in a lawsuit by hotel owners in New York and Chicago who argue the deal would violate exclusivity&nbsp;...Starwood taps machine learning to dynamically price hotel rooms - CIO'
p10
a.