(lp0
S'Pacific Investments makes senior hires at new multi-asset unit Fund Strategy - Dec 19, 2016 Pacific Investments has appointed a chief investment officer and a head of diversifying assets to its newly-launched multi-asset management unit.'
p1
aS'Pacific Investments launches new offering in commercial foreign exchange FX-MM - Apr 30, 2012 Digby is joined on the advisory board by Sir John Beckwith and Jim Pettigrew, the former CFO of ICAP plc and currently a non-executive director of Aberdeen Asset Management and Hermes. Argentex offers a distinct and innovative ... Pacific Investments ...'
p2
aS'Cover story: Are emerging markets the next wildcard investment? Fund Strategy - Apr 20, 2016 Famously Warren Buffett once said that when it comes to investing be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.'
p3
aS'Royal Mail rivals DPD and Hermes step up parcel delivery competition Financial Times - Feb 8, 2016 The expansion illustrates the large investments pouring into infrastructure in the parcel industry as shoppers shift en masse to ecommerce.'
p4
aS'National Grid to sell 61% of gas business to Sino-Australian group Financial Times - Dec 8, 2016 Allianz Capital Partners, UK asset manager Hermes Investment Management and the Qatar Investment Authority are also part of the consortium, along with Amber Infrastructure and Dalmore Capital, two UK fund managers.Clifford Chance and Linklaters advise on 13.8bn National Grid purchase - The Lawyer '
p5
aS"Fund profile: Hermes Global Emerging Markets Money Observer - Sep 11, 2015 This has much to do with the expertise of Gary Greenberg, who has managed the fund since its inception and who brings over 20 years' experience of investing in emerging markets to the portfolio. Greenberg also adds a sustainable edge to the fund, as he&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Walker: The perfect time to buy this exceptional EM fund that doesn't follow ... FE Trustnet - Nov 9, 2015 On top of that, Skagen KonTiki - despite being benchmarked against the MSCI Emerging Markets index - sits in the IA Global sector rather than the IA Global Emerging Markets sector as the managers can invest up to 50 per cent in developed market-listed&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"European elections are a 'red herring' says Merricks FE Trustnet - Feb 29, 2016 Skerritts' Andy Merricks outlines the European smaller companies funds he is buying this year in case the European elections are not as surprising as many think they will be."
p8
aS'Next generation of star fund managers: six names tipped to shine Money Observer - Dec 19, 2016 Interactive Investor is 21 years old. To celebrate, our top journalists and the great and the good of the City have written a series of articles discussing some of the changes in the investment world over the past 21 years, and what the future might ...'
p9
aS"Schroders posts fund inflows before AGM protest Financial Times - Apr 28, 2016 Three shareholder advisory groups - Institutional Shareholder Services, Glass Lewis, and Pension &amp; Investment Research Consultants - are recommending votes at the AGM starting at 11.30am against Mr Dobson's move.Emerging Markets Back in Favor Lifts Schroders Assets to Record - Bloomberg"
p10
a.