(lp0
S'Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 16 ... Nasdaq - 20 hours ago Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 16, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.25 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 30, 2017.Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio - Energy IndexHudson Pacific Properties Inc Rewards HPP Shareholders - Investorplace.com'
p1
aS"Hudson Pacific Properties Increases Common Stock Dividend by 25% Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  today announced that the company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend on its common stock of $0.25 per share for the first quarter of 2017.Hudson Pacific Properties  Updates FY FFO Guidance - StreetInsider.comHudson Pacific trims guidance - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Historic Hollywood film studio where 'I Love Lucy' was shot being acquired by ... Los Angeles Times - Mar 1, 2017 One of Hollywood's oldest film studios is being acquired by Los Angeles real estate company Hudson Pacific Properties Inc., which already owns two other historic studios in the area. Hudson Pacific will pay $200 million for Hollywood Center Studios,&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Hudson Pacific Properties Announces Closing of Public Offering and Exercise of ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.   today announced the completion of its public offering of 9,775,000 shares of its common stock, including 1,275,000 shares of its common stock issued and sold pursuant to the ...Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 02 - Equities.comHudson Pacific Properties  Prices 8.5M Shares at $36 - StreetInsider.com'
p4
aS"Hudson Pacific Properties to Participate in Citi's 2017 Global Property CEO ... Business Wire  - Mar 1, 2017 LOS ANGELES----Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  today announced that Victor Coleman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Lammas, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and Alexander Vouvalides,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Hudson Pacific Properties Is A Fair Location To Park Cash Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 The margin of safety is minimal, but given the high valuation of other office REITs, Hudson Pacific Properties  is a fair location to park cash.'
p6
aS"CPPIB and Hudson Pacific Properties acquire Seattle office tower PE Hub   - Oct 10, 2016 Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Hudson Pacific Properties Inc  have acquired Hill7, a Seattle, Washington office tower.Downtown Seattle's Hill7 office building sells for $180M - Puget Sound Business Journal "
p7
aS'Hudson Pacific Properties Acquires Interest In Page Mill Hill Campus To Expand ... Yahoo Finance - Dec 13, 2016 Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  today announced it has completed the acquisition of a leasehold interest in Page Mill Hill to further expand its presence in Stanford Research Park and Palo Alto.Hudson Pacific Acquires Leasehold Interest in Five-Property Office Campus in ... - REBusinessOnline'
p8
aS"Hudson Pacific Properties Signs Lease With Netflix To Fully Occupy New CUE ... Business Wire  - Jan 6, 2017 CUE is another terrific addition to the world-class entertainment production complex we're creating at Sunset Bronson Studios, said Victor J. Coleman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hudson Pacific Properties. With CUE, ICON and the sound ...Netflix, Inc.  Leases  Office Space in Hollywood - Investorplace.comNetflix, Inc.  Still Expanding in Hollywood with New Building Lease - TCC"
p9
aS"Hudson Pacific CEO says Measure S would raise company's property values The Real Deal Magazine - Feb 16, 2017 Its hard to escape the debate surrounding controversial Measure S. It even snuck its way in the fourth quarter earnings call of Hudson Pacific Properties Inc. on Thursday. Victor Coleman, CEO of the West L.A. real estate investment trust, emphasized ...Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... - Market Exclusive"
p10
a.