(lp0
S"Horizon Fights Par Pharma's Generic Of Urine Disorder Drug Law360  - Jul 1, 2016 Horizon Therapeutics Inc. claims Par Pharmaceutical Inc. infringed its three Ravicti patents when it applied for an abbreviated new drug application with the Food and Drug Administration."
p1
aS"Buzz Stocks: Sears Holdings Corp, Horizon Pharma PLC, and Voyager Therapeutics Inc Schaeffers Research  - Dec 8, 2016 U.S. stock futures are trading above fair value, following the European Central Bank's  latest policy decision. Among specific equities in focus today are retail stock Sears Holdings Corp , as well as drugmakers Horizon Pharma PLC&nbsp;...Here's Our Take On Horizon Pharma PLC 's Fall Out And Regeneron ... - Market ExclusiveHorizon Pharma  Announces ACTIMMUNE Phase 3 in FA Missed Primary Endpoint - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS'BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Intel, Horizon, Gordmans, Sunworks Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 [nL3N1GQ3OY] ** OSIRIS THERAPEUTICS INC &lt;OSIR.O&gt;, $4.25, -18.27 pct The regenerative medicine developer said on Friday it received a letter from the Nasdaq notifying that its stock will be suspended from trading on March 14.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Intel, Kronos, Aethlon, Aralez, Ciber - Times of India'
p3
aS"Horizon Discovery Group inks 'significant' reference standards deal Proactive Investors UK - Mar 14, 2017 Chris Claxton, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Horizon Discovery Group PLC  talks to Proactive about the company entering into an agreement with an unnamed global molecular diagnostics provider to&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"OilPrice.com: The Next Big Biotech Breakthrough Could Just be on the Horizon PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 A comment that sent Amicus Therapeutics Inc. stocks jump 17%, trading more than three times the average volume, after Trump used the CEO's daughter as a case study during his address to Congress."
p5
aS'Flexion Therapeutics Inc Realized Volatility Hits A Lowered Level CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Flexion Therapeutics Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a ...'
p6
aS'TG Therapeutics Inc Price Volatility Hits An Extreme High CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for TG Therapeutics Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day ...'
p7
aS'Pluristem Therapeutics Inc Realized Volatility Hits An Inflection Point CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a ...'
p8
aS'Stemline Therapeutics Inc Stock Volatility Hits A Towering High CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Stemline Therapeutics Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a ...'
p9
aS'Hot Line Stocks At Active Reaffirm Views- Amicus Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FOLD ... Seneca Globe - Mar 6, 2017 Stocks of Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  appeared in active trade move, shows upbeat performance surged 4.85% to trade at $7.79 in last session with shares volume of 5.66 Million.Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  Stock Rating Decreased by the Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.