(lp0
S"The Medicines Co. v. Hospira, Inc. Lexology  - Jul 12, 2016 In The Medicines Co. v. Hospira, Inc., Slip Op. 2014-1469, 2014-1504  the Federal Circuit en banc held that a contract manufacturer's sale to the patentee of manufacturing services, where neither title to the patented ...Federal Circuit Rules for The Medicines Company in Angiomax "
p1
aS"Medicines Company v. Hospira, Inc Lexology  - Aug 29, 2016 The plaintiff, The Medicines Company , sued in the District of Delaware alleging that the defendant's Abbreviated New Drug Application  filings infringed certain claims of the patents-in-suit, including two product-by-process claims."
p2
aS'ICU Medical, Inc. Provides Update on Hospira Infusion Systems Transaction GlobeNewswire  - Jan 5, 2017 SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., Jan. 05, 2017  -- ICU Medical, Inc. , a leader in the development, manufacture and sale of innovative medical devices used in infusion therapy, oncology and critical care applications, today&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Hospira Can't Get Helsinn Aloxi Suit Dismissed Bloomberg BNA - Apr 8, 2016 April 7 - Hospira Inc. failed in its bid to get Helsinn Healthcare SA's patent infringement suit against it over the anti-nausea drug Aloxi thrown out."
p4
aS"Pfizer Sells Hospira's Device Business To ICU For $1B Med Device Online  - Oct 7, 2016 Pfizer has entered into a definitive agreement to sell off Hospira's infusion pump and medical device businesses to ICU Medical for $1B in cash and stock.ICU Medical Inc. to Acquire the Hospira Infusion Systems Business from Pfizer ... - GlobeNewswire ICU Medical to pay Pfizer $1B for Hospira infusion pump biz - Mass Device"
p5
aS"Baxter, Hospira Call Saline Price-Fixing Claims Illogical Law360  - Feb 22, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Baxter International Inc. and Hospira Inc. on Tuesday each asked an Illinois federal court to dismiss an Alabama health care provider's proposed antitrust class action alleging they conspired to fix ..."
p6
aS'Baxter, Hospira Fixed Saline Prices, Pa. Hospital Says Law360  - Dec 15, 2016 Law360, New York  -- Baxter International Inc. and Hospira Inc. on Wednesday were again accused in Illinois federal court of conspiring to limit the amount of intravenous saline solution on the market and then hiking up&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Pfizer Divests Hospira Infusion Systems To ICU, Retaining An Interest In The ... Forbes - Oct 10, 2016 Pfizer Inc.  recently announced that it has entered into definitive agreement with ICU Medical  to sell its infusion systems business, which it had received via the acquisition of Hospira last year. The deal is expected to ...ICU Medical - Getting An Infusion With The Pfizer Deal - Seeking Alpha'
p8
aS'Pfizer Reportedly Taking Bids For Hospira Med Device Online  - May 3, 2016 British engineering firm Smiths Group Plc and German healthcare company Fresenius SE are among those who have placed bids for Hospira, reports Bloomberg, citing people privy to the information. In addition, private equity firm Pamplona Capital&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Hospira, Amgen Duel Over Biosimilar Ruling's Impact Law360  - Jul 8, 2016 Hospira Inc. - a division of Pfizer Inc. - has long argued that private enforcement is unavailable. The company has done so in response to a lawsuit filed by Amgen, which is trying to hinder Hospira's proposed biosimilar of anti-anemia blockbuster ..."
p10
a.