(lp0
S'Facing soft chocolate sales, Hershey Co. appoints chief growth officer Philly.com - Mar 13, 2017 Bolstering efforts to diversify, the Hershey Co. appointed Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief growth officer.Hershey Co. Appoints Mary West as Chief Growth Officer - Powder Bulk SolidsThe Hershey Company Announces Mary Beth West as Chief Growth Officer - GlobeNewswire '
p1
aS"Hershey Co. to launch new Reese's product Central Penn Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 The move also seems to fit in with the new growth strategy announced earlier this month by new Hershey Co. CEO Michele Buck.Hershey's unveils new Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, ending the #Cupspiracy - PennLive.comHershey's new Reese's Cup 'crushes it!' - Lebanon Daily News"
p2
aS"Hershey Company Expands Stuarts Draft, Virginia, Operations Center Area Development Online - 12 hours ago The Hershey Company's most recent production expansion at its operation in Augusta County is a tremendous testament to the Commonwealth's competitive business climate, infrastructure and dedicated workforce, said Governor Terry McAuliffe.Hershey to expand Stuarts Draft operation - Virginia Business Magazine"
p3
aS"BRIEF-Hershey Co appoints Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Hershey to retrench its international business, warns of low sales growth Philly.com - Mar 1, 2017 But Hershey will face fierce competitors such as Mondelez International, Pepsico, and Mars once it steps outside the chocolate and candy sectors, and it doesn't have a track record of diversifying into new categories.Hershey Layoffs: Hershey Co  to Cut 2000+ Jobs - Investorplace.comHershey restructuring could cut 15 percent of workforce - Chicago Tribune"
p5
aS"The Hershey Company: Don't Bet On The China Market For Growth Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2017 One company we've been keeping an eye on in the last couple of years is The Hershey Company . Following a slowdown in sales in its key North American market, the confectionary giant looked overseas for growth.Analyst Upgrades  Hershey Company   Stock Gets Upgraded By ... - Market ExclusiveAnalyst's Ratings Review: Hershey Co  - Post Registrar"
p6
aS"Hershey Co. new CEO could earn $7M in salary, incentives LancasterOnline - Feb 24, 2017 The Hershey Co.'s new president and chief executive officer will earn a seven-figure base salary and be eligible for a pair of seven-figure incentives, lifting her potential total compensation above $7 million.Incoming Hershey Co. CEO Names Executive Leadership Team - Powder Bulk SolidsBuck names executive team at Hershey - Central Penn Business Journal"
p7
aS"JC Penney loses chief marketing officer Mary Beth West to Hershey Dallas News - 14 hours ago J.C. Penney chief marketing officer Mary Beth West is leaving the Plano-based department store chain to join Hershey Co., where she will be chief growth officer.JC Penney's chief marketing officer to resign - Dallas Business JournalPenney losing key executive to Hershey - Chain Store Age"
p8
aS'The Hershey Company Continues to Lead the Easter Season With Innovative New ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 14, 2017 HERSHEY, Pa., March 14, 2017  -- The Hershey Company  announces its line-up of new products and classic treats for the Easter season.'
p9
aS'Campbell Soup, Hershey stumble over trends, global differences in pursuit of ... Philly.com - Mar 8, 2017 Meanwhile, the Hershey Co., a laggard in global chocolate sales for decades, made a big play for China with its purchase of Shanghai Golden Monkey, a candy and protein-based bean snacks company.'
p10
a.