(lp0
S'Humana selling bonds to raise $1 billion Louisville Business First - Mar 14, 2017 Humana is looking to raise $1 billion through the sale of bonds, according to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission released Tuesday.Common Share Dividend Yield of Humana Inc.  - Energy IndexWhat is the Sell-side Saying About Humana Inc. ? - Aiken Advocate'
p1
aS'Humana Prices $1.0 Billion Debt Offering Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Humana Inc.  announced today that it has priced a public offering of $1.0 billion in senior notes.'
p2
aS'Humana will dump individual health plans and Obamacare, focus on Medicare ... Louisville Business First - Feb 15, 2017 Humana Inc. plans to withdraw from the individual health insurance business and will pull out of the health insurance exchanges established by the Affordable Care Act, effective next year.ACA News: Humana Inc  to Exit Obamacare in 2018 - Investorplace.comTrump Points to Humana Exit From Obamacare as Sign of Failure - Bloomberg'
p3
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: Alphabet Inc. , Humana Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 20 hours ago Humana Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p4
aS'Humana Inc. to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference Business Wire  - Feb 14, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Humana Inc.  announced today that Bruce D. Broussard, President and Chief Executive Officer, will make a presentation to investors at the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference on Thursday, March 16,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Aetna Inc , Humana Inc  Call Off $34 Billion Mega Merger Investorplace.com - Feb 14, 2017 Aetna Inc, AET, Humana Inc, HUM Aetna Inc and and Humana Inc have mutually agreed to call off the merger deal, which was valued at $34 billion.Humana, Aetna terminate merger deal - South Florida Business JournalThe Clock Is Ticking for Humana - Bloomberg'
p6
aS"Humana cuts jobs but offers few details Louisville Business First - Mar 2, 2017 ... the company, and severance and outplacement job assistance if another position is not available. Humana recently canceled its planned merger with Aetna Inc., after the U.S. Department of Justice sued to block the deal between the two insurance giants.Humana cuts unspecified number of jobs in 'realignment' - WDRB 41 Louisville News - WDRB"
p7
aS"Humana Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 11, 2017 Humana Inc. is a health and well-being company. The Company's segments include Retail, Group, Healthcare Services and Other Businesses."
p8
aS'Fresenius Medical Care and Humana Partner to Improve Health of Kidney Failure ... Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 WALTHAM, Mass.----Fresenius Medical Care North America , a division of Fresenius Medical Care , announced today that it is joining forces with Humana Inc.  in a new program designed to improve care&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Humana Inc  Heffx Trading Outlook Live Trading News - Feb 15, 2017 During the past 10 bars, there have been 4 white candles and 6 black candles for a net of 2 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 22 white candles and 28 black candles for a net of 6 black candles.'
p10
a.