(lp0
S'Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 9, 2017 HOUSTON, March 09, 2017  -- Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  will hold a conference call on Thursday, March 16, 2017, at 10:00 a.m.Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p1
aS"Houston Wire and Cable Company: Not A Stock For the Faint Hearted ValueWalk - Mar 7, 2017 The Houston Wire and Cable Company  has been in business for over 40 years, with a history marked with successful IPO's, and a number of mergers and acquisitions.Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS'Houston Wire &amp; Cable May Be Past The Worst Seeking Alpha - Jan 3, 2017 This comes to mind with Houston Wire &amp; Cable , as the company has logged almost three straight years of double-digit quarterly revenue declines and significant margin and free cash flow erosion.'
p3
aS'Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company Announces Acquisition of Vertex Yahoo Finance - Oct 3, 2016 HOUSTON, TX-- - Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  today announced that it has purchased Vertex Corporate Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries from DXP Enterprises, Inc. . Vertex is a leading&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Houston Wire &amp; Cable  Acquires Vertex from DXP Enterprises  StreetInsider.com - Oct 3, 2016 Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  announced that it has purchased Vertex Corporate Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries from DXP Enterprises, Inc. .'
p5
aS'Houston Wire And Cable Will Survive, Eventually Thrive Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2016 Houston Wire and Cable Company  stock has been a falling knife as of late, declining 25% since I first profiled it in my personal blog.'
p6
aS'Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company logo Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  will announce its earnings results before the market opens on Thursday, March 16th.The Zacks: Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  Given Consensus Rating of Hold ... - Petro Global News 24Stock Returns: CAI International Inc  is Beating Houston Wire ... - CML News'
p7
aS'The Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings ... Petro Global News 24 - 3 hours ago Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  is scheduled to be announcing its earnings results before the market opens on Thursday, March 16th.Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company  expected to see a positive post earnings ... - Post AnalystHouston Wire &amp; Cable Company  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS"Houston Wire &amp; Cable Acquires Vertex Corporate Holdings from DXP Modern Distribution Management - Oct 4, 2016 &quot;This acquisition leverages HWCC's core strength in master distribution and its national distribution platform into new product categories and represents a great example of how its model can be used to further penetrate industrial end markets,&quot; said ..."
p9
aS'Houston Wire &amp; Cable Acquires Vertex From DXP Enterprises Industrial Distribution - Oct 7, 2016 HOUSTON, TX Houston Wire &amp; Cable Company recently announced that it has purchased Vertex Corporate Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries from DXP Enterprises, Inc. - No.'
p10
a.