(lp0
S'Currency Headwinds a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 18, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  continues to be an attractive trading platform for funds and smaller investors, growing its active accounts and equity once again in the fourth quarter of 2016.Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.   Stock Valuation - ValueWalkWhy Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. stock is subdued - FX Daily Report'
p1
aS"Here's what to watch when Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. reports earnings on ... Motley Fool - Jul 13, 2016 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s  move to service a broader swath of the investment community has come with some strange side effects for the business."
p2
aS"Why You Shouldn't Panic Over Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s Down Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 20, 2016 As I highlighted in my earnings preview for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. , the company has done a great job of attracting new customers and capital to the electronic brokerage business so far in 2016.Interactive Brokers tumbles amid market making disappointment - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 27, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.1 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 14, 2017.Stock Returns: Stifel Financial Corp.  is Beating Interactive Brokers ... - CML NewsInvestors Traded Stocks: Office Depot, Inc.  , Interactive Brokers ... - NYSE Journal '
p4
aS'Interactive Brokers Group Set Up for a Strong 2016 Motley Fool - Apr 15, 2016 The monthly update Interactive Brokers Group  gives investors shows that it continued its steady account growth in the first quarter.'
p5
aS"Interactive Brokers Group Reports Brokerage Metrics and Other Financial ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  an automated global electronic broker and market maker, today reported its Electronic Brokerage monthly performance metrics for February.Interactive Brokers'  February DARTs Decline Y/Y - NasdaqReliable stocks in today's share market: Interactive Brokers Group, Inc ... - The News Journal"
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Interactive Brokers Group Inc  versus Piper ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Interactive Brokers Group Inc  versus Piper Jaffray Companies  .'
p7
aS'Interactive Brokers adds US CDs as new category to Advanced Market Scanners in TWS FinanceFeeds  - Feb 28, 2017 US electronic trading giant Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  keeps improving the capabilities of its Trader Workstation  platform.'
p8
aS'Interactive Brokers Group Inc Risk Points versus Financials CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Interactive Brokers Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Financials ETF.'
p9
aS'Why Barrick Gold Corporation  , Interactive Brokers Group, Inc ... Investorplace.com - Jul 20, 2016 After taking a breather on Tuesday, the bulls were back to work today, pushing stocks even deeper into record-high territory despite the lack of any real news.'
p10
a.