(lp0
S'ICF International Inc  is trading at a 41% discount to its intrinsic value Simply Wall St - Feb 13, 2017 In this article I am going to calculate the intrinsic value of ICF International  using a method called discounted cash flow or DCF.'
p1
aS"With An ROE Of 8.6%, Has ICF International Inc's  Management Done A Good ... Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 ICF International Inc's  ROE of 8.6% over the past year, compared to its industry's 23.9%, indicates that investors would have been better off choosing the broader industry in terms of returns generated on their committed capital.ICF International Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 01 - Equities.comICF International, Inc.  Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS'Stock Returns: CBIZ Inc  versus ICF International Inc  CML News - Jan 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for CBIZ Inc  versus ICF International Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p3
aS'ICF INTERNATIONAL  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 ICF International, Inc., formerly ICF Consulting Group Holdings, LLC, provides professional services and technology-based solutions to government and commercial clients, including management, technology and policy consulting and implementation&nbsp;...The ICF International, Inc.  Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance - DailyQuint'
p4
aS'The Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Takes Position in ICF International Inc  Petro Global News 24 - Mar 12, 2017 Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new position in shares of ICF International Inc  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.ICF International, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto EdgeICF International  selected by Energy Trust of Oregon to manage ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: ICF International Inc  is Beating Navigant ... CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for ICF International Inc  versus Navigant Consulting Inc  .'
p6
aS"ICF International's  CEO Sudhakar Kesavan on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 And we at ICF are pleased with the way our company has evolved and grown over the past decade. We've consistently executed our strategy of leveraging our advisory work into implementation assignments, driving substantial revenue growth across all of&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'ICF International: An Opportunity Created By Concerns Over Lower Government ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 9, 2013 ICF International  trades at an attractive multiple due to concerns that lower government spending  will negatively affect results.'
p8
aS"ICF International top execs take 20 percent paycut Washington Business Journal  - Oct 11, 2013 In what is described as a &quot;gesture of support for and solidarity with&quot; furloughed employees, executives from ICF International Inc. have taken a 20 percent cut in base salary. A spokesman with the company didn't say whether the savings would be ..."
p9
aS'Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for ICF International, Inc.  Boosted by Analyst Chaffey Breeze - Mar 4, 2017 ICF International logo ICF International, Inc.  - Equities research analysts at SunTrust Banks upped their Q1 2017 earnings per share estimates for ICF International in a report issued on Wednesday.The ICF International, Inc.  Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations ... - DailyQuintRussell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Position in ICF International ... - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.