(lp0
S'Barrington Research Raises Actua Corp  Price Target to $17.00 BNB Daily  - 21 hours ago Actua Corp logo Actua Corp  had its target price lifted by Barrington Research from $16.00 to $17.00 in a research note published on Friday morning.Actua Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.comThe Barrington Research Reiterates Outperform Rating for Actua Corp  - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS"Analyst Activity  Barrington Research Reiterates Outperform on Actua Corp ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 The Company's vertical cloud-based businesses include Bolt Solutions Inc. , Folio Dynamics Holdings Inc. , GovDelivery Holdings, Inc.  and VelocityEHS Holdings, Inc. , which operate in the commercial and&nbsp;...Actua Corp  Releases Earnings Results - Chaffey BreezeActua Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 10 - Equities.com"
p2
aS"Barrington Research Reiterates Outperform Rating for Actua Corp  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Actua Corp logo Actua Corp 's stock had its outperform rating reiterated by investment analysts at Barrington Research in a report released on Friday.Actua Corp  Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance - BNB Daily The Actua Corp  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0 ... - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS'ICG Group Inc. gets new name, brand Philadelphia Business Journal - Sep 3, 2014 ICG Group Inc. announced a new brand and name-change Wednesday. It will now be called Actua Corp. It also has a new Nasdaq ticker symbol: ACTA.'
p4
aS"Actua Corp.  Plans $80M Modified 'Dutch Auction' Tender Offer for Common ... StreetInsider.com - Nov 3, 2016 Actua Corporation  announced its intention to commence a modified Dutch auction tender offer to repurchase for cash certain of its outstanding shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of no more than $80.0 million (the&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Actua Corp  FolioDynamix Receives Award From FTF News Market Exclusive - May 11, 2016 In their first quarter earnings report, Actua Corporation reported revenue to be at $34.6 million, a 13% increase from the same period last year.'
p6
aS"Actua Corp 's VelocityEHS Bags Top Honors In ISHN Awards Market Exclusive - Jun 2, 2016 Actua Corp's VelocityEHS secured its first ISHN award in the EHS Management Software category. Readers of ISHN showed their satisfaction with VelocityEHS's software platform that boasts a suite of simplified environment, health, safety  and&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Actua Corp  to Release Earnings on Thursday Chaffey Breeze - Mar 7, 2017 Actua Corp logo Actua Corp  is scheduled to be posting its quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Thursday, March 9th.'
p8
aS'Actua Corp  ATR Trending Higher Business Review - Mar 14, 2017 Shares of Actua Corp  have seen the ATR  climb higher over the past 10 bars, indicating strong momentum potential and increased volatility.'
p9
aS'Dutch Auction Tender With Actua Corporation Seeking Alpha - Nov 4, 2016 The tough part about investing is sitting idle. We all know the best gains come from long-term compounding, but having the patience to hold positions for years goes against the psychology in our brains.'
p10
a.