(lp0
S'Stock Focus: Checking Levels on Intellicheck Mobilisa Inc  Rives Journal - 17 hours ago Investors may be looking at some different technical levels in order to get a better grasp on the markets. Presently, the 14-day ADX for Intellicheck Mobilisa Inc  is 13.6. In general, an ADX value from 0-25 would signal an absent or weak trend. A ...'
p1
aS"Intellicheck Mobilisa Inc  Moves 6.41% For the Week Business Review - 16 hours ago Intellicheck Mobilisa Inc  shares have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 6.41% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p2
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa To Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial ... Business Wire  - Feb 1, 2017 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in identity verification and validation systems, will report financial results on March 30, 2017 for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 ...'
p3
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa Sues Honeywell for Infringement of Multiple Patents Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2016 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in identity authentication, verification and validation technology solutions, today announced that it has filed a lawsuit against Honeywell for infringing on several&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Small Cap Concentration on Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc.  Morgan Research - 15 hours ago Smart investors are constantly on the lookout for a bargain when it comes to stock picking. As of late, investors have been taking a second look at shares of Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. . During recent trading, shares saw a move of 0.80% hitting ...'
p5
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa Awarded Contract for Site Secure Access Control at ... Business Wire  - Jul 20, 2016 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in threat identification and identity authentication, verification and validation technology solutions, today announced it has been awarded a federal contract to ...'
p6
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa Expands Patent Portfolio Business Wire  - Sep 16, 2015 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in identity authentication, verification and validation solutions, today announced the Company has acquired an intellectual property portfolio from the estate of ...'
p7
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa CEO Dr. Nelson Ludlow and Senior Vice President Bonnie ... Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2014 PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a global leader in identity solutions and wireless security systems, announced that CEO Dr.'
p8
aS'Intellicheck Mobilisa and Visualant Reach Exclusivity Agreement on Pioneering ... Business Wire  - Apr 5, 2016 JERICHO, N.Y.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , a leader in threat identification, identity authentication, verification and validation solutions, and Visualant, Inc. , a pioneer in ChromaID technology, today&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'California Military Department Awards Intellicheck Mobilisa Contract for ... Business Wire  - Jul 23, 2015 PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.----Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. , the industry leader in identity authentication and validation solutions, today announced it has been awarded an initial purchase contract in excess of $300 thousand&nbsp;...'
p10
a.