(lp0
S'Investment Trust Watch: India Capital Growth in limbo Citywire.co.uk - Jul 22, 2016 ... Capital Growth in limbo. Some normality is returning to investment trusts but India Capital Growth and JPMorgan Elect look mis-priced.'
p1
aS"Private investor's diary: turning to the US Investors Chronicle - Nov 18, 2016 Markets spent much of October preoccupied by politics. Trump was seemingly thrown a lifeline with the FBI reopening its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private emails."
p2
aS'Net Asset Value Daily Estimate London South East   - Feb 8, 2017 The Company announces its Net Asset Value per ordinary share as at 07 February 2017 was estimated to be 98.96 pence. This estimated daily NAV is provided by the Investment Manager of the Company and is, by its nature, based on incomplete and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Private investor's diary: Onwards and upwards Investors Chronicle - Jan 13, 2017 Despite the poor performance, I quite enjoyed last year. Equity markets suffered the worst start to the year on record. The FTSE All-Share index and the S&amp;P 500 both lost 9 per cent during the first six weeks of 2016, culminating in one City economist ..."
p4
aS'Why Matthews India Fund Investor  Worth Another Look? Nasdaq - 21 hours ago Matthews India Fund Investor  seeks to provide long-term capital growth and capital preservation. MINDX seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing at least 80% of its total assets, which include borrowings for investment purposes,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Emerging markets  time for investors to look again? Financial Times - Aug 4, 2016 My sense is that the rates hike cycle will be limited and the dollar will weaken. Also the developed ... That favours another London-listed investment trust, India Capital growth fund, led by an Anglo-Indian team at Ocean Dial with an excellent record ...'
p6
aS'Updater Services raises Rs 100Cr from Motilal Oswal Private Equity YourStory.com - Feb 28, 2017 The funds ploughed in by the company will be deployed towards scaling up and expanding to newer geographies. MOPE Investment Advisors Pvt.'
p7
aS'Carlyle raising $1 bn in new growth fund focused on India and China VCCircle - Mar 11, 2017 Global private equity firm Carlyle is raising $1 billion under its new Asian growth fund largely focused on investing in India and China. The PE firm has roped in International Finance Corp  as one of its Limited Partners  with the private ...'
p8
aS"Investing in a Trumpian world of uncertainty Financial Times - Dec 7, 2016 It's been a funny old year. Expectations have been confounded at every turn, not least by Brexit and Donald Trump. Personally, I think the advent of President Trump is a disaster over the long run, but for now US equity investors have taken the rise of ..."
p9
aS"Tejas Networks files IPO papers with Sebi Business Standard - Feb 14, 2017 &quot;In addition, our company expects to achieve the benefits of listing of the equity shares on the stock exchanges which, we believe, will result in the enhancement of our company's brand and creation of a public market for our equity shares,&quot; Tejas ..."
p10
a.