(lp0
S"Option Market: Ingles Markets, Incorporated Risk Hits A Deteriorated Level CML News - 17 hours ago We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Ingles Markets ..."
p1
aS"Ingles Markets Is Still Cheap - But It's Still Unclear When The Company Will ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2017 Ingles seems a logical target in US grocery consolidation - but that's been the case for some time. Including the value of Ingles-owned real estate, the stock seems to trade at a reasonable discount to the space. But the majority owner Ingles family ...James Investment Research Inc. Buys 5095 Shares of Ingles Markets ... - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS'Ingles Markets Has A Bright Future Ahead Seeking Alpha  - Mar 9, 2015 While Ingles has lately been closing supermarkets, it is opening gasoline stations and pharmacies for which demand is forecast to be robust in 2015.'
p3
aS"Ingles Markets, Incorporated Reports Sales and Net Income for First Quarter ... Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2017 ASHEVILLE, N.C.----Ingles Markets, Incorporated  today reported higher sales and net income for the three months ended December 24, 2016, compared with the three months ended December 26, 2015.Ingles boosts sales, earnings in Q1 - Supermarket NewsIngles 'Off to a Good Start' in Q1 - Progressive Grocer"
p4
aS'Ingles: Unsung Hero Of The Grocery Sector Seeking Alpha  - Oct 2, 2014 Ingles Markets Incorporated is smaller regional super market chain operating in the southeast. Founded by Elmer Ingle and now run by his grandson Bob, the company has been in operation for more than 50 years and growing the entire time.'
p5
aS'Ingles Markets, Incorporated  Given Average Recommendation of Strong ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Ingles Markets, logo Shares of Ingles Markets, Incorporated  have been assigned an average broker rating score of 1.00  from the one analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Ingles Markets, Incorporated Realized Volatility Hits A Substantially Lowered ... - CML News'
p6
aS'Ingles: Grocery Chain + Real Estate Investor = Grocer-REIT Seeking Alpha  - Feb 5, 2015 Ingles is an innovative, largely family-owned, grocery retailer operating in NC and surrounding states. The grocer has delivered 50 years of consecutive record sales and is poised for growth over the next three years.'
p7
aS"Ingles Markets, Incorporated Announces Executive Changes Business Wire  - Mar 25, 2016 ASHEVILLE, N.C.----Ingles Markets, Incorporated  announced that effective today, Robert P. Ingle, II and the Company's Board of Directors appointed Jim Lanning as CEO/President of Ingles Markets, Inc. Mr. Lanning will&nbsp;...Lanning named Ingles president and CEO - Asheville Citizen-TimesIngles Names New CEO/President - Progressive Grocer"
p8
aS"Ingles Markets'  CEO Robert Ingle Discusses Q1 2015 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha  - Feb 6, 2015 Ingles Markets Incorporated does not undertake to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise."
p9
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: Ingles Markets, Incorporated  CML News - Mar 3, 2017 As we look at Ingles Markets, Incorporated we note that a short put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the short put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding&nbsp;...'
p10
a.