(lp0
S"Is Imperial Oil Limited Still Canada's Best Oil Stock? The Motley Fool Canada - Sep 13, 2016 In its investor presentation, Imperial Oil Limited  lists its numerous competitive advantages. These factors have allowed the company to average a return-on-capital rate of nearly 20%, clearly standing out in an industry of so-so ..."
p1
aS'This Analyst Thinks Imperial Oil Limited Has 60% Upside The Motley Fool Canada - Oct 27, 2016 On October 24 Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded Imperial Oil Limited  to outperform from neutral with a $50 price target .Credit Suisse Upgrades Imperial Oil To Outperform, Says Recent Rebalance ... - Benzinga'
p2
aS"Why I'd Wait to Buy Imperial Oil Limited The Motley Fool Canada - Jan 27, 2015 There's little doubt that Imperial Oil Limited  is one of the finest oil companies in Canada. Although Suncor Energy might give it a run for its money, the oil sands giant has a lot of positive things going for it."
p3
aS"Imperial Oil Limited Is Crushing Exxon Mobil Corporation: Here's How to Profit The Motley Fool Canada - Aug 8, 2016 For years shares of Imperial Oil Limited  have crushed those of Exxon Mobil Corporation . While both are major oil companies and are actually partners on many projects, Imperial has shown a consistent and meaningful&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Is Imperial Oil Limited Still the Safest Oil Stock? The Motley Fool Canada - Jul 14, 2016 Despite operating one of Canada's largest oil and gas businesses, Imperial Oil Limited  hardly blinked during the latest industry downturn."
p5
aS'Is Imperial Oil Limited the Next Exxon Mobil Corporation? The Motley Fool Canada - Apr 26, 2016 With a market cap of $34 billion and only $8 billion in debt, Imperial Oil Limited  is one of the better capitalized companies in the oil and gas industry.'
p6
aS'Imperial Oil Limited Is Ready to Pounce The Motley Fool Canada - Jan 22, 2016 But Imperial Oil Limited  has held up remarkably well. There are a couple of reasons for this. First of ... But remember, a similar argument could have been made last year when oil was at US$50. Imperial stayed on the sidelines then ...'
p7
aS"Imperial Oil Limited Actually Wants to Build Another Oil Sands Project The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 15, 2016 Canada's oil industry has been hit harder than most during the downturn because many of its development projects are much higher cost than those of the rest of the world."
p8
aS"What Should You Do With Imperial Oil Limited After its Q4 Miss? The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 3, 2016 Imperial Oil Limited , one of the world's largest integrated oil and gas companies, announced weaker-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings results on the morning of February 2, and its stock has responded by making a slight move&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'How Exxon Mobil Corporation Is Helping Imperial Oil Limited The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 18, 2016 In a frantic search for financing amid low oil prices, most Canadian energy producers have been plagued by asset divestitures, cost cutting, equity raises, and dividend cuts.'
p10
a.