(lp0
S"Intel Corporation Is Losing Focus Motley Fool - 15 hours ago On March 13, Intel  announced that it would be paying $15.3 billion for computer vision specialist Mobileye .Intel Corporation 's Acquisition Of Mobileye NV (NYSE:MBLY ... - Journal Transcript"
p1
aS"Intel Corporation's Three Paths to Double-Digit Data-Center Growth Motley Fool - 19 hours ago The company says that it reduced its long-term forecast for a couple of reasons. Firstly, it significantly lowered its expectations around the enterprise-server processor market."
p2
aS"Samsung Might Deal Crushing Blow to Intel Corporation's Manufacturing Organization Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 It has routinely asserted superior manufacturing technology density relative to its peers, and last year Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said at the 2016 stockholder meeting that he expected the company to maintain a sizable lead in the performance of its&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Jefferies Downgrades Intel Corporation For Chasing New Markets ValueWalk - Mar 14, 2017 Is Intel losing its edge in the data center market? In a surprising development, the chip maker is acquiring Israeli tech company Mobileye, which makes camera sensors and software for driverless cars. The chip maker is set to shell out more than $15 ...IT'S OFFICIAL: Intel is buying the autonomous-driving company Mobileye for $15 ... - Business Insider"
p4
aS"Is Intel Corporation Taking Graphics More Seriously Now? Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 At Intel, he's now director of product architecture within the company's Visual and Parallel Computing Group .Better Buy: Qualcomm Inc. vs. Intel Corporation - Bloomington PantagraphHow Intel Corporation's Execution Issues Have Helped Qualcomm, Inc. - Madison.com"
p5
aS'Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their Intel Corporation ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 The new research portal will provide visitors with unparalleled access to company research on Intel Corporation, alongside comprehensive market research on their position within the global telecommunications and computing industry.'
p6
aS"Intel's Self-Driving Car Bet Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 We invest with a margin of safety by buying securities at discounts to their intrinsic value and unlocking that value through corporate events. To maximize returns for our investors, we reserve the right to make investment decisions regarding any ..."
p7
aS"Are Intel Corporation's Gross Margins Above Data Center Chip Industry Average? Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 Today, Intel  is the overwhelmingly dominant vendor of processors that power enterprise and cloud servers, with market share in both that's believed to be north of 90%."
p8
aS"Why Intel Corporation Is Unlikely to Lose the Apple Inc. Mac Anytime Soon Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Hypotheses range from Apple's designing its own chip for the Mac to speculation that Apple will use chips from alternative processor vendors."
p9
aS"Intel Corporation Expresses Doubt About 10-Nano Ramp Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Notice that Renduchintala didn't use the word &quot;when&quot; but &quot;if,&quot; signaling doubt that the company will manage to launch the product as expected."
p10
a.