(lp0
S"Why IPG Photonics Corp. Stock Slumped Today Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2016 What: Shares of IPG Photonics  tumbled on Thursday following the company's first-quarter earnings report. IPG Photonics missed analyst estimates for both revenue and EPS, sending the stock down about 16.5% by 11 a.m. ET. So what: IPG&nbsp;...IPG Photonics to Host 2016 Investor Day - Business Wire "
p1
aS"IPG Photonics  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 These risks and uncertainties include those detailed in IPG Photonics' Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and other reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.IPG Photonics Appoints Dr. Eugene Scherbakov as Chief Operating Officer - Yahoo FinanceAnalyst Upgrades  IPG Photonics Corporation  Stock Gets Upgraded ... - Market Exclusive"
p2
aS"Small Cap Low-Risk Pick No. 2: IPG Photonics Corp. Motley Fool - Apr 8, 2016 In this clip from the Rule Breaker Investing podcast, Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner explains why he's so excited about investing in IPG Photonics, how it's performed over the past several years, and one point of caution that potential investors ..."
p3
aS'IPG Photonics : Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions Yahoo Finance - Feb 17, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is IPG Photonics Corporation IPGP. This is because this security in the Lasers Systems and Components space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great ...'
p4
aS"IPG Photonics  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 28, 2016 These risks and uncertainties include those detailed in IPG Photonics' Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and other reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Why Shares of IPG Photonics Soared Today - Motley Fool"
p5
aS'IPG Photonics  Lifts Q4 Outlook StreetInsider.com - Jan 30, 2017 IPG Photonics Corporation  today reported preliminary financial results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2016.IPG Photonics Corporation 5.4% Potential Upside Now Implied by Needham - DirectorsTalk InterviewsThe Benchmark Company Just Issued Buy Rating on IPG Photonics Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p6
aS"Why IPG Photonics Corporation  Delivered An Inferior ROE Compared To The ... Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 IPG Photonics Corporation's  18.5% ROE over the past year fell short of the performance averaged by the industry, which delivered 24.15% ROE in the same period.IPG Photonics Corporation  Given Consensus Rating of Buy by Brokerages - Sports PerspectivesBullish Sweepers and Large Money Flow Witnessed in IPG Photonics Corporation ... - Highland Mirror"
p7
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in IPG Photonics Corporation  CML News - 12 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in IPG Photonics Corporation and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases.IPG Photonics Corporation  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal StandardIs IPG Photonics Corporation  a Stock To Hold For The Long Haul? - Aiken Advocate"
p8
aS"IPG Photonics Trading At 'Significant Discount' To Historical Value, Says ... Benzinga - Jul 20, 2016 &quot;While we expect further significant revisions to estimates to be behind the company with guidance for this year having already been reduced significantly from 'teens' revenue growth to the current 510 percent level, IPGP stock is currently trading at ..."
p9
aS'The True Value Of IPG Photonics Seeking Alpha - Jun 1, 2016 I knew about IPG Photonics  from Seeking Alpha Pro articles, all of them were the same. Buy Buy Buy. So I looked into IPGs reports and it really amazed me.'
p10
a.