(lp0
S"Inland Real Estate to be acquired in $2.3 billion deal Crain's Chicago Business - Dec 15, 2015 Inland Real Estate Corp. agreed to be bought in a deal worth about $2.3 billion. Oak Brook-based Inland, a public company, will become a privately held real estate investment trust after the acquisition by funds advised by DRA Advisors, an investment ...Inland Real Estate to Be Bought for $1.07 Billion in Cash - BloombergInland Real Estate Corporation Enters into Definitive Agreement to be Acquired ... - Business Wire "
p1
aS'Funds Managed by DRA Advisors LLC Complete Acquisition of Inland Real Estate ... Business Wire  - Mar 30, 2016 OAK BROOK, Ill.----Inland Real Estate Corporation   today announced that funds managed by DRA Advisors LLC  have completed their acquisition  of the Company, which going&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Inland Real Estate Corporation changes name to IRC Retail Centers REjournals.com - Apr 1, 2016 Inland Real Estate Corporation announced the firm has rebranded and is now IRC Retail Centers Inc. The name change coincides with the acquisition of Inland Real Estate Corporation by funds managed by DRA Advisors LLC. The newly launched IRC Retail&nbsp;...DRA Advisors Completes Merger with Inland - Commercial Property Executive'
p3
aS'Inland Real Estate Corporation is Now IRC Retail Centers Business Wire  - Mar 31, 2016 OAK BROOK, Ill.----IRC Retail Centers Inc. unveiled a new brand identity following the announcement of its name change from Inland Real Estate Corporation. The name change coincides with the acquisition of Inland Real Estate&nbsp;...DRA Advisors completes acquisition of Inland Real Estate - Chicago Daily Herald'
p4
aS'Stocks With Monthly Dividends 2014: Inland Real Estate Corporation Motley Fool - Oct 29, 2014 As I mentioned, Inland Real Estate is an REIT that specializes in shopping centers. As of this writing, the company has 135 properties worth about $2.9 billion with a total of about 15 million square feet of leasable space.'
p5
aS'Inland Real Estate Corporation Stockholders Approve Acquisition by Funds ... Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2016 OAK BROOK, Ill.----Inland Real Estate Corporation   announced that its common stockholders approved at a special meeting held today, the merger between the Company and Midwest Retail&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation eliminates transaction fees on its ... InvestmentNews - Aug 9, 2016 In a move that could save investors millions of dollars, Inland Real Estate Investment Corp. said on Tuesday it was eliminating all real estate-related transaction fees for its current and future nontraded real estate investment trusts.'
p7
aS'Inland Real Estate Corporation Announces Tax Allocation of 2015 Cash Distributions Business Wire  - Jan 19, 2016 Inland Real Estate Corporation currently pays a cash dividend of $0.169271 per share on a monthly basis to stockholders of its 8.125% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock.'
p8
aS'Inland Real Estate Investment sets deal with Sound Point Chicago Daily Herald - Jan 4, 2017 OAK BROOK -- Inland Real Estate Investment Corp. announced a strategic relationship with Sound Point Capital Management, an alternative credit strategies firm.'
p9
aS"Inland Real Estate Corporation Acquires Shopping Center in Chicago Metro Area Business Wire  - Oct 6, 2014 OAK BROOK, Ill.----Inland Real Estate Corporation , a leading real estate investment trust that owns and operates high quality, necessity and value-based retail centers in select markets primarily within the Central United ...Inland Real Estate pays $25 million for Frankfort shopping center - Crain's Chicago Business"
p10
a.