(lp0
S'Vgenopoulos indicted in Greece Cyprus Mail - Oct 6, 2016 Criminal charges were filed against Greek financier and former Laiki Bank strongman Andreas Vgenopoulos on Thursday by prosecutors in Greece, over the lending of up to 200 million from Laiki to the IRF European Finance Investments, an investment&nbsp;...Angeliki Frangou implicated in alleged money laundering scheme - Splash 247'
p1
aS'Connecticut Maritime Association names Angeliki Frangou as its next Commodore Marine Log - Dec 6, 2010 Ms. Frangou is the Chairman of IRF European Finance Investments Ltd., listed on the SFM of the London Stock Exchange. Ms. Frangou is the Vice Chairman of the Mediterranean Committee of the China Classification Society and member of the Hellenic and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"CEO profile: Navios Holdings' Angeliki Frangou helps NM and NMM Market Realist - Dec 23, 2013 Frangou is the Chairman of IRF European Finance Investments Ltd., listed on the SFM of the London Stock Exchange. As of September 2012, Frangou is also serving as a board member of Eurobank Ergasias S.A."
p3
aS'Infineon to buy International Rectifier for $3bn Financial Times - Aug 20, 2014 Mr Ploss became chief executive in 2012 and told investors last year the company was scanning the market for possible targets.Infineon to Buy International Rectifier for $3 Billion - BloombergAcquisition of International Rectifier Corporation  by Infineon ... - GlobeNewswire '
p4
aS'Payment Services Directive and Interchange fees Regulation: frequently asked ... EU News - Jul 24, 2013 The Payment Services Directive , adopted in 2007, has brought substantial benefits to the European economy in easing market entry for new actors, namely payment institutions, thereby increasing competition and offering more payment choices to ...'
p5
aS'Marfin facing felony charges over loan to Frangrou controlled investment firm Seatrade Maritime News - Oct 10, 2016 The chairman of Marfin Investment Group , Andreas Vgenopoulos and 14 Marfin Popular Bank executives are facing felony charges in connection to a loan allegedly granted to investment firm IRF owned by Greek shipowner Angeliki Frangou.'
p6
aS"Innovative financing mechanisms for sustainable roads funding World Highways - Aug 3, 2016 The increase in road users will boost spending in Latin America and Middle East markets too, while Africa's road investments will remain limited . The weight of Western Europe  and North America  is becoming less important,&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Building Georgia's transport connections to its neighbours World Highways - Oct 30, 2016 EWH carries over 60% of Georgia's total foreign trade and is seen as central in the government's strategy: transform Georgia into a transport and logistics hub for trade between Central Asia and the Far East on the one and Turkey and Europe on the ..."
p8
aS'CECE Summit  is Europe ready for a digital construction worksite? World Highways - Dec 10, 2015 Also, EU programmes, such as the European Investment Plan, should support competitiveness and the uptake of innovation in construction.'
p9
aS"UK's M6 tolled motorway for sale World Highways - Jun 21, 2016 Australian Securities Exchange-listed Macquarie Atlas Roads owns 100% of the ordinary equity in Peregrine Motorways Limited, the parent company of MEL. Following the successful 2013 debt restructuring, virtually the entire economic interest in PML is ..."
p10
a.