(lp0
S'Stock Returns: GeoPark Limited  is Beating Isramco Inc  CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for GeoPark Limited  versus Isramco Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p1
aS"Isramco Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on February 14 Session Equities.com - Feb 14, 2017 Shares of Isramco Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open. The company's stock fell to as low as $0.00 yesterday after opening at $0.00."
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Isramco Inc  versus SandRidge Permian Trust  CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Isramco Inc  versus SandRidge Permian Trust  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Isramco Inc  is Beating Sabine Royalty Trust (NYSE ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Isramco Inc  versus Sabine Royalty Trust  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Isramco Inc  is Beating Panhandle Oil and Gas Inc ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Isramco Inc  versus Panhandle Oil and Gas Inc  .'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Dorchester Minerals, LP  versus Isramco Inc ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Dorchester Minerals, L.P.  versus Isramco Inc  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Isramco Inc  versus Legacy Reserves LP  CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Isramco Inc  versus Legacy Reserves LP  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Abraxas Petroleum Corporation  versus Isramco Inc ... CML News - Mar 9, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Abraxas Petroleum Corporation  versus Isramco Inc  .'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Isramco Inc  is Beating EXCO Resources Inc  CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Isramco Inc  versus EXCO Resources Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Isramco Inc  versus Sanchez Energy Corporation ... CML News - Mar 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Isramco Inc  versus Sanchez Energy Corporation  .'
p10
a.