(lp0
S'Johnson &amp; Johnson to cut 400 jobs in Scotland Financial Times - Mar 9, 2017 Johnson &amp; Johnson plans to close a Scottish surgical suture factory with the loss of about 400 jobs as part of a global restructuring of its medical devices unit.Johnson &amp; Johnson move to close Livingston plant puts 400 jobs at risk - Scottish Daily RecordUp to 400 jobs at risk at Johnson &amp; Johnson plant in Livingston - Express.co.uk'
p1
aS'Johnson &amp; Johnson announces Africa Innovation Challenge winners Ventureburn - 23 hours ago Healthcare company, Johnson &amp; Johnson has announced the three winners of the Africa Innovation Challenge at the Global Entrepreneurship congress, which took place in Johannesburg.Johnson &amp; Johnson  Hires Winners of First Africa Innovation ... - Seneca Globe'
p2
aS"This article highlights why one ought to be wary of short-term thinking. Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 The stock doesn't know you bought it and suddenly now have expectations. In the long run things will more or less work out, but there's no requirement that the results have to formulate on your schedule."
p3
aS"Johnson &amp; Johnson Names Winners of First Africa Innovation Challenge PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 CAPE TOWN, South Africa, March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson &amp; Johnson  today named the winners of the first Africa Innovation Challenge at the Global Entrepreneurship Congress.Johnson &amp; Johnson's Consumer Segment - Market Realist"
p4
aS'The 3 Most Important Numbers for Johnson &amp; Johnson Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 From adjusted earnings to Zyrtec sales, the healthcare giant generates a massive volume of statistics in managing its global operations.'
p5
aS"Johnson &amp; Johnson's  Management Presents at Barclays Global Healthcare ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 And today we have Johnson &amp; Johnson, and speaking on behalf of Johnson &amp; Johnson is Group Chairman for Pharmaceuticals for the Americas, Jennifer Taubert, welcome; and also Joe Wolk from the Investor Relations teams."
p6
aS'The Lawsuits Keep Coming for Johnson &amp; Johnson Bloomberg - Mar 9, 2017 Johnson &amp; Johnson was hit with six of the seven largest product-defect verdicts of 2016, and 2017 could also wind up costing the company hundreds of millions of dollars, if not more.'
p7
aS"Johnson &amp; Johnson lifts lid on drug pricing data, shows 3.5% net hike in 2016 CNBC - Feb 27, 2017 Johnson &amp; Johnson, the world's largest health-care company, issued a new report Monday detailing data on its medicines' price increases.Johnson &amp; Johnson Is Dialing Down Crazy Drug Price Hikes - FortuneJohnson &amp; Johnson Transparency Report Shows 3.5% Increase in Drug Prices - TheStreet.com"
p8
aS"Johnson &amp; Johnson pursues empathy in an age of 'anxiety and mistrust' CampaignLive - Feb 27, 2017 In order to address the issues of sleep Johnson &amp; Johnson developed a &quot;clinically proven routine&quot; to help babies sleep better, which includes practices such as giving the baby a warm bath."
p9
aS"Johnson &amp; Johnson Prescription Unit List Prices Rose 8.5% Last Year Wall Street Journal  - Feb 27, 2017 Johnson &amp; Johnson said it raised the list price of its prescription medicines by an average of 8.5% last yearand 3.5% after discountsin the health-products company's first effort to address criticism about the high cost of medicines by opening up ..."
p10
a.