(lp0
S"Krispy Kreme is launching a special Mother's Day box of doughnuts Metro - Mar 7, 2017 Yes, you could make an effort and actually make your mum some doughnuts to show her how much you appreciate her, but let's be real: we're all incredibly lazy and can't quite be bothered.Krispy Kreme Doughnuts to open outlet at Gracechurch Centre in Sutton Coldfield - Sutton Coldfield ObserverKrispy Kreme to open Sutton Coldfield store and here's how to get free doughnuts - Birmingham Mail"
p1
aS"Eagerly anticipated Krispy Kreme store opens at Sutton Coldfield's Gracechurch ... Sutton Coldfield Observer - Mar 14, 2017 DOUGHNUT fans flocked to a Sutton Coldfield shopping centre as the popular global confectionary store lifted the kid on its latest outlet.Krispy Kreme Doughnuts celebrates St. Patrick's Day with Green O'riginal ... - EPR Retail News "
p2
aS'The raspberry filling in your Krispy Kreme doughnut might not actually be ... Metro - Nov 15, 2016 And the strawberries in your strawberries &amp; kreme doughnut might not actually be strawberries. Noticing a pattern yet? An awful, deeply upsetting pattern?Krispy Kreme Has Been Lying To Us, Lawsuit Claims - BuzzFeed NewsKrispy Kreme sued over false advertising of fruit, maple doughnut ingredients - Fox News'
p3
aS"Here's how to get free Krispy Kreme doughnuts in January Manchester Evening News - Jan 5, 2017 From Monday January 9 until Tuesday January 31, the company are giving away a FREE box of twelve Original Glazed Krispy Kreme doughnuts with every box of twelve assorted doughnuts bought. The deal is available in store and via click and collect online&nbsp;...Don't miss out on free doughnuts at Krispy Kreme this month - Bath ChronicleHow to get 12 free Krispy Kreme doughnuts this month - Liverpool Echo"
p4
aS"Krispy Kreme Doughnuts bought by coffee giant for $1.32bn The Independent - May 9, 2016 Among JAB's most recent acquisitions are coffee companies like Peet's Coffee &amp; Tea, Stumptown Coffee Roasters, and the mainstay of single-serve office coffee, Keurig Green Mountain.Donut with your coffee? Krispy Kreme sold to Keurig and Stumptown owner - The Guardian"
p5
aS"Krispy Kreme-lin: Trump and Schumer trade tweets over Putin doughnut photo The Guardian - Mar 3, 2017 That was Donald Trump's advice to the American people on Friday as he sought to fight back against a fresh avalanche of allegations about his ties to Russia.More to chew on in Russia saga  as Trump tears into Schumer for meeting with ... - Daily MailHere's what's actually happening in that photo of Schumer and Putin - USA TODAY"
p6
aS"Krispy Kreme is opening a hole in the wall which dispenses Nutella doughnuts Metro - May 5, 2016 It's like an ATM machine but with doughnuts instead. Or, if you prefer, a Krispy Kreme vending machine. The tiny pop-up, which will be located in Holborn, London, will give people a chance to taste the new doughnut - called the Nutty Chocolatta ...May cause side effects! Krispy Kreme's new Nutella Doughnut is so good 'people ... - Daily Mail"
p7
aS"Man arrested when officer mistakes Krispy Kreme doughnut glaze for meth The Independent - Jul 30, 2016 It wasn't the first time someone claimed a Krispy Kreme doughnut was a type of drug. But the joke wasn't funny for a Florida man who was arrested when an officer mistook doughnut glaze for methamphetamine.US police mistake icing from Krispy Kreme doughnuts for crystal meth - The Guardian"
p8
aS'Krispy Kreme customers shocked when giant RAT leaps through car park with a ... The Sun - Nov 29, 2016 The video, which was taken on her mobile phone, shows the rat speed under a Krispy Kreme bin. It is then seen leaping across the car park again and again with the doughnut in its mouth. Emma said: &quot;It had to jump because the doughnut was that big. It ...'
p9
aS"Get free Krispy Kreme donuts this January Essex Live - Jan 9, 2017 We could all do with a treat in dull old January and now you can get a sugar hit in Essex. Well, the kind people at Krispy Kreme have come up with an offer you can't refuse. Every customer is entitled to a free box of 12 original glazed donuts when you ...How to get FREE Krispy Kreme doughnuts in Birmingham - Birmingham MailKrispy Kreme offering FREE doughnuts this January - and here's how to get them - Coventry Telegraph"
p10
a.