(lp0
S'What Makes Kosmos Energy  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Kosmos Energy Ltd. KOS, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p1
aS"BP strikes west African gas deal with Kosmos Energy Financial Times - Dec 19, 2016 Whereas Saturday's Abu Dhabi investment promised to refresh BP's oil reserves, the Kosmos deal was in keeping with the group's increasing focus on gas.Kosmos Energy Ltd. Surges on BP plc Partnership - Motley Fool"
p2
aS'Deals this week: BP, Total, Kosmos Energy Offshore Technology - Jan 6, 2017 BP has agreed to buy working interests in exploration licences from Kosmos Energy Ltd for sites in offshore Mauritania and Senegal.'
p3
aS'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Kosmos Energy Ltd  to Hold BNB Daily  - Mar 15, 2017 Kosmos Energy Ltd  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.Notable movements of Stock: Kosmos Energy Ltd.  - Is storiesThe Royal Bank of Canada Trims Kosmos Energy Ltd  Target Price to $9.00 - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Commit To Purchase Kosmos Energy At $5, Earn 12.4% Annualized Using Options Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Kosmos Energy Ltd  shares, but tentative about paying the going market price of $6.00/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p5
aS'Should You Buy Kosmos Energy  Ahead of Earnings? Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Kosmos Energy Ltd. KOS may be one such company.'
p6
aS"Kosmos Energy Ltd.: Kosmos Energy Completes Transaction with BP in Senegal The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 23, 2017 Andrew G. Inglis, Kosmos Energy's chairman and chief executive officer, said: 'With the transaction now complete, Kosmos looks forward to working with the Government of Senegal and partners to move ahead with the next stage of our work program&nbsp;...Forward Earnings Estimate of Kosmos Energy Ltd. - Highland MirrorWhat is the Fate of Kosmos Energy Ltd.  After Earnings? - FactsReporter"
p7
aS'Kosmos Energy Ltd. Realized Volatility Hits A Substantially Lowered Level CML News - 13 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Kosmos Energy Ltd.  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day and ...'
p8
aS'Kosmos Energy Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Kosmos Energy Ltd.   announced today financial and operating results for the fourth quarter of 2016. For the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company generated a net loss of $56.7 million, or $0.15 per diluted share as compared to net income ...KOSMOS ENERGY LTD.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial ... - Market ExclusiveKosmos Energy Ltd. Price Volatility Hits An Inflection Point - CML News'
p9
aS'Watching the Levels: Kosmos Energy Ltd.  Sherwood Daily - 16 hours ago Kosmos Energy Ltd.  has a current Value Composite Score of 76. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or overvalued company.'
p10
a.