(lp0
S'Left for Dead, LINN Energy LLC is Starting to Show Signs of Life Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2016 Units of LINN Energy  were eviscerated last month after it appeared to be throwing in the towel by maxing out its credit facility and announcing it was exploring &quot;strategic alternatives&quot; relating to its capital structure.I Was Wrong About Linn Energy - Seeking AlphaMLP Investors Face Tax Hit On Top of Big Losses - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS'Linn Energy: Time To Sell Or Exchange The Units Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2016 Linn appears to be headed to a restructuring that will leave its common units and common shares worthless. Linn needs to eliminate around $5 billion in debt to get leverage down to a reasonable level for $70 oil and $3.50 natural gas.'
p2
aS"Important Issue Regarding Linn Energy's Bankruptcy Seeking Alpha - Jun 6, 2016 Linn Energy LLC , which now trades using LINEQ, and LinnCo LLC  filed to bankruptcy to enable a restructuring of its excessive debt."
p3
aS'Linn Energy Filed An Amended Reorganization Plan And Disclosure Statement ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 5, 2016 Linn Energy LLC  filed an amended reorganization plan and amended disclosure statement  on December 3. The changes impact noteholders, but equity holders are still not getting any recovery.'
p4
aS'LINN Energy Successfully Completes Financial Restructuring GlobeNewswire  - Feb 28, 2017 HOUSTON, Feb. 28, 2017  -- LINN Energy, Inc., the reorganized successor to LINN Energy, LLC, and its affiliated entities , today announced that it has emerged from Chapter 11 restructuring.Linn Energy emerges from bankruptcy, explores asset sales - Houston Business Journal'
p5
aS'Ignore Linn Energy, LLC: Here Are 4 Better Stocks Motley Fool - May 2, 2016 Linn Energy, LLC  looks to be careening toward bankruptcy. Owning just about any company that can afford to pay its bills would be a better option right now.'
p6
aS'Linn Energy: Bankruptcy Blowout Seeking Alpha - May 13, 2016 If you are a Linn Energy, LLC  unitholder, you have gotten a front seat to a real spectacle: Linn Energy was flying high when times were good and energy prices supported aggressive growth in the shale oil and gas sector.Linn Energy Files for Bankruptcy - Wall Street JournalLinn Energy Files for Bankruptcy With Creditor Deal in Hand - Bloomberg'
p7
aS'Linn Energy emerges from Chapter 11 Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 The new Linn is moving from an upstream MLP to a growth-oriented E&amp;P company, and Berry Petroleum will operate as a stand-alone company.Linn Emerging from Bankruptcy Sans Berry, With Onshore Assets For Sale - Natural Gas Intelligence'
p8
aS"Linn Energy: Buying Time Seeking Alpha - Apr 15, 2016 Linn Energy barely avoids a default by making $60M in interest payments on its senior notes before the 30-day grace period ended on April 15.Bankruptcy Buzz Doesn't Stop Linn Energy LLC  Traders - Schaeffers Research LINN Energy Announces Payment of Interest Due Under Certain Senior Notes ... - GlobeNewswire "
p9
aS'Linn Energy Exchange Offer Implications: Just The Facts Seeking Alpha - Apr 24, 2016 Monday April 25th at midnight is the deadline for Linn Energy unitholders to exchange Linn units for LinnCo shares. The choice is not an easy one for present unitholders.'
p10
a.