(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Old National Bancorp  is Beating Lakeland Financial ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Lakeland Financial Corporation  versus Old National Bancorp  .Basic Consolidated EPS Of Lakeland Financial Corporation  At $2.0787 - Equities Focus'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Lakeland Financial Corporation  is Beating Sun ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Lakeland Financial Corporation  versus Sun Bancorp Inc  .Lakeland Financial Corporation  Dividend Disbursement At $0.19 - Equities FocusAverage Price Target Of 46.83 Issued For Lakeland Financial Corporation ... - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Lakeland Financial Corporation  versus NBT Bancorp ... CML News - Feb 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Lakeland Financial Corporation  versus NBT Bancorp Inc  .Lakeland Financial Corporation  EVP Michael E. Gavin Sells 1678 Shares - BNB Daily '
p3
aS'Stock Returns: First Financial Bancorp.  versus Lakeland ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Financial Bancorp.  versus Lakeland Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Lakeland Financial Corporation  EPS Projection At $0.5667 - RealistInvestor.comFIG Partners Brokers Increase Earnings Estimates for Lakeland Financial Corp ... - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Lakeland Financial Corporation  Stock Technicals at Critical ... CML News - Feb 12, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Lakeland Financial Corporation  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p5
aS'Price Target Of Lakeland Financial Corporation At $41 Transcript Daily - Feb 27, 2017 There are 3 brokerages that have approved securities rating on Lakeland Financial Corporation  within the last year.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Lakeland Financial Corporation  is Beating TCF ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Lakeland Financial Corporation  versus TCF Financial Corporation  .'
p7
aS'The Growth Forecast For Lakeland Financial Corporation  RealistInvestor.com - Feb 8, 2017 Wall Street renowned brokerages following Lakeland Financial Corporation  have now given a mean price target of $41 on its stock.'
p8
aS'Do Research Analysts Expect the Needle to Move For Lakeland Financial ... Winfield Review - 17 hours ago Investors may be focused on tracking the latest sentiment on shares of Lakeland Financial Corporation . In addition to monitoring Wall Street analyst views, investors may also be examining crowd sourced data provided by individuals who&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Lakeland Financial Corporation  EPS Expected At $0.53 Markets Daily - Feb 20, 2017 Sell-side brokers posted that they are anticipating Lakeland Financial Corporation  will post EPS of $0.53. This figure was released after accounting study of numerous analysts.'
p10
a.