(lp0
S'Why Shares of Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. Popped 13% in February Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Fourth-quarter 2016 revenue was up 4.3% versus a year ago to $245 million, and gross margin improved from 23% to 32.9% over the same time frame.Lumber Liquidators: A Decent Recovery Is Already Priced In - Seeking Alpha'
p1
aS"Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. Stock Up 17% After Earnings: Here's What You ... Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 Shares of hardwood flooring specialty retailer Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  were up 16.8% at market close on Feb. 21, following the release of the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 results today.Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc  Stock Soars on Q4 Earnings Beat - Investorplace.comLumber Liquidators shares soar as scandal starts to fade - USA TODAY"
p2
aS"Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. Stock Up 14% on Favorable Ruling: Here's What ... Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2016 The issue at hand for Lumber Liquidators is tied to Chinese-made laminate flooring the company sold in prior years. Many kinds of laminate products, including laminate flooring as sold by many flooring retailers including Lumber Liquidators, as well as ...Lumber Liquidators Wins Ruling Cancer Risk Warning Suffices - Bloomberg"
p3
aS'Lumber Liquidators Making Progress, but Not Out of the Woods Yet Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2017 When beleaguered specialty flooring retailer Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  reported earnings on Feb. 21, the market seemed quite pleased, sending shares up almost 17% on the day.Whitney Tilson and the Saga of Lumber Liquidators - Yahoo Finance'
p4
aS"Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc Saw Sales Recover, but Big Losses Continue ... Motley Fool - Nov 2, 2016 For the first time in six quarters, Lumber Liquidators reported comparable customer growth. Image source: Lumber Liquidators. It's been a tough couple of years for Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc . And one would think that finally returning ...Lumber Liquidators Continues To Come Up Short - Seeking AlphaSales at Lumber Liquidators grew for the first time in 6 quarters - Business Insider"
p5
aS'Why Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. Stock Rose 24.8% in September Motley Fool - Oct 11, 2016 Shares of Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  jumped 24.8% in the month of September, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, following reports the hardwood flooring retailer could be the subject of takeover interest.'
p6
aS'Why Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. Stock Popped 17.7% in June Motley Fool - Jul 12, 2016 What: Shares of Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  rose 17.7% in June, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, with the majority of its gains coming after receiving a positive decision from the Consumer Product Safety Commission&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Why Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. Tumbled 18% on Tuesday Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 What: Shares of flooring retailer Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  fell as much as 18% in early trading Tuesday after the company reported first-quarter earnings.Lumber Liquidators Could Actually Be A $0 - Seeking AlphaLumber Liquidators Holdings Inc Plunges After Earnings, Allergan plc Rises - ValueWalk'
p8
aS'Why Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. Stock Dropped 21.1% in October Motley Fool - Nov 11, 2016 What happened. Shares of Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.  fell 21.1% in the month of October, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after specialty flooring retailer announced disappointing quarterly earnings.'
p9
aS'Bad Press, Legal Costs, Continue to Weigh on Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc Motley Fool - May 12, 2016 Beleaguered flooring retailer Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc  has had a very hard year-plus, and its first-quarter earnings report, released on May 10, indicates that the company has yet to turn the corner.Why Lumber Liquidators  Stock Fell After Q1 Results - Zacks.com'
p10
a.