(lp0
S'Liberty Media owner on track for more motorsport acquisitions Telegraph.co.uk - Mar 12, 2017 Liberty Media, the Nasdaq-listed investment company which owns Formula One, has revealed that it is considering buying a complementary motor sport to boost its returns.Liberty Media considers more F1 engine changes, return to traditional venues - AutoweekFormula One - Baku promoter hits back at Liberty Media criticism - Sportskeeda'
p1
aS"Ferrari gives up F1 stake in exchange for Liberty Media stock The Guardian - Mar 10, 2017 Ferrari has traded its entire stake in Formula One for an interest in the racing franchise's new owner, Liberty Media. The Italian luxury car company revealed in a regulatory filing that it sold its 0.25% stake in the top-ranked single-seat auto race ...Formula One makes commercial appointments - ReutersQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Liberty Media Co.  Series A Liberty Formula One ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"Liberty Media boss criticises NBC's Formula One TV rights deal and vows to ... The Drum - Mar 8, 2017 Liberty Media boss, Greg Maffei, has criticised the 'lowly sums' paid by US broadcasters such as NBC for the US TV rights to Formula One and indicated that it will look for a significant boost when the current deal expires at the end of 2017. The chief ...Liberty Media CEO Dismisses NBC Formula One Fee As A 'Popcorn Fart' - ForbesLiberty Media CEO Says He's Not Done Acquiring Assets - Hollywood Reporter"
p3
aS'Liberty Media Announces Closing of Refinancing of Portion of Formula 1 Debt Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 The transaction is net leverage neutral and the refinanced term loan remains non-recourse to Liberty Media. Liberty Media had previously announced that, concurrent with the financing, F1 intended to repay up to $300 million of the first lien term loan ...'
p4
aS'Formula 1 gossip: Bottas, Wolff, Ferrari, Red Bull, Boullier BBC Sport - Feb 27, 2017 Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas says the new regulations for 2017 could make the cars trickier to drive in windy conditions. .'
p5
aS"FIA: 'No conflict of interest' in sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media ITV News - Feb 16, 2017 The governing body of Formula 1 has hit back at &quot;clearly inaccurate&quot; and &quot;malicious&quot; claims that it suffered from a conflict of interest in its approval of the sale of the sport to an American media firm. The FIA's World Motor Sport Council unanimously ...Who Really Controls Liberty Media Corporation? - ForbesFIA denies conflict of interest in Liberty Media's F1 purchase - Autoweek"
p6
aS'Lewis Hamilton: Liberty Media Must Re-Energize Formula One Newsweek - Feb 23, 2017 Lewis Hamilton believes Formula One is outdated and must modernize under new owner Liberty Media. Hamilton, the three-times F1 world champion, echoed comments made by his father, Anthony, to Newsweek earlier in February that the sport may not be&nbsp;...&quot;Outdated&quot; Formula One has been left behind by other sports and needs to be ... - City A.M.Lewis Hamilton Says F1 Must Embrace Social Media - News18'
p7
aS"Sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media will not be investigated by EU autosport.com - Feb 28, 2017 The European Union competitions commission has rejected calls to investigate the sale of Formula 1 to new owner Liberty Media. Motorsport's governing body the FIA gave its approval for the sale last month, paving the way for the deal to be completed,&nbsp;...EU rejects calls to investigate sale of F1 - Eurosport.co.uk"
p8
aS'Formula One Takeover Threatened With Anti-Trust Investigation Forbes - Mar 1, 2017 Anti-trust regulator the European Commission  has corrected reports which wrongly claimed it had ruled out investigating the sale of Formula One auto racing to Liberty Media following accusations of a severe conflict of interest at the heart of ...2017 F1: European politician frustrated over F1 reporting - PaddockTalk'
p9
aS"Damon Hill: Liberty Media knows as much about Formula One as Donald Trump does ... City A.M. - Feb 16, 2017 Anybody wanting to do anything in Formula One is going to have to understand it in depth and it takes a few years to get your head around how people think in Formula One. I'm sure they're not naive, but sure they've never come across anything like ..."
p10
a.