(lp0
S'Lumos Networks Corp. Reports Full Year 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Lumos Networks Corp.  , a leading fiber-based service provider in the Mid-Atlantic region, today announced its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016.Lumos Networks Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 06 - Equities.comLumos Networks Corp.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS"Lumos Networks Enters into Definitive Agreement to be Acquired by EQT ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 20, 2017 Lumos Networks Corp.  , a leading fiber-based service provider in the Mid-Atlantic region, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement  to be acquired by the EQT Infrastructure investment&nbsp;...WEISSLAW LLP: Lumos Networks Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best ... - PR Newswire Lumos Networks +16% on EQT's all-cash buyout offer - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'Lumos Networks Corp.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 07 Equities.com - Feb 7, 2017 Lumos Networks Corp.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 07, as the stock gained 1.81% to close at $15.49. On the day, Lumos Networks Corp. saw 112,144 shares trade hands on 1,082 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'LUMOS NETWORKS CORP. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of Lumos Networks Corp.   concerning the sale to EQT Infrastructure. Under the terms of the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Upcoming/New CFIUS Filing: Affiliates of EQT Infrastructure and Lumos Networks ... The National Law Review - Feb 24, 2017 On February 20, 2017, Lumos Networks Corp., a leading fiber-based service provider in the Mid-Atlantic region, announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by an investment fund affiliated with EQT Infrastructure, a Swedish ...'
p5
aS'Lumos Networks: Strong Execution And Accretive Acquisition Continues To Drive ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 Data segment is growing at a healthy pace, with the benefits of scale and lower CapEx spending allowing margins to expand. Legacy revenue has declined slower than anticipated and continues to generate strong free cash flow.'
p6
aS"Have investors already priced in Lumos Networks Corp's  growth? Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 Lumos Networks Corp  is considered a high growth stock but its last closing price of $17.65 made some investors wonder if it can be still rationalized by the high growth potential.Lumos Networks Suspends Fourth Quarter of 2016 Earnings Call - Yahoo FinanceLumos Networks Corp.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 03 - Equities.com"
p7
aS'Lumos Networks Corp  Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 19 hours ago Lumos Networks Corp logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Lumos Networks Corp  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Friday morning.Lumos Networks Corp  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'Lumos Networks Closes on the Acquisition of DC74 Data Centers Business Wire  - Feb 1, 2017 BUSINESS WIRE)--Lumos Networks Corp.  , a leading fiber-based service provider in the mid-Atlantic region, announced today that it has simultaneously signed and closed a transaction to acquire Charlotte, North Carolina ...'
p9
aS'Lumos Networks Corp. Reports Second Quarter 2016 Results Business Wire  - Aug 3, 2016 WAYNESBORO, Va.----Lumos Networks Corp.  , a leading fiber-based service provider in the Mid-Atlantic region, today announced its second quarter of 2016 results.Lumos Networks Corp. - StreetInsider.com'
p10
a.