(lp0
S"Snyder's-Lance, Inc. to Present at 2017 CAGNY Conference GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 CHARLOTTE, N.C., Feb. 15, 2017  -- Snyder's-Lance, Inc. , today announced that the Company will present at the 2017 CAGNY Conference on Tuesday, February 21, 2017, at 4:15 p.m.Snyder's-Lance, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter &amp; Full Year 2016 Results - VendingMarketWatchFive achievements drive momentum at Snyder's-Lance - Food Business News "
p1
aS"Snyder's-Lance pushes farther into healthier snacks with investment in Denver ... Charlotte Business Journal - Feb 17, 2017 Snyder's-Lance Inc. is buying into a Denver-based company that makes natural and organic foods for customers. The Charlotte snack food maker  is investing in Natural Foodworks Group, which manufactures healthier foods and helps its&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 21, 2017 - Nasdaq"
p2
aS"Snyder's-Lance, Inc. Acquires Remaining Interest in Metcalfe's skinny Limited PR Newswire  - Sep 1, 2016 CHARLOTTE, N.C., Sept. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  today announced that the Company's Kettle Foods subsidiary completed the acquisition of Metcalfe's skinny Limited , by acquiring the remaining 74%&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance acquires outstanding interest in Metcalfe's Skinny - Seeking AlphaCharlotte-based Snyder's-Lance buys British popcorn maker - Charlotte Observer"
p3
aS"Stock Concentration on Shares of Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 12 hours ago Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  has a current Value Composite Score of 62. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would represent an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an expensive or overvalued company."
p4
aS"Snyder's-Lance Inc Realized Volatility Hits A Rock Bottom Low CML News - 13 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Snyder's-Lance Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day ..."
p5
aS"Snyder's-Lance Announces Rick Puckett to Retire as Executive Vice President ... PR Newswire  - May 26, 2016 CHARLOTTE, N.C., May 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  announced today that Rick Puckett, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will retire as CFO on December 31, 2016.CFO Moves: Boston Properties, Lagardere, Snyder's-Lance - Wall Street Journal Rick Puckett to retire as CFO of Snyder's-Lance Dec. 31 - Charlotte Observer"
p6
aS"Snyder's-Lance, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 13, 2017 *The results of operations of the Diamond of California culinary nut business have been treated as discontinued operations. All GAAP financial statement items for both current and prior periods exclude the results of Diamond of California.Three things learned from Snyder's-Lance 2016 earnings - Charlotte Business Journal"
p7
aS"Snyder's-Lance changing the way the world snacks with consumer-centric innovation PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 CHARLOTTE, N.C., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- America's growing desire for better snacks highlights the new products that leading snack maker Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  is introducing to store shelves nationwide this spring. The new&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance Inc  Upside Stock Technicals at Extreme Strength - CML News"
p8
aS"Snyder's-Lance: May Stay Busy Putting Off Fires Seeking Alpha - Oct 4, 2016 The company has an impressive collection of brands that have decent market share in their respective categories, but strong headwinds may limit gains for the shareholders."
p9
aS"More 'better for you' lines coming from Snyder's-Lance Central Penn Business Journal - 19 hours ago Because the well-known Central Pennsylvania brand will soon be applied to a line of crackers, part of a major move by parent company Snyder's-Lance Inc. to expand its &quot;better for you&quot; snacking options. Snyder's of Hanover's &quot;Wholey Cheese!&quot; gluten-free&nbsp;..."
p10
a.