(lp0
S'Corp Hosts Local Entrepreneurs Georgetown University The Hoya - Mar 15, 2017 To introduce Georgetown students to the intersection between food and entrepreneurship, Students of Georgetown, Inc. hosted Greg Menna and Jesse Konig, respective founders of local businesses District Donut and Swizzler, for the second installment of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Corporation Commission quashes bid to get APS donation records Arizona Daily Sun - Mar 14, 2017 Officially the vote of the Arizona Corporation Commission was to cut off the funds for the outside attorney they had previously authorized Bob Burns to hire.'
p2
aS"Muskegon Castings Corp. a 'total loss' after overnight fire WZZM13.com - 23 hours ago Investigators are trying to figure out what caused a fire at Muskegon Castings Corporation late Tuesday, March 14. The fire started in the ceiling around 10:30 p.m.Fire Destroys Muskegon Foundry That Serves Auto Industry - CBS Detroit"
p3
aS'Local Government Corp. OKs retail deal, pushes back baseball Amarillo.com - Feb 23, 2017 The Amarillo Local Government Corp. finalized a management agreement Wednesday with local real estate broker and developer Bob Garrett.'
p4
aS"BFC's nonprofit partner on Bedford-Union Armory project raises concerns The Real Deal Magazine - Mar 13, 2017 The nonprofit that BFC Partners selected to team up with on the Bedford-Union Armory redevelopment in Crown Heights is raising some concerns amid scrutiny.Nonprofit director's compensation raises questions - Crain's New York Business"
p5
aS'Citizen wants confidential data from PUC on Black Hills Corp. Watertown Public Opinion - Mar 11, 2017 Citizen wants confidential data from PUC on Black Hills Corp. 1 hr ago; 0. WPOweb_sdgov. prev. next. PIERRE - The state Public Utilities ... The matter involves a filing by Black Hills Corp. Richard Bell of Rapid City is intervening. Bell wants access ...'
p6
aS'TEC Corp acquires Service Unlimited Le Mars Daily Sentinel - Mar 9, 2017 SIOUX CITY - TEC Corp., the parent company of Thompson Electric, has acquired the assets of Service Unlimited Inc. of Ireton, an industrial controls and automation company.'
p7
aS'FNB completes conversion of Yadkin Bank, NewBridge branches Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 14, 2017 The red, white and blue signage of First National Bank - featuring a handshake - is up in the Triad, the most visible sign of the completed $1.4 billion sale of Yadkin Financial Corp. to F.N.B. Corp. The signage and software conversion were completed&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Primo Water reports net loss of $11.7 million Winston-Salem Journal - 6 hours ago Primo Water Corp. reported a net loss of $11.7 million for its fourth quarter in 2016, compared with net income of $44,000 for the same quarter in 2015.'
p9
aS'Local bank activity includes branch moves, stock offering Allentown Morning Call - 23 hours ago Lafayette Ambassador, which is a subsidiary of Fulton Financial Corp. in Lancaster, has 21 branches and 130 employees. With approximately $1.2 billion in deposits, it ranks fifth in market share in the region, according to the latest Federal Deposit ...'
p10
a.