(lp0
S"Apple Ditches Chipmaker's 'Goofed Up' IP Suit Law360  - Oct 17, 2014 Law360, San Francisco  -- A California federal judge on Thursday threw out chipmaker Logic Devices Inc.'s case accusing Apple Inc. of infringing a patent on data processing, saying it looked like Logic Devices had goofed&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Global DAC Market 2017 Analog Devices, Cirrus Logic, Diodes Incorporated ... HiTechReporter - Mar 14, 2017 Global DAC Market key Manufactures are Analog Devices, Cirrus Logic, Diodes Incorporated, Texas Instruments, STMicroelectronics, Microchip Technology.'
p2
aS'Industry-First 1800W Auto-Compliant Transient Voltage Suppressor Launched by ... Yahoo Finance UK - Mar 14, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the D28V0H1U2P5Q at ...'
p3
aS"World's First Automotive AEC-Q100 Grade 3 Packet Switches Introduced by Diodes ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the PI7C9X2G304SLQ and ..."
p4
aS'Automotive-Compliant Dual MOSFETs from Diodes Incorporated Minimize Power ... Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today ...'
p5
aS'Ultra-Low-Current LDO from Diodes Incorporated Handles Loads up to 150mA with ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the AP7350. This low dropout&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Cost-optimized FPGA packs 500K logic elements, slashes power consumption Electronics EETimes  - Feb 15, 2017 Cost-optimized FPGA packs 500K logic elements, slashes power consumption ... PolarFire FPGAs offer Cryptography Research Incorporated  patented differential power analysis  bitstream protection, integrated physically unclonable function (PUF ...'
p7
aS'DIODES INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Diodes Incorporated is a global manufacturer and supplier of application-specific standard products within the discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, serving the consumer electronics, computing, communications, industrial and ...'
p8
aS'Diodes Incorporated  Short Interest Update BNB Daily  - 2 hours ago Diodes Incorporated is a global manufacturer and supplier of application-specific standard products within the discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, serving the consumer electronics, computing, communications, industrial and ...'
p9
aS"Diodes Incorporated's Power Switcher with HV Transistor Improves Efficiency of ... Business Wire  - Feb 21, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today ...Diodes Incorporated  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - BNB Daily Diodes Incorporated  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Community Financial News"
p10
a.