(lp0
S'Why Liquidity Services, Inc. Rose 11% on Tuesday Motley Fool - Mar 29, 2016 Other than allowing Liquidity Services to drop that additional credit line, none of this was really game-changing. &quot;The company does not expect the termination of the Facility to have a material effect on its liquidity or financial position,&quot; according ...'
p1
aS"Why Liquidity Services Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Dec 2, 2016 Putting aside Liquidity Services' latest difficult quarterly report a few weeks ago, the timing is rather curious. Earlier this week, Liquidity Services issued a press release touting its annual &quot;Restock Tuesday&quot; event -- &quot;where retailers turn to ..."
p2
aS"Losses Mount at Liquidity Services as Business Challenges Continue Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Coming into Thursday's fiscal first-quarter financial report, Liquidity Services investors were braced for bigger losses despite a slight rise in revenue, and that's exactly what the company reported. Let's look more closely at Liquidity Services to ...Liquidity Services Inc.  Plunges 6.28% on February 09 - Equities.comLiquidity Services'  CEO Bill Angrick on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Liquidity Services: Up 50%, Still My Best Idea Seeking Alpha - Aug 5, 2016 But when I know I'm right, I'm not shy about communicating that - and I was pretty unapologetic on my bullishness on Liquidity Services  earlier this year. While I received ... This is the sort of situation where I shine, because the facts ..."
p4
aS'Why Liquidity Services, Inc. Stock Gained 12% Last Month Motley Fool - Oct 12, 2016 Shares of liquidation specialist Liquidity Services, Inc.  surged last month as the company got a boost from a new contract with Indassol on the last day of the month, helping to give the stock double-digit gains for September.'
p5
aS'Why Liquidity Services, Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - May 5, 2016 What: Shares of Liquidity Services  rose as much as 12.1% early Thursday, then settled to trade up 9% as of 11:00 a.m.'
p6
aS'Liquidity Services expands in the UK Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Due to the wide scale decommissioning of rigs in the North Sea region, coupled with lower commodity prices, energy companies are aggressively looking for solutions to generate cash, said Daniel Beck, vice president of global sales for Liquidity ...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: AppFolio Inc  is Beating Liquidity Services Inc ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AppFolio Inc  versus Liquidity Services Inc  .Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Liquidity Services, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS"Liquidity Services to Host Open House at Brampton Distribution Center Yahoo Finance - Jan 9, 2017 Liquidity Services , a global solution provider in the reverse supply chain with the world's largest marketplace for business surplus, announced today that it will host an open house at its Brampton, Ontario distribution center on Wednesday ..."
p9
aS'Liquidity Services Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 14 Equities.com - Feb 14, 2017 Liquidity Services Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 14, as the stock lost 1.72% to close at $8.55. On the day, Liquidity Services Inc. saw 156,561 shares trade hands on 1,202 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily ...'
p10
a.