(lp0
S'Lululemon Athletica: Waiting For It To Go On Sale Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Even with that, keep your cash on hand and wait for the right entry point. This company is a perfect example of why risk assessment analysis is so important.Stock Price of lululemon athletica inc.  Decreases -0.94% - Energy Index'
p1
aS'About: Lululemon Athletica  Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Lululemon  now has a larger market cap than that of rival Under Armour , a testament to how the niche yoga and sportswear apparel manufacturer has managed to expand and sell product despite warnings of &quot;athleisure&quot; being a&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Better Buy: Lululemon Athletica Inc. vs. Nike Inc Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 Nike  and lululemon athletica  are both serving the healthy lifestyle megatrend, and both have very strong brands.Textile Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Michael Kors, Lululemon Athletica, Under ... - PR Newswire "
p3
aS'3 Big Stock Charts for Wednesday: BP plc  , FireEye Inc  and ... Investorplace.com - 20 hours ago BP plc  , FireEye Inc  and Lululemon Athletica Inc.  have all been waging moves against the bulls as their stock prices have been ensnared in bearish trends.The Lululemon Athletica inc.  Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment ... - Petro Global News 24Lululemon Athletica inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p4
aS'Lululemon Athletica Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Lululemon Athletica Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.Lululemon Athletica inc.  Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeSmart Money Buying the Price Weakness of lululemon athletica inc.  - Energy Index'
p5
aS'Lululemon Athletica Inc : Poised for Long-Term Success? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 What can investors expect from Lululemon Athletica Inc  in the future? Are you considering investing? Then keep reading.'
p6
aS"Sport Chek Takes on Lululemon Athletica Inc. The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 3, 2017 Look out Calgary; Sport Chek is coming to the Chinook Centre - a move that's signaling it may be trying to capture market share from Lululemon Athletica Inc . Sport Chek parent Canadian Tire Corporation Limited  had a very&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Macquarie still negative on Lululemon Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Macquarie takes some digs at Lululemon  in a fresh note backing its Underperform rating and lowly $44 price target.'
p8
aS'Up might be down for Lululemon Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 The highly-successful apparel strategy at Lululemon  could be off track, warns Canaccord Genuity Camil Lyons. The analyst notes that while Lululemon was on trend for years with an assortment of loose tops and tight pants, the new&nbsp;...Nike Finds New Opportunity in Workout Wear  - Investopedia'
p9
aS'Lululemon: Yes, This Stock Is A Lemon Seeking Alpha - Feb 26, 2017 In my view, investors have many great options available to them other than Lululemon Athletica  - see our articles on JNJ, VZ, and ABBV.lululemon athletica inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 24 - Equities.com'
p10
a.