(lp0
S"Better Buy: Las Vegas Sands Corp. vs. MGM Resorts Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Even better for the major global casino operators, Nevada also put up some robust growth last month, so let's take a look at Las Vegas Sands  and MGM Resorts International  as both resort owners have their feet firmly planted in&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Las Vegas Sands Corporation remains interested in Vietnam World Casino Directory - Mar 6, 2017 According to a report from the Vietnam Economic Times newspaper, Las Vegas Sands Corporation, which runs large-scale gambling properties around the world including in Macau, Singapore and Las Vegas, revealed that it has been in discussions with the&nbsp;...Las Vegas Sands watching Vietnam closely: Tanasijevich - GGRAsiaLas Vegas Sands Corp Reiterates Interest In Developing Integrated Resort In ... - Tight Poker'
p2
aS"Fortune Names Las Vegas Sands a &quot;World's Most Admired Company&quot; PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 &quot;Being recognized as one of the world's most admired companies is a testament to the dedication and professionalism of the more than 50,000 Las Vegas Sands team members we employ around the globe. As the founder of this company, nothing makes me&nbsp;...What Analysts are Predicting For Las Vegas Sands Corp. , Prudential ... - The USA CommerceStock for Your Case: Las Vegas Sands Corp.  - TopChronicle"
p3
aS"Digging Up the Facts on Las Vegas Sands Corp.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Las Vegas Sands Corp.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Resorts &amp; Casinos. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $55.17, up from yesterday's close by 1.77%.Analysts Weigh in on: Las Vegas Sands Corp.  - Post RegistrarShares of Las Vegas Sands Corp.  Sees Large Outflow of Money - Energy Index"
p4
aS'One Put, One Call Option To Know About for Las Vegas Sands Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is Las Vegas Sands Corp . So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from ...'
p5
aS'LVS May Have 50% Upside Potential Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Las Vegas Sands  has been trending downward during the start of the new year due to pressures in the Macao gambling market as well as decreases in casino performance in some of its Macao properties over the past year.'
p6
aS"Option Market: Las Vegas Sands Corp. Risk Hits A Substantially Lowered Level CML News - 18 hours ago We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Las Vegas Sands Corp."
p7
aS"Las Vegas Sands sets sights on Japan Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 A resort hosting casinos in Japan could cost up to $10B to build, Las Vegas Sands  CEO Sheldon Adelson said in Tokyo, as the casino operator looks to win operating rights in what is widely expected to become the world's second-biggest casino&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Taking a Look at the Data Behind Las Vegas Sands Corp.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 6, 2017 Las Vegas Sands Corp.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Resorts &amp; Casinos. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $53.84, up from yesterday's close by 0.34%.Las Vegas Sands  Macao Prospects Bright, Risks Remain - Zacks.com"
p9
aS'Las Vegas Sands Corporation reaches deal to sell Sands Casino Resort Bethlehem World Casino Directory - Mar 9, 2017 In Pennsylvania, Las Vegas Sands Corporation has reportedly reached a deal in principle to offload its Sands Casino Resort Bethlehem to rival casino operator MGM Resorts International for around $1.3 billion.'
p10
a.