(lp0
S'Why Lexmark International Inc. Shares Jumped Motley Fool - Apr 20, 2016 What: Shares of world leader in printing, imaging, and data solutions company Lexmark , jumped as much as 10.4% on Tuesday.Lexmark to Be Bought by Apex, PAG Asia in $3.6 Billion Deal - BloombergRobbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Lexmark International, Inc.  by Apex ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS'Lexmark International Inc.: Lexmark and Intelligent ID announce partnership to ... The Wall Street Transcript - 19 hours ago Lexmark International, a global imaging solutions leader, today announced it has partnered with Intelligent ID, experts in insider risk management and user behavioral analysis, to codevelop a full spectrum of document and endpoint security offerings.'
p2
aS'Lexmark International Inc. Stock Jumps as Buyout Looks Close Motley Fool - Sep 30, 2016 Shares of printing, imaging, and data solutions company Lexmark International  jumped as much as 13.9% on Friday, after a pending acquisition of the company, by a consortium of buyers led by Apex Technology and PAG Asia Capital, took a key&nbsp;...Lexmark International  Stock Rockets After CFIU Approves Takeover by Apex - InvestorGuideLexmark  Gets CFIUS Approval for Apex Tech Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS'Why Is Lexmark International Inc. Stock Jammed Today? Motley Fool - Jul 21, 2015 What: Shares of printer manufacturer Lexmark International  reported strong second-quarter results this morning, but followed up with a gloomy forecast for coming quarters -- with a side of paused share buybacks.Lexmark International  Stock Falls on Mixed Second Quarter Results - TheStreet.com'
p4
aS'Lexmark International is Oversold Forbes - Sep 27, 2016 But making Lexmark International, Inc. an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Tuesday, shares of LXK entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $34.41 per share.'
p5
aS"BREAKING: Lexmark sale complete; CEO Rooke replaced www.smileypete.com - Nov 29, 2016 Lexmark International Inc., the Lexington-based maker of printers and management software, announced Tuesday it had completed its sale to China-based Apex Technology and that its CEO of six years, Paul Rooke, is being replaced.Fitch Downgrades Lexmark to 'BB' on Acquisition Close; Outlook Negative - Business Wire "
p6
aS'LEXMARK INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Nov 29, 2016 Lexmark International, Inc. is a developer, manufacturer and supplier of printing, imaging, device management, managed print services , document workflow, and business process and content management solutions.'
p7
aS'Lexmark Quarterly Business Roundup PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2016 Lexmark Budapest received the Corporate Social Responsibility award in the Sustainable Large Company category, which recognizes the most prominent responsible and sustainable initiatives, products, services and projects of companies operating in&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Lexmark cuts 320 software jobs; local toll unclear www.smileypete.com - Jan 10, 2017 Lexmark International, the Lexington-headquartered maker of printers recently purchased by a China-based consortium lead by Apex Technology, announced the elimination of 320 jobs in its software division.'
p9
aS'LEXMARK INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Nov 29, 2016 On November 29, 2016, Lexmark International, Inc., a Delaware corporation , repaid in full all indebtedness and other amounts outstanding and owing under that certain credit agreement dated as of January 18, 2012, by and among the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.