(lp0
S"Why Macy's Inc , Twitter Inc  and Direxion Shares Exchange Traded ... Investorplace.com - 13 hours ago Just as expected, the Federal Reserve bumped up the Fed Funds Rate by a quarter of a point on Wednesday. What was surprising was how hawkish the updated explanation from the Fed's chairperson Janet Yellen wasn't."
p1
aS"Macy's - The Bull Case Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Macy's is trading at or near the lowest multiples of the last 5-6 years due to the recent weakness. In this article, I present a value case for the stock, which I think is an attractive long at the current levels."
p2
aS"Reuters: Starboard exits Macy's position Seeking Alpha - 9 hours ago The Starboard Value hedge fund, which has pressured Macy's  to separate its real estate from its retail business, has sold its stake in the company, Reuters reports.Activist investor Starboard exits Macy's stock: Sources - Channel NewsAsia"
p3
aS"Macy's, Inc.'s Real-Estate Cash Machine Takes Off Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 For more than a year, Macy's  has been talking about monetizing some of its underutilized real estate. However, it wasn't until last quarter that Macy's started to generate large amounts of cash from real-estate sales. Many investors seem to be&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Macy's Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Macy's Inc  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.377 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 03, 2017."
p5
aS"Why Macy's Inc  May Be a Great Choice for Value Investors Investorplace.com - 21 hours ago Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p6
aS"What Did Macy's, Inc. Do With All Its Cash Last Quarter? Motley Fool - Feb 18, 2017 Profitability has been eroding at an alarming rate at Macy's  in the past two years, as shoppers have turned away from department stores as a whole."
p7
aS"Macy's, Inc. Reports Weak Q4 Earnings, but Dillard's Earnings Were Even Worse Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 On Tuesday morning, Macy's  and Dillard's  kicked off earnings season for the department-store sector."
p8
aS"Taking a Fresh Look at Macy's, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Macy's, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Department Stores. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $30.95, up from yesterday's close by 0.16%.Macy's, Inc.  Closed the Last Trading Session at $30.95 - The Newburgh PressInsider Activity for Investors: Macy's, Inc.  - FactsReporter"
p9
aS"Hudson's Bay Co.: Is it a Buy Without Macy's Inc.? The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 7, 2017 News came out March 3 that Hudson's Bay Co.  couldn't line up the financing to buy Macy's Inc. , which sent HBC stock down almost 6%."
p10
a.