(lp0
S'Mace Security International: An Investment In Fear Seeking Alpha - Oct 10, 2016 Mace Security International , known for its category-defining brand of pepper spray self defense products is, remarkably, not part of any larger conglomerate.'
p1
aS"Mace Security International to acquire assets of Washington Laboratories Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 18, 2017 Cleveland-based Mace Security International Inc. has entered into an &quot;agreement in principal&quot; to acquire most of Canton-based Washington Laboratories LLC's assets, rights and properties for an undisclosed amount, according to a news release.CORRECTING and REPLACING Mace to Acquire Washington Labs, Accelerating Growth ... - Business Wire "
p2
aS'OTC Markets Group Welcomes Mace Security International to OTCQX Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- OTC Markets Group Inc. , operator of financial markets for 10,000 U.S. and global securities, today announced Mace Security International, Inc. , a leader in designing, manufacturing, and distributing consumer and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Mace Security International Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 The Company also offers aerosol defense sprays and tactical products for law enforcement and security professionals worldwide through its Mace and Take Down brands. Mace Security International distributes and supports Mace Brand products and&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Mace Security International, maker of pepper sprays, will move its ... Plain Dealer - May 14, 2013 MACE_HQ_INTERIOR_CLEVELAND.JPG View full sizeMace Security International plans to move its corporate headquarters and manufacturing to Cleveland's Midtown neighborhood."
p5
aS"Mace Security International, Inc. Wins A'Design Award &amp; Competition Business Wire  - Apr 27, 2016 CLEVELAND----Mace Security International, Inc., a globally recognized leader in personal safety and security, is a winner of the prestigious A'Design Award &amp; Competition for the 2016 redesign of its Mace Brand product packaging."
p6
aS'Mace Security International, Inc. Partners with BoobyTrapBras, LLC on ... Business Wire  - May 9, 2016 CLEVELAND----Mace Security International, Inc.  today announced it will be the exclusive provider of defense sprays, which will be incorporated into Just In Case Bras designed and developed by BoobyTrapBras, LLC.'
p7
aS'Mace Sells Electronic Surveillance Business to SecureCheck LLC Business Wire  - Nov 8, 2016 CLEVELAND----Mace Security International Inc.  today announced the sale of the electronic surveillance business to Houston based SecureCheck LLC.'
p8
aS"Mace Security International Adds Carl Grassi to its Board of Directors Business Wire  - Apr 25, 2016 CLEVELAND----The Board of Directors of Mace Security International, Inc.  today announced that Carl Grassi has been appointed to the company's Board, effective immediately."
p9
aS"Mace Security International wants to be known for more than pepper spray Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 21, 2014 For example, Mace at the end of 2013 entered into a partnership with SoloMetrics LLC, a research and development company in Chicago that specializes in technology for the security sector. Mr. Meador said that partnership should help Mace develop&nbsp;..."
p10
a.