(lp0
S'Marriott International To Provide Live Webcast Of Security Analyst Meeting To ... Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago BETHESDA, Md., March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Marriott International, Inc.  announced today it will provide a live webcast of its upcoming Security Analyst Meeting.Marriott International Inc  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - Chaffey BreezeCourtyard Silver Spring North Pumps Up Its Fitness Center with More Space and ... - PR Newswire '
p1
aS'/CORRECTION -- Marriott International, Inc./ Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 In the news release, Marriott International To Speak At J.P. Morgan Gaming, Lodging, Restaurant &amp; Leisure Management Access Forum March 2; Remarks To Be Webcast, issued 27-Feb-2017 by Marriott International, Inc. over PR Newswire, we are advised&nbsp;...Marriott International To Speak At JP Morgan Gaming, Lodging, Restaurant ... - Franchising.com '
p2
aS'Marriott International Appoints David Flueck as Senior Vice President, Loyalty ... PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 BETHESDA, Md., Feb. 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Marriott International, Inc. , today announced David Flueck has been appointed to the position of Senior Vice President, Loyalty.Stocks for your portfolio  ConocoPhillips , Marriott International ... - Wall Street Times '
p3
aS"Marriott International Scores Big With NCAA Partnership PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2017 As the world's largest hotel company, no matter where the excitement of college sports takes athletes, supporters, and fans, Marriott International will be there. Beginning with the Men's Final Four in Phoenix and the Women's Final Four in Dallas this ...Blog Coverage Marriott Announced as the Official Hotel Partner for NCAA; Set ... - Yahoo FinanceInsider Trading Activity Marriott International   Insider Sold ... - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS'Marriott International Named A Fortune 100 Best Company To Work For -- A ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 BETHESDA, Md., March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- For the 20th consecutive year, Marriott International, Inc.  is one of the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For.Marriott International  is one of Fortune 100 Best-Companies to ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p5
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Marriott International, Inc. , EQT Corporation ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Marriott International, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at - in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p6
aS'Marriott International to stay aggressive with growth Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Marriott International  CEO Arne Sorenson says the company will accelerate its pace of expanding the brands picked up in the Starwoods merger.'
p7
aS"Marriott International Named as a 2017 World's Most Ethical Company by the ... Hospitality Net - Mar 13, 2017 Bethesda, Md. -- Marriott International  has been recognized by the Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices, as a 2017 World's Most Ethical Company. Marriott has appeared ..."
p8
aS'Brokerages Set Marriott International Inc  Price Target at $88.06 Chaffey Breeze - Mar 15, 2017 Marriott International logo Shares of Marriott International Inc  have been given an average rating of Hold by the twenty-three ratings firms that are currently covering the company.'
p9
aS'Marriott International, Inc.  Merger With Stanwood Lays-off 56 Traders350 - Mar 14, 2017 Marriott International, Inc.  and Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc  merger has resulted to 56 people being laid off from the Scottsdale office at 15147 N. Scottsdale Road H210.'
p10
a.