(lp0
S"BRIEF-Shareholders approve Access National Corp's merger with Middleburg ... Reuters - 16 hours ago TOKYO, March 16 The Bank of Japan kept monetary policy steady on Thursday and maintained a cautiously optimistic view on the economy, signalling that no expansion of monetary stimulus was forthcoming in the near future."
p1
aS'Shareholders Approve Access National Corporation Merger With Middleburg ... PR Newswire  - 18 hours ago RESTON, Va. and MIDDLEBURG, Va., March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- At separate special meetings today, shareholders of both Access National Corporation  and Middleburg Financial Corporation  approved the agreement pursuant&nbsp;...Access National, Middleburg bank shareholders approve $233.1M purchase - Washington Business Journal'
p2
aS'Access National, Middleburg Financial announce merger Washington Business Journal - Oct 24, 2016 Shareholders in Access National, the parent company of Access National Bank, will own 53.5 percent of the new company, which will keep the name Access National Corporation. Middleburg shareholders will own 46.5 percent. So far Access National Bank&nbsp;...Access National Corporation and Middleburg Financial Corporation Announce ... - PR Newswire '
p3
aS'Middleburg Financial Corporation Announces Joseph L. Boling to Retire PR Newswire  - Jul 28, 2016 MIDDLEBURG, Va., July 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Middleburg Financial Corporation   today announced that Joseph L. Boling informed the Board of Directors of his decision to retire from his position as Chairman of the Board&nbsp;...Middleburg Financial Corp. chairman retires - Virginia Business Magazine'
p4
aS"BRIEF-MIDDLEBURG FINANCIAL CORP Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.15 Reuters - Jan 30, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Stock Returns: First Mid-Illinois Bancshares Inc  versus ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Mid-Illinois Bancshares Inc  versus Middleburg Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Middleburg Financial Corporation  is Beating ACNB ... CML News - Feb 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for ACNB Corporation  versus Middleburg Financial Corporation  .'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Middleburg Financial Corporation  versus ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Middleburg Financial Corporation  versus MutualFirst Finanacial Inc  .'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus Middleburg Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Middleburg Bank Shareholder Pushes for Shakeup Loudoun Now - Apr 26, 2016 Middleburg Bank's largest shareholder is pushing for changes that could involve the sale of Loudoun's oldest community financial institution."
p10
a.