(lp0
S"McDonald's: $170 Per Share By 2020? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 McDonald's released its financial goals and policy targets over the next three years earlier this month. The company's goals could be doable but appear aggressive with respect to margin expansion."
p1
aS"McDonald's Steps Into The Modern Age Benzinga - Mar 13, 2017 McDonald's Corporation  - you know, the world's favorite fast food hamburger chain - has seen its in-store visits fall by 500 million since 2012 - in just the United States alone.McDonald's Corporation  Impact Score At 72 - Stock ObserverInvestors Reviewing Stock: McDonald's Corporation  - Is stories"
p2
aS"Franchisees eye board representation at McDonald's Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago McDonald's  franchisees are getting restless about a lack of representation on the board, even as results for the restaurant chain show improvement."
p3
aS"EOD Risers: JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co., McDonald's Corporation, Merck &amp; Co., Inc ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of McDonald's Corporation with EPIC code:  a company that operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants, climbed 0.15% or 0.19 points by the close of business yesterday."
p4
aS"Coffee initiative at McDonald's picks up steam Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 McDonald's  starts its new McCafe initiative this week with testing of new coffee drinks at some locations in Northern California, reports Nation's Restaurant News.McDonald's Corporation  testing trio of new McCaf drinks in ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p5
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Wants to Make You Better Burgers Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 A plan by McDonald's Corporation  to lure &quot;hundreds of millions&quot; of customers back will include bolstering its burger quality, digital capabilities and delivery services, reports USA Today.McDonald's Corporation  might launch home delivery service in 5 ... - Market ExclusiveInvestors size up new-look McDonald's - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"McDonald's: Jumping The Shark With Delivery Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 We have argued for some time that the well of new ideas at McDonald's  has dried up and that, despite the stock's great run back near highs over the last 3 months, investors are only getting a series of Band-Aids instead of a larger fix at ...From Turnaround To Growth, McDonald's Remains A Top Name In Its Category - Benzinga"
p7
aS"Option Market: McDonald's Corporation Risk Hits An Extreme Low CML News - 18 hours ago We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for McDonald's Corporation&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Earnings Clues on Cerner Corporation , McDonald's Corporation (MCD ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago McDonald's Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 14.99, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.McDonald's Corporation  Stock Technicals are in the neutral area - USA Commerce Daily"
p9
aS"McDonald's Near Its Peak... What To Do Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 This time, we wrote call options at a strike price of $155/share for McDonald's Corp. . We believe, the stock price has reached its medium-term maximum level, and it's highly unlikely that the stock price will surpass the calls' strike price ...McDONALDS CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market ExclusiveTelsey Advisory Group Just Issued Outperform Rating on McDonald's ... - Energy Index"
p10
a.