(lp0
S"Why Medical Action Industries Inc. Shares Skyrocketed Motley Fool - Jun 25, 2014 So what: Under the terms of the deal, which values Medical Action Industries at $208 million net of cash, Owens &amp; Minor will pay $13.80 per share in cash that'll be financed by cash on hand as well as its borrowing power available under a revolving ...Owens &amp; Minor to Acquire Medical Action Industries, a Leading Provider of ... - GlobeNewswire Why Medical Action Industries  Stock Is SUrging Today - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS'Medical Action Industries agrees to $208M buyout offer from Owens &amp; Minor Newsday - Jun 25, 2014 Medical Action Industries Inc., a Brentwood-based maker of burn dressings, surgical marking pens and hats for newborns, has agreed to a $208 million buyout by its largest customer, Owens &amp; Minor Inc., the companies announced Wednesday.'
p2
aS'Medical Action Industries to Sell Medegen and Certain Other Assets of Its ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2014 BRENTWOOD, N.Y., March 13, 2014  -- Medical Action Industries Inc.  , announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to sell its Medegen Medical Products, LLC subsidiary&nbsp;...Medical Action Industries sells Medegen unit to Inteplast for $75M - Mass DeviceMedical Action  Plans $75M Sale of Medegen Medical Products Unit - StreetInsider.com '
p3
aS'Medical Action Industries Announces President and Chief Operating Officer GlobeNewswire  - May 28, 2013 BRENTWOOD, N.Y., May 28, 2013  -- Medical Action Industries Inc. , a leading supplier of medical and disposable surgical products, today announced the appointment of Paul Chapman as its new President and Chief&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Medical Action Industries closes $79M Medegen, patient care business sale Mass Device - Jun 2, 2014 Medical Action Industries  said it closed the $79 million sale of its Medegen Medical Products subsidiary and parts of its patient care business to Inteplast Group's Medira Inc. &quot;I would like to thank all of the talented and dedicated ..."
p5
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up Owens &amp; Minor Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 3, 2017 The Domestic segment includes all functions relating to its role as a medical supply logistics company providing distribution; kitting, including Medical Action Industries Inc., and logistics services to healthcare providers and manufacturers in the ..."
p6
aS'Insider Trading Activity Owens &amp; Minor, Inc.   SVP Sold 8802 shares ... Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 The Domestic segment includes all functions relating to its role as a medical supply logistics company providing distribution; kitting, including Medical Action Industries Inc., and logistics services to healthcare providers and manufacturers in the ...'
p7
aS'New Report by National Families in Action Rips the Veil Off the Medical ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 14, 2017 NFIA report reveals three billionaires -- George Soros, Peter Lewis and John Sperling -- who contributed 80 percent of the money to medicalize marijuana through state ballot initiatives during a 13-year period, with the strategy to use medical ...'
p8
aS'Ethicon And DePuy Synthes Introduce Customized Wound Closure Kits Aiming To ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 The Ethicon wound closure kits will be assembled and supplied by Medical Action Industries, an Owens &amp; Minor Company, a leading provider of procedure-based kits and trays.'
p9
aS"PTAB Life Sciences Report -- Part II - March 2017 JD Supra  - 13 hours ago Petitioners McKesson Corp., McKesson Technologies Inc., InTouch Technologies, Inc., and Medical Depot, Inc. are challenging the '985 patent on nine grounds as being anticipated under 35 U.S.C.  102  or as obvious under 35 U.S.C ..."
p10
a.