(lp0
S"Better Buy: Medivation, Inc. vs. Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Motley Fool - Jul 12, 2016 Medivation  attempted to jump-start a bidding war after rejecting Sanofi's  second acquisition offer."
p1
aS"Pfizer to Buy Medivation for $14 Billion Wall Street Journal - Aug 22, 2016 Pfizer Inc. said Monday that it had agreed to buy biotech Medivation Inc. for about $14 billion, in a move that adds one of the crown jewels of the multibillion-dollar market for cancer drugs to Pfizer's portfolio.Pfizer Said Close to $14 Billion Deal to Acquire Medivation - Bloomberg"
p2
aS'Better Buy Now: Medivation Inc vs Jazz Pharmaceuticals Motley Fool - Oct 24, 2015 Investors in biotech stocks Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC  and Medivation  must be smiling from ear to ear, as each of these companies has been a monster winner for long-term investors.'
p3
aS'Medivation: A Value In Biotech Seeking Alpha - Aug 18, 2016 Medivation  is just such a company which is misunderstood by the market. It is a highly de-risked biotech with a commercialized, blockbuster drug  already providing significant financial resources for the&nbsp;...How Much Medivation Can Really Fetch in a Buyout - 24/7 Wall St.Medivation Inc : Excellent Opportunity to Get Best Price for its ... - TCC'
p4
aS"J&amp;J's Q1 Results Suggest More Upside for Medivation, Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 27, 2016 The loss of market share in this high-profile market suggests that Medivation  and Astellas Pharma's  Xtandi continues to gain ground, and that could mean that Medivation is worth more than it was three months ago."
p5
aS"Medivation Drops 12% After Congress Asks To Examine Xtandi Drug Price Benzinga - Mar 29, 2016 Shares of Medivation Inc  were trading lower by more than 6 percent heading into Tuesday's market open as the company's drug pricing have come under scrutiny by the U.S.Makers of pricey prostate cancer drug Xtandi are targeted by Congress - Los Angeles TimesMedivation Prostate Cancer Drug Xtandi under Pricing Attack - Zacks.com"
p6
aS"Leerink: Medivation Buyout 'Inevitable,' AstraZeneca And AbbVie Most Likely Buyers Benzinga - Apr 25, 2016 Leerink's Geoffrey C. Porges believes that acquirer interest in Medivation Inc  and the appreciation in the stock valuation as evidence of investors' views that more value lies in the sale of the company vs."
p7
aS"Sanofi SA   Looking To Acquire Medivation Inc  For ... Market Exclusive - Apr 29, 2016 Sanofi SA   has made public its intention of acquiring Medivation Inc , having tabled a $9.3 billion takeover bid.Medivation board rejects Sanofi's $9.3 billion takeover offer - ReutersGoldman Sees Potential Medivation Buyout Value Near $70/Share - Benzinga"
p8
aS'Report: Medivation Committed To Selling Itself Benzinga - May 10, 2016 Medivation Inc  had an offer on the table to be acquired by Sanofi SA   for $9.3 billion, or $52.50 per share.Exclusive: Medivation succumbs to pressure to explore sale - sources - Reuters'
p9
aS"In Wake Of Medivation Deal, Argus Thinks Pfizer's Existing Business Is Underrated Benzinga - Aug 29, 2016 On August 22, Pfizer Inc.  announced it had entered into an agreement to acquire Medivation Inc  for almost $14 billion or $81.50 per shares.Medivation Proxy Shows Pfizer Battled Four Bidders to Seal a Deal - TheStreet.com3 Stocks Up Over 1000% in the Past 5 Years - Motley Fool"
p10
a.