(lp0
S'Memorial Production Partners Bankruptcy Analysis Seeking Alpha - Jan 23, 2017 Memorial Production Partners LP  unitholders will receive 2% of the stock and 5-year warrants in a newly organized Memorial Parent NewCo .'
p1
aS"What does Memorial Production Partners LP's  balance sheet tells us ... Simply Wall St - Mar 9, 2017 While small-cap stocks, such as Memorial Production Partners LP  with its market cap of USD $11 Million, are popular for their explosive growth, investors should also pay heed to their balance sheet to judge whether the company can&nbsp;...Simon Property Group  Reaches $170.67 52-Week Low; Memorial Production ... - HuronReportInvestors Most Focused Stock: Memorial Production Partners LP's  stock ... - WsNews 4investors"
p2
aS'Pump Out Nearly 30% Yields With Memorial Production Partners LP Bonds Maturing ... Seeking Alpha - May 14, 2016 Memorial Production Partners LP  has done a fantastic job keeping its revenues/cash flow stable though the effective use of hedges on both its oil and natural gas production.'
p3
aS"Moody's downgrades MEMP to Ca Moodys.com   - Nov 4, 2016 New York, November 03, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  downgraded Memorial Production Partners LP's  Corporate Family Rating  to Ca from Caa2 and Probability of Default Rating  to Ca-PD from Caa2-PD. This action&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Memorial Production Partners: Another Restructuring Has Arrived But This One ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 26, 2016 Its hedges were best of breed and its distribution seemed impenetrable. But reserve values and high leverage overwhelmed its ability to sustain cash flows.Memorial Production Partners to File Bankruptcy: Key Highlights - Market RealistWorth Watching Stocks: Memorial Production Partners LP , NVIDIA ... - FactsReporter'
p5
aS"Memorial Production Partners: Bankruptcy Or Hardball? Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Shares of Memorial Production Partners have tanked after management decided to &quot;explore strategic options&quot; but to also enter a 30-day grace period on interest expense.Stock Update : Here's Why Memorial Production Partners LP Shares ... - Smarter Analyst"
p6
aS'Memorial Production Partners: The Limits Of Hedging Seeking Alpha - Dec 29, 2016 Despite one of the best hedge portfolios in the industry, Memorial Production Partners will reorganize. The hedges did not stop the cash flow from operations decreasing to $43 million in the latest quarter.'
p7
aS'Memorial Production Partners LP Announces Sale of Non-Core Properties in the ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 20, 2016 HOUSTON, June 20, 2016  -- Memorial Production Partners LP   announced today that it closed a transaction to sell certain assets located in the Permian Basin for cash consideration of approximately $37.4&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'BRIEF-Memorial Production Partners LP reaches plan support agreement with ... Reuters - Jan 13, 2017  By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, Feb 9 Investors showed an insatiable demand for fixed income during the latest week, handing over the most cash in about seven months to managers of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Memorial Production Partners Made A Brilliant Decision Seeking Alpha - Jun 22, 2016 Shares of Memorial Production were on the rise a bit after management stated that the firm had agreed to sell $56.5 million worth of assets in two separate transactions.Memorial Production Partners to Sell Noncore Assets in Permian, Rockies - Natural Gas Intelligence'
p10
a.