(lp0
S'MTI of Albany passes poison pill stock plan Albany Times Union - Oct 11, 2016 TSR Inc., Microwave Filter Co., IEH Corp. and Electronic Systems Technology, according to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission documents.'
p1
aS'Integrated Microwave Technologies  Launches DragonFly Ultra-Miniature ... PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2017 HACKETTSTOWN, N.J., Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Integrated Microwave Technologies , a business unit of xG Technology, Inc.  , and a leader in advanced digital microwave systems serving the law enforcement,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'RFMW Ltd., and Akoustis Technologies, Inc. Announce Distribution Agreement GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , is a manufacturer of innovative BulkONE bulk acoustic wave  high band RF filters for mobile wireless and general purpose RF catalog components. RFMW Ltd. is a specialized distributor ...'
p3
aS"Akoustis Produces World's First Single-Crystal BAW RF Filters GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2016 Charlotte, N.C., July 25, 2016  -- Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , an innovator of high performance, single-crystal piezoelectric materials and bulk acoustic wave  resonators for mobile ..."
p4
aS'Microphase IPO May Be A 5G Wireless Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Oct 17, 2016 Microphase Corporation is a provider of military microwave and RF  technology and wants to raise up to $12.25 million in its IPO.'
p5
aS"Snapchat filter stops toddler's tears right in their fluffy bunny tracks Mashable - Feb 1, 2017 You'd think it was impossible for an adorable baby to get any cuter, but add the bunny Snapchat filter to the mix and your heart might just explode."
p6
aS"Best Argos Cyber Monday deals Telegraph.co.uk - Nov 27, 2016 De'Longhi P80T5A Standard Microwave - this microwave comes with eight programmes for different cooking styles, has a 20 litre capacity and boasts 800 watts of power - perfect for all your main cooking needs."
p7
aS'Globes Elektronik and Link Microtek create French joint-venture Electronics EETimes  - Oct 5, 2016 Specialist RF components distributors Globes Elektronik of Germany and Link Microtek of the UK have created a new company to deliver their services and distribute microwave and RF components in France, as Transtech Technologies SAS. ... the USA to get ...'
p8
aS'9 Ways to Lower Your Energy Bill This Winter Money Magazine - Sep 30, 2016 Shane Kenny, founder of the subscription air filter company FilterSnap, recommended using the beginning of the year as a time to take care of many routine home maintenance tasks, such as changing the batteries in smoke and carbon monoxide detectors ...'
p9
aS"EXCLUSIVE: Facebook 'fact checker' who will arbitrate on 'fake news' is ... Daily Mail - Dec 21, 2016 One of the websites Facebook is to use to arbitrate on 'fake news' is involved in a bitter legal dispute between its co-founders, with its CEO accused of using company money for prostitutes. Snopes.com will be part of a panel used by Facebook to decide&nbsp;..."
p10
a.