(lp0
S"MicroFinancial Incorporated Enters Into Agreement to be Acquired by Funds ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 15, 2014 BURLINGTON, Mass., Dec. 15, 2014  -- MicroFinancial Incorporated   has entered into a definitive agreement with MF Parent LP  and MF Merger Sub Corp. , each&nbsp;...Burlington's MicroFinancial to be bought - Boston Globe"
p1
aS'Bharat Financial Inclusion Moneycontrol.com - Sep 18, 2015 The company management includes P H Ravikumar - Non Exe.Chairman&amp;Ind.Director, M R Rao - Managing Director &amp; CEO, Geoffrey Tanner Woolley - Independent Director, Tarun Khanna - Independent Director, S Balachandran - Independent Director,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'BPI invests in microfinance bank Rizal Bank Inquirer.net - Aug 23, 2016 AYALA-led Bank of the Philippine Island has signed a deal to buy a 10 percent stake in microfinance-oriented rural bank Rizal Bank Inc. , expanding efforts to contribute to financial inclusion in the country. RBI, a member institution of CARD ...BPI buys 10% stake in Rizal Bank - GMA News'
p3
aS"Microfinance in PHL at crossroads Business Mirror - Mar 1, 2017 The country's microfinance industry has consistently showed growth every year. According to the Microfinance Council of the Philippines Inc. , microfinance non-governmental organizations  recorded two years ago a total of 3.034 million&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'CIC inks pact to get data on microfinance BusinessWorld Online Edition - Aug 11, 2016 The state-controlled firm yesterday signed a Memorandum of Support with the Microfinance Information Data Sharing, Inc.  -- a credit bureau for Microfinance Institutions  -- which will provide the CIC access to around 4.6 million ...'
p5
aS"Dumaguete's Rizal Bank Inc. opens first branch in Visayas | SunStar Sun.Star - Apr 19, 2016 RIZAL Bank Inc. , a microfinance-oriented rural bank and a member institution of Center for Agriculture and Rural Development-Mutually Reinforcing Institutions , recently launched in Dumaguete City its first branch in Visayas."
p6
aS'Landmark Microfinance NGOs Act put into effect Inquirer.net - Sep 11, 2016 10693 or the Microfinance NGOs Act. Sen. Paolo Benigno Aquino IV, Rep. Pablo Nava III as well as members of the Microfinance Council of the Philippines Inc. and APPEND Inc.the two largest microfinance networks in the countryalso attended the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Breaking News: CCGN Acquired Guidance Finance and Obtained the SP Special License Financialbuzz.com - 22 hours ago Consumer Capital Group Inc.  recently announced that Guidance Finance, one of its subsidiaries, obtained the Value-added Telecommunication Business License  issued by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's ..."
p8
aS'National Microfinance Bank signed strategic partnership agreement with ... Benchmark Monitor - Mar 13, 2017 Mastercard Inc  said that, National Microfinance Bank signed a strategic partnership agreement with Mastercard to ensure the digitization of the agricultural sector in Tanzania with the rollout of eKilimo, a mobile solution developed by the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"A Finance Arm Spinoff Leaves Alibaba's Competitor, JD.Com Inc  (NASDAQ:JD ... Traders350 - Mar 6, 2017 The NASDAQ Listed company, JD Financial hopes to create an empire that ranks in the top ten largest Fortune 500 companies in a year's time."
p10
a.