(lp0
S'MFRI, Inc.  Appoints New CEO StreetInsider.com - Nov 8, 2016 MFRI, Inc.  announced changes in its executive leadership team, including the appointment of David J. Mansfield as president and chief executive officer effective November 8, 2016.'
p1
aS"MFRI, Inc.  Announces Sale of Filtration Businesses StreetInsider.com - Feb 1, 2016 MFRI, Inc.  today announced a series of actions designed to refocus its business portfolio and cost structure to enhance the Company's overall performance.MFRI sells off filtration business to focus on piping - Chicago Daily Herald"
p2
aS"BRIEF-Carl Dinger and affiliates report 5.63 pct stake in MFRI Inc, seek sale ... Reuters - Oct 19, 2016 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Stock Returns: MFRI Inc  is Beating Xerium Technologies Inc (NYSE ... CML News - Mar 9, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MFRI Inc  versus Xerium Technologies Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  is Beating MFRI Inc ... CML News - Mar 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  versus MFRI Inc  .'
p5
aS'Market Scanner: Checking the Levels for MFRI, Inc.  Lenox Ledger - 13 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for MFRI, Inc. . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled capital into profitable&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Key Technology Inc  versus MFRI Inc  CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Key Technology Inc  versus MFRI Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: MFRI Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Feb 5, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for MFRI Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p8
aS'MFRI sells filtration businesses Filtration + Separation - Feb 3, 2016 MFRI Inc has announced the sale of its domestic and international filtration businesses, including TDC Filter Manufacturing Inc, Nordic Air Filtration A/S and related assets, and the planned sale of its domestic fabric filter business in Winchester ...'
p9
aS'MFRI Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Feb 5, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for MFRI Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p10
a.