(lp0
S'MGM Resorts International Executive Cindy Ortega Joins LVGEA Board of Directors Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 LAS VEGAS, NV-- - This month, the Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance  announced that MGM Resorts International Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer Cindy Ortega will join its Board of Directors,&nbsp;...Drilling Down Into MGM Resorts International  - StockNewsJournalMGM Resorts International  shares to see major resistance at $26.56 - USA Commerce Daily'
p1
aS'MGM Resorts International Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for MGM Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 In trading on Tuesday, shares of MGM Resorts International  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $26.11, changing hands as low as $25.33 per share.'
p2
aS'MGM stock sinks 9 percent after fourth-quarter results disappoint on Vegas ... CNBC - Feb 16, 2017 Shares of MGM Resorts International sank as much as 9 percent Thursday after it reported lower-than-expected fourth-quarter results due to softness in its Las Vegas convention business.Nomura Stays Bullish Course on MGM Resorts International  Despite Share ... - Smarter AnalystMGM Resorts International Reports Fourth Quarter And Full Year Financial And ... - PR Newswire '
p3
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Huntington Bancshares Inc. , MGM ... StockNewsJournal - 22 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of MGM Resorts International  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 5.83 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'MGM Resorts International Chairman And CEO To Present At The CLSA Japan Forum ... PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 LAS VEGAS, Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MGM Resorts International  Chairman and CEO, Jim Murren, will conduct a keynote presentation Wednesday, February 22nd at the CLSA Japan Forum in Tokyo. A complete copy of the presentation&nbsp;...MGM Resorts to boost Japan presence with larger Tokyo office - Reuters'
p5
aS'MGM Resorts International  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 08, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 MGM Resorts International  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.11 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.Stocks Turns High on Retreated Views: MGM Resorts International '
p6
aS"MGM Resorts International increases Connecticut criticism World Casino Directory - Mar 8, 2017 In Connecticut, the long-running effort by MGM Resorts International to stop the passage of proposed legislation that would allow the state to open a third tribal casino took another turn yesterday after the firm's representatives delivered a warning ...MGM Puts Full-Court Press On Malloy Administration Over Third Casino - CT News JunkieMGM uses Obama interior secretary to fight new tribal casino - The CT Mirror"
p7
aS"Is It Time to go for MGM Resorts International , American Airlines Group ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of MGM Resorts International  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 5.83 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: PPG Industries, Inc. , MGM Resorts ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 9, 2017 MGM Resorts International , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 5.83, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p9
aS"Technicals in Focus for MGM Resorts International  The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on MGM Resorts International , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.