(lp0
S'Mechanical Technology rebounds after $2.8 million loss in 2015 Albany Business Review - Mar 3, 2017 Mechanical Technology Inc. sold more than $7.1 million in gauges, sensors and measuring devices last year as product revenue increased 11 percent during a transformational year that brought in new investors, board members and a chief executive officer.'
p1
aS"Mechanical Technology Inc. names new chief executive Albany Business Review - Jan 24, 2017 Chief financial officer Rick Jones has been named the new president and CEO. He also will continue his role as CFO. Kevin Lynch has retired as president and CEO of Mechanical Technology Inc. in Albany, Enlarge. Kevin Lynch has retired as president and&nbsp;...Mechanical Technology's CEO retires after righting ship - Albany Times Union"
p2
aS"The Trump Effect: Tweets aside, Albany manufacturer's stock booms Albany Business Review - Jan 9, 2017 Albany, New York, manufacturer Mechanical Technology Inc.  saw the second-highest stock increase among those companies over the three-month period."
p3
aS'Mechanical Technology Secures $2.74 Million Investment from Brookstone ... Business Wire  - Oct 24, 2016 ALBANY, N.Y.----Mechanical Technology, Incorporated , , a company engaged, through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc., in the design, manufacture and sale of precision test and measurement&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Mechanical Technology Incorporated Announces 2016 Year End Results EIN News  - Mar 2, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ -- ALBANY, NY-- - Mechanical Technology, Incorporated , , a company engaged, through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc. , in the design,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'MTI of Albany passes poison pill stock plan Albany Times Union - Oct 11, 2016 Mechanical Technology Inc. has put in place a poison pill stock plan in an attempt to protect $51 million in tax benefits that may be at risk from an activist shareholder.'
p6
aS"NYC investor says Albany's MTI afraid of 'losing control' Albany Times Union - Oct 12, 2016 ALBANY - Dan Zeff, whose New York City firm Zeff Capital bought up more than 5 percent of the shares of Albany-based Mechanical Technology Inc. last month, says he is disappointed that the company's board of directors suddenly approved a new &quot;poison&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Market Focus: Zooming in on Shares of Mechanical Technology, Incorporated ... Baldwin Journal - 15 hours ago Mechanical Technology, Incorporated  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 8225. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p8
aS'NuVinci Continuously Variable Planetary Technology Included in Influential ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 CEDAR PARK, TX-- - Fallbrook Technologies Inc., the inventor of the NuVinci continuously variable planetary  transmission technology, today announced that NuVinci technology is included in the latest edition of the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Guillaume Marie Jean Rutten Sells 6250 Shares of Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR ... Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Amkor Technology logo Amkor Technology, Inc.  insider Guillaume Marie Jean Rutten sold 6,250 shares of Amkor Technology stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.00, for a total value of ...The Amkor Technology, Inc.  Insider Guillaume Marie Jean Rutten Sells ... - Petro Global News 24In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Amkor Technology, Inc ... - The De Soto Edge'
p10
a.