(lp0
S"Magellan Midstream Partners LP Posts a Solid Quarter, Ups Guidance Motley Fool - Nov 2, 2016 There are few revenue streams that are as resilient as Magellan Midstream Partners' . Thanks to another solid operating quarter, management felt confident to raise its guidance for distributable cash flow for the second time this year."
p1
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners LP  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, Aaron Milford to review Magellan's fourth quarter financial results in more detail.Magellan Midstream Partners Posts Record Results Despite Customer Troubles - Motley FoolMagellan Midstream takes legal action against Trafigura - Reuters"
p2
aS"Consider Magellan Midstream, Despite The Low Yield Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Magellan Midstream Partners  doesn't offer much in terms of yield, but this MLP, which is engaged in transportation, storage and distribution of petroleum products, has delivered a blowout performance in the downturn and remains one of the&nbsp;...Magellan Midstream Partners' Management Sees 1 Hurdle in 2017, but Lots of ... - Motley Fool"
p3
aS"Will 2017 Be Magellan Midstream Partners, LP's Best Year Yet? Fox Business - Dec 30, 2016 Driving that decline is the company's direct exposure to commodity prices, which were weak in 2016. That said, prices are on the mend, which, when combined with the slew of growth projects Magellan Midstream Partners has in the pipeline, positions the&nbsp;...Is Magellan Midstream Partners A Good Pick? - Seeking AlphaELCO Management Co. LLC Buys New Stake in Magellan Midstream Partners LP  - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS"3 Reasons Magellan Midstream Partners, LP Stock Could Fall Motley Fool - Sep 28, 2016 You will be hard-pressed to find an investment in the energy industry that has produced the returns Magellan Midstream Partners  has since its initial public offering in 2001. The company's solid business model and a management team that has&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Better Buy: Magellan Midstream Partners LP vs. Kinder Morgan Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 19, 2016 While Magellan Midstream Partners  and Kinder Morgan  are both energy infrastructure companies, the similarities really end right there.'
p6
aS"A Closer Look At Magellan Midstream Partners' Results For Q4 2016 Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 This article analyses some of the key facts and trends revealed by 4Q16 results reported by Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. . MMP is engaged in the transportation, storage and distribution of refined petroleum products and crude oil.Magellan Midstream Partners LP  is Travelers Companies Inc.'s Largest ... - The Cerbat GemMagellan Midstream Partners LP  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p7
aS"Better Buy: Magellan Midstream Partners LP vs. Spectra Energy Partners LP Motley Fool - Dec 1, 2016 If that were always the case, then Spectra Energy Partners'  current yield of 6.2% would make it the better buy over Magellan Midstream Partners  and its 4.8% payout. However, before declaring it the winner, there are a couple more&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners LP's Earnings Steady as Management Tees Up Its ... Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 It seems that no matter how much change we see in the oil and gas market from quarter to quarter, earnings results from Magellan Midstream Partners  remain remarkably steady. Even though profits from the few business segments that are&nbsp;...Magellan Midstream Partners LP  Michael N. Mears on Q2 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners, LP in 5 Charts Motley Fool - Sep 16, 2016 ... of Magellan Midstream Partners  have a distribution yield of 4.8%. Some short-term thinking people might point to rising interest rates as a reason to avoid this stock, but that seems to overlook Magellan's business model and its reputation."
p10
a.