(lp0
S"Altria Group: Valuation Analysis Under The Proposed Trump And House GOP Tax Plans Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 This article first compares Altria's current and recent historical valuations based on two common metrics. This includes an analysis of Altria's year-end P/E and forward P/E ratios over the prior five years, and compares these figures to the company's ..."
p1
aS'Big Tobacco has a big party on Wall Street Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 It seems rare that a company can make such a joke at these events, but Altria Group has an exceptional track record that demands premium valuations.'
p2
aS'Better Buy: Altria Group vs. Philip Morris Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 Among tobacco stocks globally, Altria Group  and Philip Morris International  play key leadership roles in the industry.'
p3
aS'Better Buy: Altria Group Inc. vs. Coca-Cola Motley Fool - Feb 15, 2017 Consumer goods manufacturers often make smart stock picks, and Altria Group  and Coca-Cola  have long-term histories of success.'
p4
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Altria Group Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Investors in Altria Group  are already quite familiar with the success of the company's primary businesses."
p5
aS"Checking the Overall Picture for Altria Group, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Altria Group, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Cigarettes. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $75.65, down from yesterday's close by -1.05%.The Altria Group Inc  Shares Bought by FIL Ltd - Petro Global News 24Marshall Wace LLP Invests $1697000 in Altria Group Inc  - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS"Altria's Ever Expanding P/E Ratio Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 And then there is the matter of Altria's P/E ratio. During Altria's first year as a standalone company, which occurred during the recession-ravaged year of 2009, Altria was trading at 9.9x earnings. Since then, Altria's valuation has kept inching ..."
p7
aS"Earnings Clues on United Continental Holdings, Inc. , Altria Group, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 21 hours ago Altria Group, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 45.31, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Price-to-Book Check For: United Continental Holdings, Inc. , Altria ... - The Finance Registrar"
p8
aS'Altria Group Declares Quarterly Dividend Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Altria Group Inc.  announced March 1 through Business Wire the dividend for the first quarter of 2017. The tobacco giant headquartered in Henrico County, Virginia, will pay 61 cents per ordinary share to shareholders of record as of March 15.Altria Group Inc  Stake Boosted by Comerica Bank - Chaffey BreezeDrilling Down Into Altria Group, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for Altria Group, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Altria Group, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.