(lp0
S'Ascendant Resources Announces Appointment of Neil Ringdahl as Chief Operating ... Junior Mining Network - Mar 9, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Neil Ringdahl as Chief Operating Officer effective immediately.'
p1
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Closing of Underwritten Public Offering Junior Mining Network - Mar 7, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that it has closed its previously announced underwritten public offering  through&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Ascendant Resources Ships First Zinc Concentrate to Partners Nyrstar Junior Mining Network - Feb 13, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce it has completed its first zinc concentrate shipment from the El Mochito mine marking a&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Ascendant Resources Reaches Agreement With New Union Representatives Resuming ... Junior Mining Network - Feb 3, 2017 3, 2017) - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce it has reached agreement between its mine workers and new union representatives to resume full operations at the El Mochito Mine during&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Ascendant Resources Obtains Receipt for Final Prospectus; Provides Operational ... Marketwired  - Jan 18, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that the final receipt has been issued by the Ontario Securities Commission and the securities&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Public Offering of Units Marketwired  - Feb 21, 2017 Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that it has filed a preliminary short form prospectus in connection with a marketed public offering  of units , with each Unit&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Technical Checkup on Shares of Ascendant Resources Inc.  The Herald - 9 hours ago Investors keeping an eye on shares of Ascendant Resources Inc.  may be analyzing the company's FCF or Free Cash Flow."
p7
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Pricing of Underwritten Public Offering Marketwired  - Feb 22, 2017 Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that, in connection with its marketed public offering  previously announced on February 21, 2017, it has entered into an underwriting&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'BRIEF-Ascendant Resources reaches agreement with new union representatives ... Reuters - Feb 3, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb 3 The chief executive of Phillips 66 said on Friday he expects the Dakota Access Pipeline to start operations in the second quarter, even though the project - which has sparked protests by Native Americans and environmentalists - is still ...'
p9
aS'Morumbi Resources Completes Acquisition of El Mochito Mine Marketwired  - Dec 20, 2016 Separately, the Company also announces today that it has filed Articles of Amendment to give effect to its previously announced name change and consolidation.'
p10
a.