(lp0
S"EPA Official Accused of Helping Monsanto 'Kill' Cancer Study Bloomberg - Mar 14, 2017 The Environmental Protection Agency official who was in charge of evaluating the cancer risk of Monsanto Co.'s Roundup allegedly bragged to a company executive that he deserved a medal if he could kill another agency's investigation into the herbicide ...Monsanto Forged Academic Research &amp; 'Killed' Gov. Review Of Company - The Ring of Fire NetworkPlaintiffs in US lawsuit say Monsanto ghostwrote Roundup studies - Fox News"
p1
aS'Monsanto Company  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 15 Equities.com - 11 hours ago Monsanto Company  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 15, as the stock lost 0.53% to close at $113.37. On the day, Monsanto Company saw 3 million shares trade hands on 17,145 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Monsanto comes under CCI lens for again unfair business ways Daily News & Analysis - 16 hours ago The latest complaint was filed by Andhra Pradesh-based Sri Rama Agri Genetics  against Mahyco Monsanto Biotech India, Monsanto Holdings, Monsanto Company, Maharashtra Hybrid Seeds Company and Monsanto Technology LLC. Among others&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Key Element of Monsanto Weed Killer Not a Carcinogen, European Agency Says New York Times - 13 hours ago The decision was welcome for Monsanto, coming a day after unsealed records from a federal court in San Francisco raised questions about the safety of the weed killer, Roundup, and concerns about the company's research practices. The European review&nbsp;...Emails Reveal Monsanto's Tactics To Defend Glyphosate Against Cancer Fears - KPBSRegulation of Monsanto's 'Roundup' Herbicide Called Into Question by Emails - Wall Street Journal "
p4
aS'Monsanto Company  Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 4 hours ago Monsanto Company logo Monsanto Company  was upgraded by investment analysts at Vetr from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday.How has Monsanto Company:  performed recently? - The Daily LeicesterThe Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Sells 6370 Shares of Monsanto Company  - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS'Should You Try To Profit From The Bayer/Monsanto Deal? Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 In the case of the Bayer/Monsanto deal, Monsanto agreed to be acquired by Bayer for $128 per share or $66 B. If the deal materializes, it will be the largest cash transaction on record and will combine two companies that comprise a quarter of the world ...'
p6
aS"Earnings Clues on Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. , Monsanto Company ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Monsanto Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 12.05, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p7
aS'Pima County strikes Monsanto tax deal incentive, company moves forward with ... Arizona Daily Wildcat - Feb 22, 2017 The Pima County Board of Supervisors pulled discussion of a deal with the Monsanto Company from their meeting on Tuesday, Feb. 21.Fortune 500 company Monsanto to grow GMO corn in Tucson - Cronkite NewsMonsanto withdraws from property tax break - Tucson Local Media'
p8
aS'Monsanto: Acquisition By Bayer A Done Deal? Not So Fast. Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 Bayer and Monsanto say the combined companies will spend more on research and development, but farmers say they will be stuck with higher prices and less innovation.'
p9
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Monsanto Company , Franklin Resources, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business."
p10
a.