(lp0
S'Marathon Petroleum Corp. and MPLX LP announce executive retirement Nasdaq - 22 hours ago FINDLAY, Ohio, March 15, 2017 - Marathon Petroleum Corporation  and MPLX LP  today announced the retirement of Randy S. Nickerson, executive vice president, Corporate Strategy, MPC, and executive vice president and chief&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corporation  Rises 3.1% for March 15 Equities.com - 11 hours ago Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Wednesday March 15 was Marathon Petroleum Corporation , popping some 3.1% to a price of $51.56 a share with some 5.92 million shares trading hands.'
p2
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corp  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by Analysts Chaffey Breeze - 16 hours ago Marathon Petroleum Corp logo Marathon Petroleum Corp  has received an average rating of Buy from the sixteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock.The Marathon Petroleum Corp  Stake Decreased by Fmr LLC - Petro Global News 24Digging Up the Facts on Marathon Petroleum Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corp. appoints Rodney P. Nichols as executive vice ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 FINDLAY, Ohio, March 9, 2017 - Marathon Petroleum Corp.  today announced the appointment of Rodney P. Nichols, senior vice president, Human Resources and Administrative Services, to executive vice president, Human Resources, Health and&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corp. drops down terminal, pipeline and storage assets to ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 FINDLAY, Ohio, March 1, 2017 - Marathon Petroleum Corp.  and MPLX LP  today closed a transaction in which MPC contributed certain terminal, pipeline and storage assets to MPLX for total consideration of $2.015 billion.Marathon Petroleum sells assets to its MLP for $2 billion - ReutersMarathon Petroleum Corporation : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS"Briefs -- Gulf South Pipeline | Marathon Petroleum Corp. | PA DEP | SoCal ... Natural Gas Intelligence - Mar 10, 2017 Ohio-based Marathon Petroleum Corp.'s midstream master limited partnership , MPLX LP, closed a $220 million oil pipeline acquisition and separately received a $2 billion dropdown of oil terminal, pipeline and storage assets from Marathon."
p6
aS'Marathon Petroleum promotes Nichols The Courier - Mar 11, 2017 Rodney Nichols has been promoted by Marathon Petroleum Corp. to executive vice president for human resources, health and administrative services.Norges Bank Takes Position in Marathon Petroleum Corp  - Chaffey BreezeTaking a Look at the Data Behind Marathon Petroleum Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p7
aS"Post Earnings Coverage as Marathon Petroleum's Q4 Results Outperformed ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 15, 2017 LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / February 15, 2017 / Active Wall St. announces its post-earnings coverage on Marathon Petroleum Corp. . The Company disclosed its financial results for the fourth quarter fiscal 2016  and full year fiscal&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Marathon Petroleum Corporation  The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Marathon Petroleum Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: ExxonMobil, BP, Marathon Petroleum, Kinder ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include ExxonMobil Corp. , BP plc , Marathon Petroleum Corp. , Kinder Morgan Inc.  and EOG Resources Inc.'
p10
a.