(lp0
S"LinkedIn Corp  Co-Founder Joins Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... Market Exclusive - 13 hours ago I've long admired Reid's ability to identify disruptive technologies and the passion we share for how digital platforms can create [a] new opportunity for people around the world, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said in a statement. As a board member ...LinkedIn Co-Founder Reid Hoffman to join Microsoft Corporation  board - Benchmark Monitor"
p1
aS"Microsoft Corporation  Stock: Create Income From Value Investorplace.com - 19 hours ago A few weeks ago, I shared a trade idea in Microsoft Corporation  from which I was lucky enough to scalp profits.Microsoft: Will This Dividend Stock Resume Its Growth Profile? - Seeking AlphaToday's Brokerage Rating: Microsoft Corporation , Cisco Systems, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Microsoft Corporation Motley Fool - Mar 11, 2017 Microsoft  shares rallied 24% over the past 12 months, hitting a historic high and outperforming the S&amp;P 500's 18% gain.Microsoft Corporation  Picks ARM Chips For Its Cloud Servers - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS"Is It Time to go for Microsoft Corporation , Delta Air Lines, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Microsoft Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 11.51 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"AAA Credit Rating Stocks In Focus: Microsoft Corporation  ValueWalk - Mar 7, 2017 This stellar credit rating is a testament to the strength and stability of Microsoft's business model. Microsoft has delivered incredible total returns over the years, and made Bill Gates  a billionaire many times over. He is the ...AAA Credit Rating Stocks In Focus: Microsoft - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'Nvidia Corporation  Pairs With Microsoft Corporation  in AI Power Move Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 Cloud computing continues to grow in importance. And with it, artificial intelligence - or AI - is an increasingly critical component.Most Active Tech Stocks: Microsoft Corporation , NVIDIA Corporation  - TWNTwo Tech Stocks Are Just So Hot Right Now: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT ... - The Independent Republic'
p6
aS"EOd Risers: Microsoft Corporation, Nike Inc, Pfizer Inc., Procter &amp; Gamble Co DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 13, 2017 The trading price for Microsoft Corporation with EPIC code:  a technology company, increased 0.31% or 0.2 points in Friday's trading session."
p7
aS"Microsoft: The Rush To Scale 'Olympus' Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 It's nice when everyone wants to be your friend, and right now at the 2017 Open Compute Project  US Summit, it seems that everyone wants to be Microsoft's  friend. That's because Microsoft's Project Olympus seems to be the next OCP&nbsp;...AMD Collaborates with Microsoft to Advance Open Source Cloud Hardware - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS"Cavium Inc.'s Thunder X2 Aims for Microsoft Corporation's Cloud Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Data center chipmaker Cavium  announced on March 8 that it is &quot;collaborating with Microsoft  on evaluating and enabling a variety of cloud workloads running on [its] flagship Thunder X2 ARMv8-A Data Center processor for&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Microsoft Corporation : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Microsoft Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.