(lp0
S"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Sold for $353 Million AdAge.com - Jun 22, 2015 What's the perfect place setting for a multimillion dollar deal? That's a question for Martha Stewart any time, really, but especially on Monday after Sequential Brands Group, a retail licensing company, agreed to buy Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia ...A glance at the history of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia - Fox BusinessMartha Stewart Living to Be Bought by Sequential for $353 Million - Wall Street Journal"
p1
aS'Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Announces Closing of Merger with Sequential ... PR Newswire  - Dec 4, 2015 Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.  is a diversified media and merchandising company, inspiring and engaging consumers with unique lifestyle content and distinctive products.Sequential Brands Group Announces Closing of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia ... - GlobeNewswire Sequential completes Martha Stewart Living takeover - New York Post'
p2
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Reports Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Nov 5, 2015 In addition, MSLO's stockholders may request a free copy of the proxy statement/prospectus and other of MSLO's filings with the SEC from MSLO's website at www."
p3
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Announces Preliminary Stockholder Merger ... PR Newswire  - Dec 2, 2015 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.   announced today the preliminary results of the merger consideration elections made by stockholders of the company in connection with the company's proposed merger&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia: Unfavorable Trends Make Her A Sell Seeking Alpha  - Feb 12, 2015 Time Use Survey of American's time spent on both interior and exterior repair, maintenance and decoration has been in decline the last 10 years now."
p5
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2014 Results PR Newswire  - Mar 5, 2015 Fourth quarter results reflect the beginning of the impact of our partnership with Meredith Corporation , pursuant to which, effective November 1, MSLO, among other things, discontinued the publication of Martha Stewart Living and Martha ...Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia's  CEO Dan Dienst on Q4 2014 Results ... - Seeking Alpha "
p6
aS'Martha Stewart Nears Deal to Sell Fading Empire Wall Street Journal - Jun 18, 2015 Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. is close to selling itself to Sequential Brands Group Inc., an acquisitive retail-licensing company, according to people familiar with the matter.Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia  Stock Rising Amid Merger Talks - TheStreet.com'
p7
aS'Sequential Brands Group and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Announce ... PR Newswire  - Nov 23, 2015 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Sequential Brands Group, Inc.   and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.   announced today that MSLO stockholders that wish to make an election with respect to the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Macy's Settles Legal Dispute With Martha Stewart Living Bloomberg - Jan 2, 2014 Macy's Inc. and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. settled litigation over whether Martha Stewart breached a contract by selling certain goods at J.C.Martha Stewart, Macy's Settle Fight Over JC Penney Sales - Law360 "
p9
aS"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Reports Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Aug 5, 2015 Revenues in the second quarter of 2015 were $6.1 million, compared to $22.2 million in the prior year's second quarter reflecting our agreement with Meredith Corporation which resulted in MSLO's elimination of advertising and circulation revenue from&nbsp;...Martha Stewart reports loss as acquisition deal signed - New York Business Journal"
p10
a.