(lp0
S"Materion Corp. names Delphi Automotive exec as CEO Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 3, 2017 Mayfield Heights-based advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  announced a leadership succession that installs a veteran Delphi Automotive executive as CEO.Materion Corp.  Names Richard J. Hipple as Executive Chairman; Jugal K ... - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS"Materion Corp. completes $30 million acquisition of Germany's Heraeus Group Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 1, 2017 Mayfield Heights-based advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  said it has completed the previously announced $30 million acquisition of the target materials business of the Heraeus Group of Hanau, Germany.Materion Corporation Completes Heraeus Target Materials Acquisition - Yahoo FinanceMaterion Corporation  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p2
aS"Materion Corp. expands the responsibilities of three executives Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 4, 2017 Advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  of Mayfield Heights announced the transition of responsibilities for finance and legal functions stemming from the retirement of Michael C. Hasychak, the company's vice president, treasurer and&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'BRIEF-Materion Corporation announces planned leadership succession Reuters - Mar 3, 2017 ... * Materion Corp - Jugal K. Vijayvargiya has joined Materion and succeeded Hipple as president and chief executive officer.'
p4
aS'Materion Corporation  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 On March 13, 2017, Edward F. Crawford provided notice to Materion Corporation  that he would not stand for re-election as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company at its 2017 annual meeting of shareholders.'
p5
aS"Growth is next on the agenda at Materion Corp. Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 18, 2015 The transition has been in the works for a while; Kelley was brought on from PolyOne Corp. in 2011 in anticipation of this change."
p6
aS'Materion Corp.  PT Raised to $34 at Jefferies Following 4Q StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Jefferies raised its price target on Materion Corp.  to $34.00  while maintaining a Hold rating. Analyst Martin Engler commented, &quot;MTRN reported adj.Materion Corporation  Plunges 7% on February 20 - Equities.comMaterion Corporation  Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Southeast lab fire caused by titanium powder The Journal News | LoHud.com - Apr 1, 2015 SOUTHEAST - A small fire broke out in a laboratory at a commercial building north of Brewster after a chemical exploded when a worker opened a container Wednesday morning, officials said.'
p8
aS'Brush Engineered Materials plans to change its name to Materion Corp. in March Plain Dealer - Jan 17, 2011 Brush.jpg Joshua Gunter/The Plain DealerBill Coulthart prepares to cover molten metal at Brush Engineered Materials Lorain plant in this 2007 file photo.New name for Williams Advanced Materials - Bizjournals.com'
p9
aS"Materion Corp. in talks to acquire part of Germany-based Heraeus Group Crain's Cleveland Business - May 12, 2016 Materion Corp.  of Mayfield Heights disclosed that its Advanced Materials business segment is in discussions to acquire the high-performance target materials business of Heraeus Group of Germany.Materion Corporation Announces Discussions with Heraeus Group Regarding an ... - Business Wire "
p10
a.