(lp0
S'Minerals Technologies Expands Responsibilities for Three Senior Executives GlobeNewswire  - 22 hours ago New York-based Minerals Technologies Inc. is a resource- and technology-based growth company that develops, produces and markets worldwide a broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Relative Strength Alert For Minerals Technologies Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 In trading on Tuesday, shares of Minerals Technologies, Inc.  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 28.6, after changing hands as low as $72.35 per share.'
p2
aS'Minerals Technologies Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 15, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 14, 2017 Minerals Technologies Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.05 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 09, 2017.'
p3
aS'Minerals Technologies Inc  Position Reduced by State Board of ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Minerals Technologies logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System decreased its stake in shares of Minerals Technologies Inc  by 6.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and&nbsp;...Minerals Technologies Inc  has been upgraded to Hold in a statement ... - Breaking Finance News'
p4
aS'Minerals Technologies Inc  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Minerals Technologies Inc logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Minerals Technologies Inc  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday morning.Minerals Technologies Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p5
aS"BRIEF-Minerals Technologies names Castagna group president, performance ... Reuters - 21 hours ago March 15 A former investment adviser at an Oppenheimer Holdings Inc was sentenced to six months' imprisonment Wednesday after he pleaded guilty to insider trading based on information from a childhood friend working at Pfizer Inc."
p6
aS'Minerals Technologies  Chairman, CEO Muscari Passed Away StreetInsider.com - Sep 6, 2016 Minerals Technologies Inc.,  sadly announced today that Joseph C. Muscari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, died unexpectedly on September 3, 2016.Minerals Tech Chairman/CEO Muscari dies - Seeking Alpha'
p7
aS"Minerals Technologies'  CEO Doug Dietrich on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2016 Minerals Technologies Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being ... In 2016 for example, the company improved productivity measured by tons-per-hour worked by 7%. This saved close to $5&nbsp;...Minerals Technologies Inc.  Issues Earnings Results - The Cerbat GemMinerals Technologies Inc  Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations ... - Highland Mirror"
p8
aS"Minerals Technologies'  CEO Doug Dietrich on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 6, 2016 On today's call our prepared remarks will be prepared by Doug Dietrich, our co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer."
p9
aS"Option Market: Minerals Technologies Inc Risk Hits A Depressed Level CML News - Mar 5, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Minerals Technologies Inc&nbsp;..."
p10
a.