(lp0
S'MWI Veterinary Supply Announces 2014 Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results Marketwired  - Nov 6, 2014 ... against issuing or confirming financial forecasts or projections issued by others. Thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not the responsibility of MWI ...'
p1
aS'AmerisourceBergen to Buy MWI Veterinary Supply New York Times - Jan 12, 2015 The AmerisourceBergen Corporation, a drug distributor, agreed on Monday to buy MWI Veterinary Supply for about $2.5 billion in cash, expanding into the animal health business.Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc.  by ... - PR Newswire MWI Veterinary Supply  Stock Surges Today as AmerisourceBergen Buys It ... - TheStreet.com'
p2
aS'MWI Veterinary Supply Acquires Vetspace Marketwired  - Sep 2, 2014 BOISE, ID-- - MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Vetspace Limited and certain of its affiliates .'
p3
aS'Vetswest Limited sold to MWI Veterinary Supply Inc Business Leader - Sep 3, 2015 Vestwest is a provider of buying group and ancillary services to member veterinary practice across the UK; with MWI being a US based veterinary supplies wholesaler. Corporate finance and law teams from Grant Thornton UK LLP and TLT LLP worked on the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'AmerisourceBergen Completes Acquisition of MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc. Business Wire  - Feb 24, 2015 BUSINESS WIRE)--AmerisourceBergen Corporation  today announced the completion of its acquisition of MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc. . Following the completion of its successful tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'MWI Veterinary Supply buys Nelson Laboratories for $7 million Pork Magazine - Mar 22, 2011 MWI Veterinary Supply Inc. completed a $7 million acquisition of Nelson Laboratories LP, a distributor of livestock vaccines and other animal health products in the Midwest.'
p6
aS'President and CEO of MWI Vet Supply James F. Cleary Jr. Sold 76394 shares NASDAQ - Jun 19, 2012 MWI Veterinary Supply is a distributor of animal health products to veterinarians across the United States of America. MWI Vet Supply has a market cap of $1.25 billion; its shares were traded at around $99.32 with a P/E ratio of 25.8 and P/S ratio of 0.8.'
p7
aS'Veterinary supplier moves distribution center to Twin Cities from SD, Wis. Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal  - Nov 5, 2012 A Boise, Idaho-based supplier to veterinarians is opening a new warehouse in Shakopee this month. MWI Veterinary Supply Inc. has leased 125,000 square feet in the Minnesota Valley Distribution Center II building at 5655 11th Ave. E., according to Debby&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Jeremy Ouchley is VP, general counsel at MWI Veterinary Supply Idaho Business Review - Oct 17, 2013 Jeremy Ouchley Jeremy C. Ouchley has joined MWI Veterinary Supply Inc. in Boise as vice president and general counsel. Ouchley previously worked as business unit counsel for McKesson Corporation.'
p9
aS'MWI Vet Acquires IVESCO Holdings - Analyst Blog NASDAQ - Nov 4, 2013 MWI Veterinary Supply Inc.  recently acquired all the assets of U.S.-based key competitor IVESCO Holdings for $67.5 million along with net working capital adjustment of $11.2 million.'
p10
a.