(lp0
S"Nature's Sunshine Prod.  Plans $0.10 Quarterly Dividend BNB Daily  - Mar 15, 2017 Nature's Sunshine Prod. logo Nature's Sunshine Prod.  declared a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, March 8th.Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Buys 13100 Shares of Nature's Sunshine Prod ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p1
aS"Why Nature's Sunshine Products  Stock Is Rising Today TheStreet.com - Jun 26, 2014 NEW YORK  -- Shares of Nature's Sunshine Products Inc.  are up 13.4% to $17.77 after it inked a deal with Fosun Pharma in which the joint venture will distribute and market Nature's Sunshine and Synergy products in China."
p2
aS"Revenue Update on Nature's Sunshine Prod. Energy Index - Mar 13, 2017 Nature's Sunshine Prod. announced the earnings results for Fiscal Year 2016 and Q4. The results came in during After-Market on Mar 7, 2017."
p3
aS"Nature's Sunshine Prod.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 Chaffey Breeze - Mar 9, 2017 Nature's Sunshine Prod. logo Nature's Sunshine Prod.  declared a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, March 8th."
p4
aS"Nature's Sunshine Prod.  Major Shareholder Wynnefield Partners Small Cap ... Sports Perspectives - 11 hours ago Nature's Sunshine Prod. logo Nature's Sunshine Prod.  major shareholder Wynnefield Partners Small Cap acquired 13,100 shares of Nature's Sunshine Prod. stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were bought at an&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Nature's Sunshine Prod. : Insiders Are Buying, Should You? Insider Monkey  - Apr 15, 2013 Nature's Sunshine Prod.  To most stock holders, hedge funds are seen as slow, outdated financial tools of yesteryear."
p6
aS"Social Media: The Multi-Level Marketing Breeding Ground Benzinga - Jun 30, 2016 These consultants or distributors are using their own social media platform to promote health-brand MLM products. Technically, it's their free, personal marketing and not a statement from the company, as these consultants or distributors aren't truly ..."
p7
aS"TherapeuticsMD Inc  Earns Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Chaffey Breeze - Feb 7, 2017 TherapeuticsMD, Inc is a women's healthcare product company. The Company's segment is creating and commercializing products for women. It is focused on conducting clinical trials necessary for regulatory approval and commercialization of advanced&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Yara International ASA  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... Chaffey Breeze - Feb 6, 2017 The Company operates through three operating segments: Crop Nutrition, Industrial and Production. Receive News &amp; Ratings for Yara International ASA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Productivity in the US Fell for Another Quarter Chaffey Breeze - Dec 5, 2016 Worker productivity in the U.S. has dropped during the spring making it the third consecutive quarter the rate has fallen, extending a stall in growth of labor productivity that is threatening to restrain the pay of workers and the economy as a whole ...'
p10
a.