(lp0
S'NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 About NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics.'
p1
aS'Trading View on Shares of Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  Rives Journal - 14 hours ago Traders may be trying to figure out whether it is a good time to enter or exit a position in Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc . The Average Directional Index or ADX is a technical analysis indicator used to describe if a market is trending or not ...'
p2
aS'NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Submission of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 About NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics.'
p3
aS'Navidea Biopharmaceuticals: Short-Term Pain Or Short-Term Gain? Seeking Alpha - Oct 10, 2016 Navidea  has recently been embroiled in a trench war of litigation with its loan instrument Capital Royalty Group , which starting in the first part of 2016.'
p4
aS'NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics.Investors Attention Alert: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  - Is storiesStock Price of Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  Increases 49.57% - Energy Index'
p5
aS"What We Expect Going Forward From Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  Insider Financial - Oct 13, 2016 We've followed Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  pretty closely over the last year or so. The company is embroiled in litigation, the outcome of which essentially could decide its future as a drugmaker, and this has weighed heavily on its&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Stock Price of Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  Decreases -9.79% Energy Index - Mar 13, 2017 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. s trend and data analysis indicates that the stock price has dropped -7.72% in the past 12 Weeks but analyzing the 6 month chart of the stock, the price of the stock has managed to drop negative and it has dropped down ...Investor's Alert: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  - TopChronicleNavidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc : How technical signals have emerged? - Post Analyst"
p7
aS"Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Enters into Letter of Intent with Cardinal Health ... Yahoo Finance - Sep 6, 2016 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced that it has executed a Letter of Intent  with Cardinal Health, Inc.  for the sale of all rights, title and interest to Navidea's Lymphoseek product for all FDA-approved ...Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  Navidea Biopharmaceuticals  Stock: Continuing Up | Can It Hold Onto Gains? - CNA Finance "
p8
aS"Company Update : Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc's Lymphoseek(r ... Smarter Analyst - Sep 16, 2016 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  has announced that the European Medicines Agency's  Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use  has granted a positive opinion for a new Lymphoseek 50 microgram kit for&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'The Way Analysts See Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  Post Analyst - 2 hours ago Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  traded at an unexpectedly low level on 03/15/2017 when the stock experienced a 4.64 gain to a closing price of $0.62.Traders Recap: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  , Maximus, Inc ... - NYSE Journal Company Review: Narrowing in on Shares of Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc ... - Geneva Journal'
p10
a.