(lp0
S'Why First NBC Bank Holding Company Stock Is Up 12% Today Motley Fool - Jan 3, 2017 First NBC will generate about $200 million of liquidity from the transaction, which should bolster its reserves. Both First NBC and Hancock Holding Company are trading higher today, evidence that investors believe the deal is a win-win transaction for ...First NBC Announces Appointment of Crowe Horwath as New Independent Auditor - PR Newswire First NBC announces new auditor after selling branches, loans to Whitney Bank - New Orleans CityBusiness '
p1
aS"Regulators Say First NBC Bank in 'Troubled Condition' Wall Street Journal - Oct 20, 2016 First NBC Bank Holding Co. shares plunged after the New Orleans lender said regulators deemed it to be in troubled condition and restricted its ability to take on debt.First NBC Bank Co. deemed in 'troubled condition' by Fed - The AdvocateUPDATE: Regulators Deem First NBC Bank  to be in Troubled Condition - DJ ... - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS"New Orleans' troubled First NBC Bank anticipates further drop in value The Advocate - Feb 1, 2017 Shares of New Orleans-based First NBC Bank Holding Co. took a hard tumble this week after the troubled bank cast further doubt over its past accounting practices.First NBC Bank Holding Company  Plunges 32.77% on January 31 - Equities.comTrending Stock Alert: First NBC Bank Holding Company  - TopChronicle"
p3
aS'Analyst Activity  FBR &amp; Co Reiterates Hold on First NBC Bank Holding Company ... Market Exclusive - Mar 11, 2017 Today, FBR &amp; Co reiterated its Hold rating on First NBC Bank Holding Company . There are 3 hold ratings, 1 buy rating on the stock.First NBC Bank Holding Company  Shares Bought by Federated Investors Inc. PA - The Cerbat GemThe First NBC Bank Holding Company  Receives Average Rating of Hold ... - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS"Troubled First NBC Bank raises cash by selling 9 branches, $1.3 billion in ... The Advocate - Dec 31, 2016 The bank responded earlier this month by unveiling a management shakeup that removed founder Ashton Ryan Jr. as chief executive, though he remains president of the bank and its parent company, First NBC Bank Holding Co. The bank's problems&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'First NBC Bank Holding: Underfollowed And Unloved, But Not Without A Reason Seeking Alpha - Aug 19, 2016 Through its wholly-owned subsidiary - First NBC Bank, a Louisiana state non-member bank - First NBC Bank Holding Company  provides a wide range of financial services in New Orleans , Florida  and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'First NBC Bank Weighing Capital Raising or Sale Wall Street Journal - Nov 6, 2016 Struggling First NBC Bank Holding Co. is pursuing strategic options, weighing the possibilities of raising new capital by selling shares or of an outright sale of the bank, according to people familiar with the matter.'
p7
aS'First NBC Bank Holding: The 2015 10-K Is Finally Here, But The Disappointments ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 26, 2016 This is a follow-up article on First NBC Bank Holding  - a Louisiana state non-member bank which provides a wide range of financial services in New Orleans , Florida  and Mississippi Gulf Coast.'
p8
aS'First NBC Appoints Carl J. Chaney as Chief Executive Officer PR Newswire  - Feb 6, 2017 NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- First NBC Bank Holding Company   today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Carl J. Chaney as Chief Executive Officer, effective upon regulatory&nbsp;...First NBC Bank names Carl Chaney, formerly of Hancock Bank, as new CEO - NOLA.com'
p9
aS"Short of an outright sale, First NBC Bank deal 'a big step forward,' but ... The Advocate - Jan 8, 2017 In a deal announced Dec. 30, First NBC Bank's parent company agreed to sell nine branches and $1.3 billion in loans to Whitney Bank's Mississippi-based owner, Hancock Holding Co. The transaction gives First NBC Bank more than $200 million in cash and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.