(lp0
S'NCI, Inc.  Controller Embezzled Money StreetInsider.com - Jan 23, 2017 NCI, Inc.  announced today that, based upon preliminary findings, it has discovered that its controller, acting alone, embezzled money from the Company.NCI accuses employee of embezzling millions - Washington Business JournalNCI Announces Internal Investigation - Business Wire '
p1
aS'Rosen Law Firm Continues to Investigate Securities Claims Against NCI, Inc. - NCIT GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 15, 2017  -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces it is continuing to investigate potential securities claims on behalf of shareholders of NCI, Inc. resulting from allegations that NCI may have&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of NCI, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 24, 2017 NEW YORK, Jan. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harwood Feffer LLP  is investigating potential claims against the board of directors of NCI, Inc.   concerning whether the board has breached its fiduciary&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'NCI, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Feb 14, 2017 As previously disclosed on January 23, 2017, NCI, Inc., a Delaware corporation , commenced an internal investigation upon discovering that its former controller, Jon Frank, had been embezzling money from the Company.'
p4
aS'NCI makes abrupt change at the top Washington Business Journal - Oct 31, 2016 The leadership of Reston-based government IT firm NCI Inc.  is changing hands, with the company announcing Monday that industry vet Paul Dillahay is taking over as president and CEO.NCI, Inc.  CEO Clark Resigns; Successor Named - StreetInsider.comNCI names new CEO as Clark departs - Washington Technology'
p5
aS"Court freezes alleged NCI embezzler's assets as feds open investigation Washington Business Journal - Feb 15, 2017 A circuit court judge in Fairfax County has frozen the assets of a former controller at NCI Inc. following allegations last month that he embezzled millions from the company over several years, court documents filed on Feb. 2 reveal.Which Analysts Are Watching NCI, Inc. ? - Fiscal Standard"
p6
aS'BRIEF-NCI Inc says co, units entered into amendment to loan and security agreement Reuters - Feb 3, 2017 BRIEF-NCI Inc says co, units entered into amendment to loan and security agreement. Feb 3 NCI Inc. * NCI Inc - On Jan. 31, co and its units entered into certain fourth amendment to amended and restated loan and security agreement, dated December 13,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Buzz Stocks: McDonald's Corporation, Sprint Corp, and NCI Inc Schaeffers Research  - Jan 23, 2017 Dow futures are pointing to a lower start as traders lean toward caution for the first full week of Donald Trump's presidency."
p8
aS"NCI talks a lot about acquisitions. But would it consider a sale? Washington Business Journal - Oct 27, 2016 Reston-based NCI Inc.  hasn't been shy about its intention to make a major needle-moving merger or acquisition, but in Wednesday's third-quarter earnings call, the company entertained the idea of potentially being on the other side of the&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'What are Analysts Expecting for NCI, Inc.  Earnings? Aiken Advocate - Mar 13, 2017 NCI, Inc.  has a current consensus EPS estimate for the quarter of $0.2 based on Street analyst predictions.'
p10
a.