(lp0
S'Global Eagle and Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Enter Strategic Partnership ... Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  is a leading global cruise company that operates the Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brands.'
p1
aS'Suit claims former Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings CEO had improper relations ... Miami Herald - Mar 13, 2017 Two former Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings CEOs are duking it out Dr. Phil style in a sizzling lawsuit that claims one was fired due to improper relationships with Norwegian employees. When former CEO Kevin Sheehan abruptly resigned in January 2015&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Announces Order for Next Generation of Ships ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 16, 2017 MIAMI, Feb. 16, 2017  -- Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  (together with NCL Corporation Ltd.Norwegian orders four new 3300-passenger ships - South Florida Business Journal'
p3
aS'Norwegian Cruise Line Revenue Helped by Fleet Additions Wall Street Journal  - Feb 22, 2017 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. gave a rosy outlook for operations this year as it reported Wednesday that revenue and profit rose in the fourth quarter, thanks to additions to its fleet.Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 28, 2017 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  stock went underwater in 2016, dropping 27% according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Top Stocks of the day: Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  - The News Journal'
p5
aS'Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings to Hold Conference Call on Fourth Quarter and ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 9, 2017 MIAMI, Feb. 09, 2017  -- Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  (together with NCL Corporation Ltd.Forward Earnings Estimate of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. - Highland Mirror'
p6
aS'Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Appoints Stella David to Its Board of ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 12, 2016 MIAMI, Dec. 12, 2016  -- Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  (together with NCL Corporation Ltd.Cruising Past Its Peers: Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings - Seeking AlphaNorwegian Cruise Line Holdings signs on first woman director - Seatrade Cruise News'
p7
aS'Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Frank J. Del Rio - Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Thank you, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this post-election Wednesday.Norwegian Cruise Line Saw Better Profits Than Expected in the Third Quarter - Skift'
p8
aS"Norwegian Cruise Line Releases Cruise Ship Renderings of Project Leonardo Cruise Fever - 15 hours ago Frank Del Rio, president and chief executive officer of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd, gave the following statement: This new class of ships will continue Norwegian Cruise Line brand's legacy of introducing meaningful innovation to the cruise ...Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (NASDAQ ... - Fiscal StandardNorwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  1-Year Price Target At $50.363 - Enterprise Leader"
p9
aS'Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Gets Permission to Cruise to Cuba Cruise Critic - Dec 7, 2016  -- Shortly after Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. revealed it would deploy two cruise ships to Cuba, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. said it received approval from the Cuban government to send all three of its brands -- Norwegian Cruise ...Norwegian, Royal Caribbean gain approvals for cruises to Cuba - South Florida Business Journal'
p10
a.