(lp0
S'Energy Systems Group Awarded UESC at Maxwell Air Force Base Yahoo Finance - Aug 24, 2016 MONTGOMERY, AL-- - Energy Systems Group , a leading energy services provider and wholly owned subsidiary of Vectren Corporation , in collaboration with its utility partner, Alabama Power Company , a ...'
p1
aS"Environmental policies are driving down consumer energy bills, experts say The Independent - 10 hours ago The average consumer has saved 115 a year on their energy bills since the Government committed to legally binding targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, according to a new analysis by the Government's climate change advisers. Annual gas and ...Government advisors conclude UK has cut emissions without pushing up energy bills - www.businessgreen.comCP Daily: Wednesday March 15, 2017 - Carbon Pulse "
p2
aS'Blockchain is changing finance forever: It will do the same to flawed energy ... City A.M. - 4 hours ago New innovations and interfaces have been layered on top of clunky pre-internet systems that make seemingly simple procedures difficult and slow.'
p3
aS'EBI, Shell sign $25 million partnership to fund new energy tech research UC Berkeley - 18 hours ago The overarching objective is to harness the power of renewable energy sources to develop the fuels of the future, create robust options for energy storage, build capabilities in computational material science and chemistry, and probe the potential of ...'
p4
aS"E.On aims to be 'pacesetter' in digitalised clean energy market Clean Energy News - 21 hours ago German energy giant E.On has set its sights on being one of the pacesetters of the digitalisation of the energy market as it looks to evolve following the spinoff of its nuclear business. The energy ... As a result it has listed strategic objectives ..."
p5
aS'BMW drives Vattenfall storage reNews - Mar 14, 2017 Vattenfall head of business area wind Gunnar Groebler said: We want to use the sites where we generate electricity from renewable energies in order to drive the transformation to a new energy system and to facilitate the integration of renewable ...Vattenfall Bringing BMW Battery Storage To Wind Farms - North American Windpower'
p6
aS'Opinion Monadnock Ledger Transcript - Mar 14, 2017 Last fall I went to the New Ipswich town offices to see what the assessment was on my solar system. ... After exhaustive research about the negatives of fracked gas I felt my best option was to install a solar PV system on our property that would not ...'
p7
aS"How Upper Austria is tackling heating emissions through awareness raising and ... The Climate Group - Feb 22, 2017 The new case study is part of The Climate Group's Energy Transition Platform, a global initiative supporting highly industrialized, sub-national governments in accelerating the low carbon transition, and looks at how Upper Austria is activating both ..."
p8
aS"North East energy sector could be 'crucial' to Northern Powerhouse, experts say ChronicleLive - Mar 1, 2017 These things link together through what people call energy systems integration and it's absolutely fantastic that at Newcastle University we've got a new Centre for Energy Systems Integration. This is looking at the way in which heat and power and ..."
p9
aS'Orion Energy Systems Announces Appointment of New Director Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Orion Energy Systems, Inc. , a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, energy-efficient retrofit lighting platforms, announced today that it has increased the size of its Board of Directors to nine, and appointed Ellen B. Richstone ...ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... - Market Exclusive'
p10
a.