(lp0
S'MKS Instruments to Buy Newport Corp. for $897 Million in Cash Wall Street Journal - Feb 23, 2016 MKS Instruments Inc. on Tuesday said it would acquire Newport Corp. for $897 million in cash, a move to expand its presence beyond its core semiconductor business.Newport Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2015 Results - PR Newswire Why Newport Corp Stock Skyrocketed 50% Today - Motley Fool'
p1
aS"MKS Instruments Announces Closing of Acquisition of Newport Corporation GlobeNewswire  - Apr 29, 2016 We're excited by the combination of MKS Instruments and Newport Corporation, as it creates a premier supplier of critical components and subsystems for a diverse set of end markets, from semiconductor to life sciences, each with a common need for ..."
p2
aS'Hexapods Photonics.com - Jan 6, 2017 IRVINE, Calif. - The HXP200 series of hexapods from Newport Corp. can position loads up to 50 kg on six axes with precision, speed and accuracy.'
p3
aS"Police appeal for missing Blaenavon teenage boy last seen in Newport South Wales Argus - Mar 13, 2017 GWENT Police have launched an appeal for information after a 16-year-old teenage boy from Torfaen was reported missing. Jake Field, of Blaenavon, was last seen on Thursday, March 9 at around 8.40am along Newport's Corporation Road, and he was&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Biolase Appoints Nelson as SVP and CFO Photonics.com - Mar 13, 2017 He has worked as the plant controller at C.R. Bard Inc.; finance director at Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.; and as chief accounting officer at Newport Corp. He holds an MBA from the Olin Graduate School of Business at Babson College and a bachelor's ..."
p5
aS'Police appeal after robbery in Corporation Road shop, Newport South Wales Argus - Mar 10, 2017 GWENT Police would like to speak with these two people in connection with a robbery at a store in Corporation Road, Newport. The offence happened between 8.50pm and 9.00pm on Thursday, March 9. A spokeswoman for Gwent Police said: &quot;During the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Newport Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Mar 10, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Newport Corporation  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Friday 10th of March state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"MKS Instruments  Looks Good on Solid Market Demand Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 For instance, the Newport Corporation buyout  has been bolstering the company's top and bottom lines, by cementing its presence in the Life Sciences, Semiconductor, Research and Industrial markets."
p8
aS'Skyline Corp. Promotes Newport to COO Inside INdiana Business - Mar 3, 2017 Elkhart-based Skyline Corp. has promoted Jeff Newport to chief operating officer. He has served as senior vice president of operations since joining the firm last February.'
p9
aS'Kazakhstan can be transit hub between Southeast Asia and Europe Astana Times - Mar 15, 2017 We suggest using the ports of the Saigon Newport Corporation to deliver goods from Vietnam and other countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations to the port of Lianyungang and further to Kazakhstan, Russia and European countries, he said.'
p10
a.