(lp0
S"Investments in Germany and India Are Paying Off for Netflix, Inc.  Yahoo Finance - 14 hours ago The early results are in, and at least one Wall Street firm is now convinced that Netflix, Inc.  may be doing better in international markets than originally expected.Take Jeffries' Netflix, Inc.  Upgrade With a Grain of Salt - Investorplace.comNetflix Higher Off Jefferies Upgrade - Benzinga"
p1
aS'Investor Alert: Kaplan Fox Announces Investigation Of Netflix, Inc. Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago NEW YORK, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kaplan Fox &amp; Kilsheimer LLP  is investigating claims on behalf of investors of Netflix, Inc.  . A class action complaint has been filed in the United States&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Better Buy: Facebook Inc vs. Netflix, Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Netflix benefits from, as I see it, three different types of moats. The first is the brand. The Qwikster fiasco not withstanding, the company has won over legions of loyal customers who appreciate the service and its original content.'
p3
aS"Better Buy: Netflix, Inc. vs. HBO Motley Fool - Feb 25, 2017 The proliferation of premium video services is giving entertainment-hungry consumers a wide array of choices in securing quality content, and that's the fertile soil where Netflix  and HBO are planting their flags. Netflix and HBO have ..."
p4
aS"7 Great Reasons to Buy Netflix, Inc. and Never Sell Motley Fool - Feb 18, 2017 Netflix is the largest and oldest component of my personal investment portfolio, and I would buy the stock today if I didn't already own it.What's Wrong With Netflix? - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"Is Netflix Inc. Falling Behind in the World's Fastest Growing Internet Market? Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 Since India is the world's fastest growing internet and smartphone market, it is important for Netflix to establish itself in the region."
p6
aS"NFLX Stock: Why the Market Loves Netflix, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 It's easy to understand why regular investors get excited about Netflix, Inc.  stock -- but when veteran Wall Street analysts start getting giddy, it's time to pull up a chair and pay attention."
p7
aS'UBS Says Netflix, Inc.  Stock Has 26% Upside Investorplace.com - Mar 6, 2017 UBS analysts upgraded Netflix shares from neutral to buy on Monday, raising their price target to $175 from $136.Netflix, Inc. Stock Rises After Upgrade To Buy, But Some Warn Of Bullish Reversal - ValueWalkChecking the Overall Picture for Netflix, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p8
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Netflix, Inc ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Netflix, Inc.   between July 22, 2014 and October 15, 2014.'
p9
aS"Netflix has a moat, and it should be rewarded. Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 For those who haven't watched Narcos in its two seasons on Netflix ; Plata O Plomo is a quote repeated by Pablo Escobar when he faced his victims."
p10
a.