(lp0
S"Acorda deal to end NeurogesX's pain? San Francisco Business Times  - Apr 18, 2013 Acorda Therapeutics Inc. will buy NeurogesX Inc.'s Qutenza pain patch and a related experimental liquid version of the drug for up to $12 million."
p1
aS'NeurogesX Appoints Dr. Stephen J. Peroutka as Executive Vice President and ... GlobeNewsWire  - Oct 31, 2011 SAN MATEO, Calif., Oct. 31, 2011  -- NeurogesX, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing novel pain management therapies, today announced the appointment of Stephen J.'
p2
aS'Acorda Therapeutics acquires two neuropathic pain management assets from NeurogesX News-Medical.net - Jul 9, 2013 Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  today announced that it has acquired two neuropathic pain management assets from NeurogesX, Inc. . Qutenza is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  for the management of&nbsp;...Acorda Therapeutics Announces Acquisition of Two Neuropathic Pain Assets - EON: Enhanced Online News '
p3
aS"FDA approves NeurogesX's Qutenza patch for postherpetic neuralgia treatment News-Medical.net - Nov 17, 2009 NeurogesX, Inc.  announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  has approved Qutenza  8% patch, the first and only product containing prescription strength capsaicin, for the management of neuropathic&nbsp;...New Drug for Lingering Shingles Pain - WebMDFDA Approves New Drug Treatment for Long-Term Pain Relief after Shingles Attacks - FDA.gov"
p4
aS'Qutenza 8% patch now available for pain associated with PHN: NeurogesX News-Medical.net - Apr 6, 2010 NeurogesX, Inc.  announced today that Qutenza  8% patch, the first and only product containing prescription-strength capsaicin, is now available.'
p5
aS'NovaBay Names Keith Bley as Senior Vice President of Product Development GlobeNewswire  - Mar 11, 2013 Prior to his consulting work, Dr. Bley was the Senior Vice President for Nonclinical Research and Development at NeurogesX, Inc. for over ten years. While at NeurogesX, Dr. Bley supported all phases of drug development and built a thorough knowledge of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Blade lands $45M series B to hack fibrotic disease BioWorld Online - Jun 17, 2016 Robbins is a biopharma entrepreneur who has co-founded multiple companies, including Neurogesx Inc., Limerick Biopharma, Labrys Biologies and now Blade.'
p7
aS'FDA Turns Down Capsaicin Patch for Painful Neuropathy in HIV Medscape - Mar 9, 2012 March 9, 2012 - The US Food and Drug Administration  has issued a complete response letter for a supplemental new drug application proposing a label expansion of capsaicin 8% patch  to treatment of pain related to&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Qutenza, Chili Pepper Drug, Gets Mixed Review For Treating HIV-Related Pain Huffington Post - Feb 7, 2012 WASHINGTON, Feb 7  - NeurogesX Inc's pain treatment derived from chili peppers had only mixed success at treating pain in HIV patients, U.S."
p9
aS'Galena Biopharma Appoints Stephen F. Ghiglieri as Executive Vice President and ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2016 03, 2016  -- Galena Biopharma, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of hematology and oncology therapeutics that address unmet medical needs, today announced that Stephen F ...'
p10
a.