(lp0
S"Nobilis Health Corp'  CEO Harry Fleming on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 I look forward to to working closely with David in the Board and I feel confident that he has the expertise to take on this important responsibility as Chief Financial Officer for Nobilis. And with that I'd like to say good morning to everyone and ...Nobilis Health Announces Completion of Acquisition of Hamilton Vein Center - PR Newswire "
p1
aS"Monday's Market Insights: Mobileye NV , Heat Biologics Inc (HTBX ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 13, 2017 Mobileye NV  shares are soaring by 29% on Monday morning following the announcement that computer-chip giant Intel is acquiring Mobileye for $15.3 billion, the biggest ever exit in Israeli history."
p2
aS"Nobilis Health Corp  Downgraded to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment ... Chaffey Breeze - 6 hours ago Nobilis Health Corp   was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research report issued on Wednesday.Today's Brokerage Rating: Vonage Holdings Corporation , Nobilis Health ... - StockNewsJournalHave a look at Price Move: Nobilis Health Corp.  - Is stories"
p3
aS"Nobilis to Acquire Texas Based Vascular Business PR Newswire  - Jan 9, 2017 HOUSTON, Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Nobilis Health Corp.   announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Hamilton Vein Center, a provider of clinical and surgical procedures for&nbsp;...Nobilis Health Corp. to acquire Hamilton Vein Center for $13.3M  4 points - Becker's ASC Review"
p4
aS'Nobilis Health Corp. Announces the Appointment of David Young as Chief ... PR Newswire  - Feb 8, 2017 HOUSTON, Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Nobilis Health Corp.   today announced the appointment of Mr. David Young as its Chief Financial Officer.Nobilis Health Corp.  appointment Mr. David Young as CFO - Benchmark Monitor'
p5
aS'Nobilis Health Corp. Announces Notification of TSX De-Listing Review Regarding ... MarketWatch - Dec 21, 2016 HOUSTON, Dec. 20, 2016  -- Nobilis Health Corp.    announced today that it has been notified by the Toronto Stock Exchange  that the common share purchase&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Why Nobilis Health Is Getting Clobbered by 21.8% Today Motley Fool - May 12, 2016 What: After issuing a press release earlier Thursday saying it is delaying the filing of its first quarter financials while it awaits independent insight into two non-cash accounting matters, shares of Nobilis Health Corp.  are down 21.8 ...Nobilis Health: Growing Pains Or A Broken Model - Seeking AlphaNobilis Health Corp.   Upsets The Market With Late 1Q Filing - Scibility Media'
p7
aS'Nobilis Health Is Getting Ready To Take Off Seeking Alpha - Apr 21, 2016 Nobilis Health  had an incredible run since bottoming at $2 range in early 2016 rising more than 100% in two months of time.'
p8
aS'Nobilis Health Has Yet To Prove Itself Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2017 Nobilis Health  shares have been volatile in the past couple of months. Q3 results have been somewhat underwhelming.'
p9
aS"Nobilis Health Corp revenue and net income soar in fourth quarter Financial Post - Mar 18, 2016 Nobilis Health Corp   delivered a stellar fourth quarter and year end results after markets closed Wednesday, demonstrating unequivocally that the company's model of rolling up ambulatory health care centres in the southern&nbsp;..."
p10
a.