(lp0
S'Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC Agrees To Be Acquired By Brookfield Infrastructure Yahoo Finance UK - Jun 15, 2015 RADNOR, PENNSYLVANIA, June 14, 2015 -- Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC   announced today that it and its managing member, Niska Gas Storage Management LLC, have entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Brookfield&nbsp;...Niska Gas Storage to Be Acquired by Brookfield in $911.9M Deal   - StreetInsider.comNiska Partners  Stock Surging After Being Acquired by Brookfield ... - TheStreet.com'
p1
aS'Is The Niska Gas Storage Buyout An Opportunity? Seeking Alpha - Oct 28, 2015 This article discusses the potential merger-arbitrage opportunity in Niska Gas Storage Partners . Niska independently owns and operates natural gas storage assets in North America. Their facilities help to market natural gas storage services,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Is Niska Gas Storage Worth The Risk Of A 9.1% Yield? Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2014 Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC owns and operates natural gas storage assets in North America. It primarily operates the AECO Hub comprising the Countess and Suffield gas storage facilities in Alberta, Canada; the Wild Goose gas storage facility in&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'An Energy Company Once Worth a Billion Dollars Is Putting Itself Up for Sale Bloomberg - Apr 22, 2015 Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC, the natural gas-storage company whose value has collapsed as energy prices slumped, is exploring a sale.'
p4
aS"Moody's changes Niska's outlook to positive Moodys.com   - Oct 4, 2016 The revolver is available in equal amounts to AECO Gas Storage Partnership and Niska Gas Storage US, LLC, subject to the periodic borrowing base calculation."
p5
aS'Niska Gas Investor Sues To Halt $912M Brookfield Deal Law360  - Jun 26, 2015 Law360, Wilmington  -- An investor in Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC launched a class action in Delaware Chancery Court on Friday looking to halt a proposed $912 million purchase by Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP on&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'$912M Deal For Niska Gas Storage Draws Class Action Lawsuit Natural Gas Intelligence - Jun 30, 2015 An investor rights law firm has filed a class action lawsuit to block the $912 million sale of North American natural gas storage operator Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC to an affiliate of Brookfield Infrastructure. Within a day of the recently ...'
p7
aS'Brookfield Infrastructure raises distribution after acquisitions The Globe and Mail - Aug 3, 2016 In addition to Asciano, which is expected to close at the end of August, Brookfield recently completed the purchase of Houston-based Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC and a stake in a Peruvian toll-road portfolio. The company deployed $660-million (U.S ...'
p8
aS'Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Dec 3, 2016 Stock market analysts watching Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Friday 3rd of March state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Niska Gas Storage's dividend no longer looks rock-solid Investorplace.com - Nov 8, 2011 In the name of full disclosure, my original intention was to discuss how safe Niska Gas Storage Partners'  dividend is."
p10
a.