(lp0
S"Annaly Capital Management And The Euphoria Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 The movement dramatically closed the discount to book value to the point where it now rests around +1% to -1%, depending on if we count net interest accrual.Taking a Fresh Look at Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalStock on Trader's Radar: Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  - TopChronicle"
p1
aS'Annaly Capital Management Inc  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 Equities.com - 11 hours ago Annaly Capital Management Inc  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 15, as the stock gained 1.39% to close at $10.95.Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY ... - StockNewsJournalThe Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $6640000 Stake in Annaly Capital Management ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"Annaly Capital: Let's Face Reality Here Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 I have been holding Annaly Capital  for years. I have analyzed the name from many different angles over the years, but at the end of the day this is an income name, plain and simple.Today's Brokerage Rating: Annaly Capital Management, Inc. , Sprint ... - StockNewsJournalDividend Growth Analysis of Annaly Capital Management Inc  - Energy Index"
p3
aS'Annaly: A Good Purchase At $11.00 Per Share Seeking Alpha - Feb 26, 2017 Annaly Capital Management  is a bluechip mortgage REIT with a market cap of over 11 billion. The company is currently fairly priced or slightly undervalued and yields a dividend of 10.8%.Annaly Capital Management Inc  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 23 - Equities.com'
p4
aS"Annaly Capital: Just Did Not See That Coming Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Annaly Capital  remains one of my longest and oldest holdings. The mREIT sector began to rebound after three years of pain back in 2016, but in recent weeks has been hit hard.Yesterday's Consideration Movers: Delcath Systems Inc, Annaly Capital ... - TRAAnnaly Capital Management Inc  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS'Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Annaly Capital Management logo Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  was upgraded by research analysts at Vetr from a strong sell rating to a buy rating in a note issued to investors on Monday.Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Annaly Capital Management Inc  - Energy IndexAverage Brokerage Rating Of Annaly Capital Management, Inc. , Reynolds ... - The USA Commerce'
p6
aS"Annaly: The Real Surprise After Financial Results Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Annaly's quarterly results posted last February 15th came in as a positive surprise, especially book value. The real surprise is that discount to book value plummeted to low records after announcement."
p7
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: Annaly Capital Management Inc  CML News - 19 hours ago As we look at Annaly Capital Management Inc we note that a short put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the short put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Traders Alert: Annaly Capital Management, Inc. , Macy's, Inc.  TRA - 17 hours ago Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  ended its previous trading session at $10.8 with the Loss of -0.09%. The company's market cap is $11.01 Billion, and the average volume is $7.01 Million."
p9
aS'Annaly Capital Management Beats Hard On Book Value Estimates Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 NLY reported $11.16, which beat my estimates of $11. My estimates were an outlier to the high side. This should smash consensus forecasts.Annaly Capital Management, Inc. Reports 4th Quarter 2016 Results - Business Wire '
p10
a.