(lp0
S"NOBILITY HOMES, INC.  Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 The Company also sells its manufactured homes on a wholesale basis to independent manufactured home retail dealers and manufactured home communities. The Company's homes are available in approximately 100 models sold under the Kingswood,&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Nobility Homes Inc. MarketWatch - Apr 24, 2011 Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up of low-cost buy-and-hold index funds.  How to create your own Lazy Portfolio.'
p2
aS'Nobility Homes Inc - A Micro-Cap With Upside From The Recovering Property Market Seeking Alpha - Dec 5, 2016 Nobility Homes Inc  is a family owned manufactured housing company operating it the state of Florida. It has good fundamentals, has shown resilience during the 2009 downturn and is on a stable path to recovery.'
p3
aS"Nobility Homes- Shifting Demographics Will Provide High Topline Growth Going ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2016 An investment opportunity exists in Nobility Homes  due to growth in the retirement/old age community in Florida, translated into high demand for NOBH's products."
p4
aS'Company Review: Narrowing in on Shares of Nobility Homes, Inc.  Geneva Journal - Mar 1, 2017 Investors seeking value in the equity markets may be looking at the Magic Formula Rank or MF Rank for Nobility Homes, Inc. . Currently, Nobility Homes, Inc. has a MF Rank of 1779. The Magic Formula was developed and made popular by&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Interest in factory-built homes revived Ocala - Jun 1, 2014 Tom Trexler of Nobility Homes shows a large kitchen in one of companies' models. Nobility Homes manufactured homes offer many features of site built homes including large kitchens like this model on the companies Prestige Home Center on Friday May 30,&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Driver of stolen vehicle walks from crash scene Ocala - Jan 9, 2017 The unidentified driver apparently failed to negotiate a sharp curve and crashed a 2013 Nissan Altima into a road sign, ran through a plastic fence and came to rest on the property of Nobility Homes at 3741 SW Seventh St., adjacent to Interstate 75 ...'
p7
aS"Bewdley country house was once the home of nobility Birmingham Post - Oct 21, 2016 It's had dukes, earls and industrialists among its owners and the impressive country house even featured in a children's television programme."
p8
aS"Dh84m London home from 1850 lets you live like nobility  in pictures The National - Jan 5, 2017 Many traditional properties in the UK capital have been upgraded in recent years with a series of more modern features. The Tower House in the prestigious St John's Wood area of London is a good example of this."
p9
aS"Welcome, Please Remove Your Shoes The Atlantic - 22 hours ago ... general apathy among the Russian nobility. Oblomov's robe, the couch, and the slippers represent the hero's indifference to life outside his home. But they also symbolize the domestic space, the feeling of leaving the worries of the world at the ..."
p10
a.