(lp0
S'NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight UK Market News - Nov 18, 2016 01/27/2015 - NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. had its neutral rating reiterated by analysts at Wedbush. They now have a USD 46 price target on the stock.'
p1
aS'Why NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Shares Soared 28% in January Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2015 What: Shares of NPS Pharmaceuticals , a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing therapies targeted at rare and orphan-class diseases, soared by 28% in January, per S&amp;P Capital IQ, after a double dose of good news.'
p2
aS'Why NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stock Lifted Off in Midday Trading Motley Fool - Dec 17, 2014 So what: According to a Bloomberg report released during the trading session, Ireland-based Shire  is considering an offer for NPS Pharmaceuticals. Whether or not a bid would actually come to fruition will depend on whether or not Natpara,&nbsp;...Shire Said to Weigh Offer for NPS as It Revisits Deals - BloombergNPS Pharmaceuticals and Shire Up on Takeover Rumors - Zacks.com'
p3
aS"Cheap Stocks Wall Street Loves: NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 7, 2014 NPS Pharmaceuticals' stock is up nearly 150% over the trailing two-year period, yet it's still considered a cheap stock by Wall Street's standards."
p4
aS'NPS Pharmaceuticals: Misunderstood Assets And Compelling Value Play Seeking Alpha - Jun 27, 2012 NPS Pharmaceuticals  - based in Bedminster, NJ is a biotechnology company that engages in the development of therapeutics for the treatment of rare gastrointestinal and endocrine disorders.'
p5
aS"Shire to Buy NPS Pharmaceuticals for $5.2 Billion Wall Street Journal - Jan 11, 2015 Shire PLC is buying NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc., a maker of treatments for rare diseases, for $5.2 billion, returning to deal-making with the help of the breakup fee it received from one-time suitor AbbVie Inc. The all-cash deal, for $46 a share, would ...NPS Pharma's Long Road Ends With a $5.2B Shire Buyout - Xconomy"
p6
aS'Shire Said To Consider Buying NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  ValueWalk - May 30, 2014 The report said that Shire PLC    has been quietly working with a number of advisors and talking internally about possibly making an offer for NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. . The amount the drug maker is&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Shire Completes Acquisition of NPS Pharma PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2015 Shire plc  announces the successful completion of the tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  and the subsequent acquisition of NPS Pharma. The tender offer expired at 12:00&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Orphan Drug Company NPS Pharmaceuticals May Find Few Buyers TheStreet.com - Jan 6, 2015 Following on a year of blockbuster pharmaceutical deals, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that NPS had retained Goldman Sachs &amp; Co.Does Buying NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Makes Sense For Pharma Companies? - InvestCorrectly'
p9
aS'NPS Pharmaceuticals Announces New Calcilytics Agreement with GSK Business Wire  - Aug 2, 2011 BEDMINSTER, N.J.----NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company developing orphan therapeutics for rare gastrointestinal and endocrine disorders, today reported that it has entered into a new&nbsp;...'
p10
a.