(lp0
S'Norfolk Southern Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 15 Equities.com - 12 hours ago Norfolk Southern Corp.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 15, as the stock lost 0.71% to close at $117.51. On the day, Norfolk Southern Corp. saw 3.15 million shares trade hands on 29,753 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a ...The Wells Fargo &amp; Co Initiates Coverage on Norfolk Southern Corp.  - Petro Global News 24Norfolk Southern Corp.  Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Wells ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Norfolk Southern Corp. buys land outside Swanton for $2M Toledo Blade - Nov 29, 2016 SWANTON - Norfolk Southern Corp. has completed purchases in recent weeks of property just outside the village for a planned seven-track railroad yard.Comparing Norfolk Southern to Peers  - Investopedia'
p2
aS'Norfolk Southern Profit Rises as Cost-Cutting Continues Wall Street Journal - Jan 25, 2017 Norfolk Southern Corp. posted a decline in revenue but notched higher profit in its fourth quarter as it cut costs, an effort it said it would continue as rival railway operators are pushed to take similar belt-tightening measures.Norfolk Southern raises quarterly dividend - PR Newswire Norfolk Southern  Beats on Q4 Earnings - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Norfolk Southern  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 26, 2016 Our results this quarter, summarized on slide 4, reflect the successful proactive measures and strategies that Norfolk Southern continues to employ as we relentlessly focus on delivering results through efficiencies and asset utilization. We continue ...'
p4
aS'Norfolk Southern says count us out on Chicago rail bypass nwitimes.com - Dec 5, 2016 An attorney for Norfolk Southern Corp. wrote in a Dec. 2 letter to the federal Surface Transportation Board that &quot;Norfolk Southern reiterates its prior message to the STB that it has no plans to use the proposed route,&quot; which would run through LaPorte ...'
p5
aS"Miss the CSX Rally? Try Norfolk Southern Barron's - Mar 7, 2017 ... $124 from $118] to help investors deconstruct the moving parts under different corporate tax rate scenarios. Our initial analysis suggests that the immediate expensing of capital expenditure is a meaningful contributor to free cash flow; with ...The Norfolk Southern Corp.  Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse ... - DailyQuint"
p6
aS'Norfolk Southern  Q4 Earnings: What Lies in Store? Yahoo Finance - Jan 18, 2017 Coal-related headwinds are not unique to Norfolk Southern. Other railroad players like Union Pacific Corp. UNP and Kansas City Southern KSU are also being hurt by dwindling coal shipments.'
p7
aS'Norfolk Southern Dividend Stock Analysis 2016 Seeking Alpha - Sep 23, 2016 Norfolk Southern Corp  is the fifth largest publicly traded railroad company in North America. The company commands an impressive 20,000 miles of rail network serving 22 states and 40+ ports.'
p8
aS'Railroad aims to build yard for staging in Swanton area Toledo Blade - Aug 23, 2016 SWANTON - Norfolk Southern Corp. presented plans Monday night to Swanton Village Council for a seven-track staging yard along its main line through the village for parking, inspecting, and occasionally repairing trains.'
p9
aS"Timothy Tierney named president and chief operating officer of Conrail PR Newswire  - Mar 8, 2017 Jim Squires, Norfolk Southern chairman, president and CEO, said, &quot;Norfolk Southern greatly appreciates Ron's leadership over the past 19 years and his more than four decades as a dedicated railroader."
p10
a.