(lp0
S"How The National Security Group Inc's  9.1% ROE Fares Against The Industry? Simply Wall St - Feb 24, 2017 With a ROE of 9.1%, The National Security Group Inc  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged a ROE of 10.13%."
p1
aS'Revenue Update on National Security Group Inc Money Flow Index & Trends - Mar 7, 2017 National Security Group Inc announced the earnings results for Fiscal Year 2016 and Q4. The results came in during After-Market on Feb 28, 2017.National Security Group, Inc.  New Price Targets - UK Market News'
p2
aS'BRIEF-National Security Group quarterly loss per share $0.04 Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 KIEV, March 1 Ukraine has signed a memorandum with the International Monetary Fund that paves the way for the disbursement of the next tranche of loans under its $17.5 billion bailout programme, a source in the central bank said on Wednesday.'
p3
aS"'National Security' Group Looks To Meet At Library Journal & Topics Newspapers Online - Feb 22, 2017 The Des Plaines chapter of ACT for America Now, a nationwide group that bills itself as a national security organization, has reserved a first floor meeting room in the downtown library to conduct a public forum to educate citizens on national ..."
p4
aS"Trump's Defense Secretary Cites Climate Change as National Security Challenge ProPublica - Mar 14, 2017 23, requiring those agencies to create a Climate and National Security Working Group within 60 days, and for relevant agencies to create implementation plans in that same period."
p5
aS"Bannon and Trump Have Quietly Installed an Alt-National Security Council ... AlterNet - Mar 14, 2017 There is little sign McMaster will be able to restore traditional U.S. foreign policy commitments to NATO and the European Union, and every indication that Bannon's shadowy Strategic Initiatives Group, denounced by two national security experts as&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Women's National Security Group Launches NSCwatch.org To Monitor Steve Bannon ... KRWG - Feb 16, 2017 Commentary: Women's Action for New Directions  has launched NSC Watch, a project designed to inform the public about the role of Steve Bannon on the National Security Council, as well as other security concerns under the Trump administration."
p7
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For National Security Group, Inc.  Fiscal Standard - Mar 14, 2017 The National Security Group, Inc. is an insurance holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates through two segments: property and casualty insurance, and life insurance.'
p8
aS"Former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn says his lobbying may ... Chicago Tribune - Mar 9, 2017 Spicer's comments came two days after Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group Inc., filed paperwork with the Justice Department formally identifying him as a foreign agent and acknowledging that his work for a company owned by a Turkish businessman could&nbsp;...Disgraced Trump adviser Mike Flynn admits he worked as a foreign agent for ... - VoxDonald Trump unaware former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was ... - The Independent"
p9
aS'Jewish security group forms national law enforcement advisory council Jewish Telegraphic Agency - Mar 2, 2017 NEW YORK  - Following repeated waves of anti-Semitic attacks, the group tasked with advising Jewish institutions on security has formed a national advisory council composed of former law enforcement officers. The Secure Community Network, which&nbsp;...'
p10
a.