(lp0
S'Aurora Capital Group Completes Acquisition of National Technical Systems, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 22, 2013 LOS ANGELES and CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 22, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Aurora Capital Group , a Los Angeles-based private equity firm with over $2 billion of assets under management, and National Technical Systems, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p1
aS"National Technical Systems acquires Wyle Labs testing business in Huntsville ... al.com - Mar 19, 2014 A news release announcing the acquisition said NTS Huntsville is the largest independent environmental testing lab in the country and serves the aerospace, defense, nuclear and voting systems industries. The acquisition of the three facilities will ...National Technical Systems Announces Acquisition of Wyle Laboratories' Testing ... - PR Newswire National Technical Systems Acquires Wyle Laboratories in Huntsville, California - whnt.com"
p2
aS'National Technical Systems Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement Proposal at ... PR Newswire  - Nov 19, 2013 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 19, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, today announced that its shareholders overwhelmingly approved the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'NTS Hires Dr. Vicki Panhuise as President, Testing PR Newswire  - Nov 9, 2015 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, announced today that it has hired Vicki Panhuise as ...'
p4
aS'NTS Adds Reverberation Chamber Test Capabilities at Five US Laboratories PR Web  - Jul 24, 2016 National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, is pleased to announce the completion of the expansion of its EMI testing ...'
p5
aS'D-Wave, Virginia Tech Partner to Advance Quantum Computing HPCwire  - Mar 14, 2017 HANOVER, Md., March 14, 2017 - D-Wave Systems Inc., the leader in quantum computing systems and software, and Virginia Tech have established a joint effort to provide greater access to quantum computers for researchers from the Intelligence Community ...'
p6
aS'Fury Road: Did Uber Steal the Driverless Future From Google? Bloomberg - 1 hour ago As a University of California at Berkeley undergraduate, he won a national competition sponsored by Legohe built a toy robot that could sort Monopoly money.'
p7
aS"D-Wave and Virginia Tech Join Forces to Advance Quantum Computing Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 HANOVER, MD-- - D-Wave Systems Inc., the leader in quantum computing systems and software, and Virginia Tech, Virginia's most comprehensive university and its leading research institution, have established a joint effort to ..."
p8
aS"Report: Cyber-threat to UK business is &quot;significant and growing&quot; SC Magazine UK - Mar 14, 2017 The cyber-threat to UK business is significant and growing, according to a new report from the UK's National Cyber Security Centre  and National Crime Agency . The report titled Cyber-Threat to UK Business details how in the three months&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Technical Reports on Technical &amp; System Software Equities  Nutanix ... MilTech - 22 hours ago In today's pre-market research, Stock-Callers.com turns focus on Nutanix Inc. , Hortonworks Inc. , ACI Worldwide Inc. , and National Instruments Corp. . These Technical and System&nbsp;..."
p10
a.