(lp0
S"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : What The Whitebox Agreement Tells Us Insider Financial - Mar 13, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  has been a real tough stock to hold over the last couple of years. It's fallen prey to aggressive short sell type manipulation.Stock Recent Trading Summary: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - Is storiesStock News Summary: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - TopChronicle"
p1
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Just Gave Us The Update We Were ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 For a long time, we've kept Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  on our radar. The company has been one of the hardest stocks to read over the last eighteen months, rooted in a clinical hold on its lead asset, and sentiment surrounding its&nbsp;...Northwest Bio Spikes on Lifting of Clinical Hold  - InvestopediaNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Stock current Trends Analysis - TopChronicle"
p2
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : What's Going On Behind The Scenes? Insider Financial - Jan 24, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is drawing a considerable amount of what can only be referred to as ridicule right now."
p3
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : Here's Our Take On The Latest Update Insider Financial - Nov 18, 2016 Well, here's one for the books. Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  just put out a fresh press release, updating markets as to the progress of its operations."
p4
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Is About To Turnaround Insider Financial - Dec 14, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  shareholders have been waiting for some level of insight into its brain cancer trial for more than twelve months.'
p5
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : Heading For A Reversal? Insider Financial - Oct 4, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is grabbing headlines again. The company put out some data at the end of September purporting to a phase 1 trial of its DCVax-Direct treatment, and response has been mixed.'
p6
aS"Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Bioanalytical Systems, Inc ... The USA Commerce - 23 hours ago Shares of Bioanalytical Systems, Inc.  surged 4.40% to $1.66. During the trading on 03/14/2017, Company's stock ranged from $1.56 to $1.87."
p7
aS"Why Shares of Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc Are Crashing Today Motley Fool - Aug 21, 2015 Take Long View. What: Shares of Northwest Biotherapeutics , a small-cap clinical biotech company with a focus on immuno-oncology, are down more than 16% today on news of a phase 3 clinical trial halt for the company's lead compound.Northwest Bio suspends patient screening in brain cancer trial - Reuters"
p8
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Named in Analyst Related ... Scibility Media - Oct 5, 2016 The Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  stock plunged 15.92% yesterday to $0.43 after a media report revealed that a disgruntled analyst complained of victimization at the hands of senior colleagues, due to his alleged improper relationship&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Why Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc. Stock Skyrocketed 36% in 2014 Motley Fool - Sep 26, 2014 Finally, NW Bio had its first revenue channel opened when, in March, the Paul Ehrlich Institute  approved DCVax-L on the hospital exemption basis for the treatment of any form of glioma, a type ...'
p10
a.