(lp0
S'FNB acquires OBA Financial Services Pittsburgh Post Gazette - Apr 8, 2014 FNB Corp. has announced plans for yet another acquisition, as the Hermitage bank continues to grow by buying smaller institutions.'
p1
aS'Column: Women Are Our Foundation &amp; Strength Bernews - 19 hours ago Jane Collis was invited to speak to open caucus on The Office of the Public Guardian to protect seniors against financial abuse and be legally responsible for dependent individuals without mental capacity. Health Minister Jeanne Atherden is currently ...'
p2
aS"Robert Ghiz joins Gowling and other legal moves and grooves for June 6 Financial Post - Jun 6, 2016 Poles previously served as general counsel and chief compliance officer for a number of private Canadian wealth management firms, and held senior in-house roles with several global financial services firms. He also practised with two of Canada's ..."
p3
aS"Five Brown projects referred to police Royal Gazette - Mar 13, 2017 But the Commission has referred all five contracts to the Bermuda Police Service to continue ongoing criminal investigation.COI: Some Violations Were 'Serious &amp; Persistent' - Bernews"
p4
aS'Rename Benin Airport Oba Erediauwa Airport  Senate urges FG Nigerian Observer - Feb 28, 2017 In 1952, Late Oba Erediauwa, as young Prince Solomon Akenzua, joined the Colonial Civil Service upon completion of a law degree from the Cambridge University.'
p5
aS"OBA strikes back at airport plan critique Royal Gazette - Oct 29, 2016 A comprehensive rebuttal to a critique of the Bermuda Government's plans for a new airport terminal has been issued by the Ministry of Finance. The document was provided to The Royal Gazette in response to chartered accountant Craig Mayor's evidence&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Resisting Modernisation at Lagos Abattoirs THISDAY Newspapers - 9 hours ago A butcher at Oko Oba abattoir, Agege, who pleaded anonymity, said if government adopts the mechanised process, many of the butchers would lose their job, stating that though the mechanised process is very efficient, the manual is better because ...'
p7
aS"OBA in decriminalisation talks with police Royal Gazette - Feb 1, 2017 The Government committed to doing so in last November's Throne Speech and has initiated consultations with the Department of Public Prosecutions and the Bermuda Police Service to develop appropriate legislation. The aim of the legislation is to&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'OBA under threat as PLP enjoys voter swing Royal Gazette - Jan 20, 2017 Mood swings: in December 2015, the One Bermuda Alliance had a performance approval rating of 42 per cent, with the Progressive Labour Party on 30 per cent.'
p9
aS'The 31st Jegun Olu Ekun of Ile-Oluji Vanguard - Jun 19, 2016 With core competencies in insurance brokerage and risk management advisory services, Oba Adetimehin belongs to the elite class of Nigerian traditional rulers who are well educated, highly cerebral, and widely travelled.'
p10
a.