(lp0
S'Orbital ATK: Cargo Ships to the ISS Space.com - Jan 28, 2013 Orbital ATK is one of two private companies that currently hold a contract with NASA to fly unmanned cargo missions to the International Space Station.'
p1
aS"Private Orbital Sciences Rocket Explodes During Launch, NASA Cargo Lost Space.com - Oct 28, 2014 NASA has tapped Orbital Sciences to provide eight cargo delivery missions to the International Space Station using the company's Antares rockets and unmanned Cygnus spacecraft. The Virginia-based company launched its first official cargo mission to the&nbsp;...Orbital Sciences Corp. investigates rocket-launch failure at Wallops Island, Va. - Washington Post"
p2
aS"ATK to merge with Orbital Sciences in $5 billion deal, spin off sports division Washington Post - Apr 29, 2014 The move is mutually beneficial, company executives said, as ATK looks to bolster its aerospace business and Orbital Sciences hopes to boost the scale of its existing operations as well as gain a foothold in the defense sector. The separation of ATK's ...Orbital Sciences Soars Out of Musk's Shadow in Space Race - BloombergOrbital Sciences and Alliant Techsystems to merge, spin off sports unit - Washington Business Journal "
p3
aS'Orbital ATK, Merger of Orbital Sciences and ATK, Begins Operations Space.com - Feb 11, 2015 The aerospace firm Orbital ATK is now up and running, nearly a year after the merger that created the $4.5 billion company was first announced.Orbital, ATK complete aerospace merger - Washington Business Journal Vista Outdoor &amp; Orbital ATK Emerge from Alliant Division - Zacks.com'
p4
aS"ATK Stockholders Approve the Issuance of Shares to Orbital Sciences ... PR Newswire  - Jan 27, 2015 ARLINGTON, Va., Jan. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Alliant Techsystems Inc.   today announced its stockholders approved the issuance of ATK common stock, par value $0.01 per share, to Orbital Sciences Corporation  (NYSE:&nbsp;...Orbital Sciences Corp.'s stockholders approve Feb. 9 merger with ATK - SpaceFlight InsiderOrbital Stockholders Approve Merger With ATK's Aerospace and Defense Groups - Business Wire "
p5
aS'When Orbital Sciences Corp. Warns, Orbital Sciences Stock Burns Motley Fool - Jul 18, 2014 Meanwhile -- and one suspects this is the factor that really spooked the market, and that cost Orbital Sciences stock 4.4% of its market cap yesterday -- the company warned that revenues for the remainder of 2014 will come in lighter than previously ...'
p6
aS"Orbital Sciences Replaces SpaceX on Stratolaunch Project Space.com - Dec 3, 2012 WASHINGTON - After the exit of launch services provider Space Exploration Technologies  Corp. as its rocket subcontractor, Stratolaunch Systems has turned to Orbital Sciences Corp. of Dulles, Va., to keep the world's largest air-launch-to ...Air Force awards up to $900 million in launch contracts - Spaceflight Now"
p7
aS"Orbital Sciences Orders RD-181 Engines for Antares Rocket Space News - Dec 17, 2014 PARIS - Satellite and rocket builder Orbital Sciences Corp. on Dec. 16 confirmed that it has contracted with Russia's Energomash to provide RD-181 engines to power the first stage of Orbital's Antares rocket, replacing the AJ-26 engine, also from ...Antares Upgrade Will Use RD-181s In Direct Buy From Energomash - Aviation WeekAntares rocket will get new Russian RD-181 engines in $1bn deal - RT"
p8
aS'Orbital Sciences: Russian Press Overstate RD-181 Contract Value Space News - Jan 26, 2015 PARIS - Orbital Sciences Corp. expects to take delivery of the first pair of its newly purchased Russian rocket engines in June or July, with a second pair arriving before the end of the year, under a contract whose value Orbital said has been ...'
p9
aS"Orbital eyes end of Soviet engines after rocket crash Washington Times - Nov 6, 2014 In this Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014, file photo provided by NASA, the Orbital Sciences Corp. Antares rocket, with the Cygnus spacecraft onboard, explodes moments after launch from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Pad 0A, at NASA's Wallops Flight Facility ...Orbital Sciences to Stop Using Suspect Russian Rocket Engine After Explosion - Space.comMight Elon Musk's SpaceX save the day for Orbital Sciences? - Washington Business Journal "
p10
a.