(lp0
S'Why OSI Systems, Inc. Shares Plummeted 30% Motley Fool - Jan 28, 2016 What: Shares of security scanner specialist OSI Systems  were down a staggering 32% at 11 a.m. ET on Thursday after its quarterly results and outlook missed Wall Street expectations.OSI Systems, Inc.  Misses Earnings  Stock Falls Over 30% - Independent Reporter'
p1
aS'OSI Systems Receives $8 Million Order for Patient Monitoring Solutions Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 OSI Systems, Inc. , today announced that its Healthcare division, Spacelabs Healthcare, received an approximately $8 million order to provide patient monitoring solutions and related accessories to a prominent U.S.Today FY2017 EPS Estimates for OSI Systems, Inc. Increased by Roth Capital  - DailyQuint'
p2
aS'OSI Systems to Present at the 29th Annual Roth Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 OSI Systems, Inc. is a vertically integrated designer and manufacturer of specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications in the homeland security, healthcare, defense and aerospace industries.OSI Systems, Inc.  Short Interest Update - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS'The Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Position in OSI Systems, Inc ... Petro Global News 24 - 3 hours ago Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in OSI Systems, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Position in OSI Systems, Inc.  - Chaffey BreezeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For OSI Systems, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS"OSI Systems - Appeal Is Increasing Despite A 'Troubled' Deal Seeking Alpha - Jun 22, 2016 OSI Systems  is a global player in security screening with its Rapiscan System, used at airports, borders, ports, and other key infrastructure points.OSI Systems Enters into Definitive Agreement to Acquire American Science and ... - Business Wire California company to buy American Science and Engineering for $269M - Boston Business Journal "
p5
aS'OSI Systems Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 16 Equities.com - Feb 16, 2017 OSI Systems Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 16, as the stock gained 0.92% to close at $78.30. On the day, OSI Systems Inc. saw 1.01 million shares trade hands on 4,114 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume ...'
p6
aS'OSI Systems Announces Sale of its Automated External Defibrillator (AED ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 OSI Systems, Inc.  today announced the sale of its German Healthcare subsidiary, Metrax GmbH, commonly referred to as Primedic, for approximately 11.7 million in cash.OSI Systems, Inc.  Receives Average Rating of Buy from Brokerages - The Cerbat GemWhich Analysts Are Watching OSI Systems, Inc. ? - Fiscal Standard'
p7
aS'OSI Systems Completes Acquisition of American Science and Engineering Business Wire  - Sep 12, 2016 HAWTHORNE, Calif.----OSI Systems, Inc.  today announced that it has completed its previously announced acquisition of American Science and Engineering, Inc. , a leading provider of detection solutions for&nbsp;...OSI Systems Completes $269 Million Acquisition of American Science and Engineering - Los Angeles Business Journal'
p8
aS'OSI SYSTEMS,INC.  Files An 8-K Creation of a Direct Financial ... Market Exclusive - Feb 27, 2017 As previously reported, OSI Systems, Inc.  entered into a purchase agreement  dated February 15, 2017 with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &amp; Smith Incorporated, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P.FY2017 EPS Estimates for OSI Systems, Inc. Boosted by Analyst  - Chaffey BreezeOSI Systems, Inc. to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share, B. Riley ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS"Investor Hub: Checking on the Numbers for OSI Systems, Inc.  Rives Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Market watchers might be keeping an eye on OSI Systems, Inc. 's Piotroski F-Score. The F-Score was created to help spot company stocks that have solid fundamentals, and to filter out weaker companies."
p10
a.