(lp0
S"Why Orbitz Worldwide Can't Compete With Expedia Inc Motley Fool - Jul 4, 2014 While higher travel costs are a tailwind for the entire industry, Orbitz Worldwide is one of the smallest public online travel agencies, resulting in a scale disadvantage."
p1
aS'A key overview of global online travel company Orbitz Worldwide Market Realist - May 8, 2014 The Chicago-based Orbitz Worldwide Inc.  is a global online travel company  whose brand portfolio includes its namesake website, CheapTickets in the Americas, ebookers in Europe, HotelClub, and RatesToGo in Australia.'
p2
aS"Expedia, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. PR Newswire  - Sep 17, 2015 BELLEVUE, Wash., Sept. 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Expedia, Inc.  today announced that it has completed its acquisition of Orbitz Worldwide, Inc., including all of its brands and assets, for US$12.00 per share in cash, representing an&nbsp;...Expedia begins integration of Orbitz after deal closes - ReutersExpedia's Acquisitions: Orbitz Buy Caps Off 3 Years of Major Deals - Skift"
p3
aS'Orbitz Worldwide: Turnaround Story With Multiple Growth Levers Seeking Alpha  - Aug 8, 2014 Orbitz  is a global player in the online travel market, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, with ~1,300 employees worldwide. The company owns and operates leading travel-related websites that offer leisure and business travellers the ability ...'
p4
aS"Saving Extra Firepower For Orbitz Seeking Alpha - May 14, 2015 I have always loved the AC-130. It is something straight out of my childhood imagination, as if a 5-year old boy was handed the Pentagon's budget and told, &quot;just go for it but make it awesome&quot;."
p5
aS"Expedia Can't Be Happy as Orbitz Worldwide Limps Toward the Finish Line Skift - Aug 6, 2015 Business as usual is the message that Orbitz Worldwide officials articulate as the company awaits falling into the arms of Expedia Inc. But the in-limbo status of the Chicago-based online travel agency seems to be adversely impacting operations. This ...Expedia-Orbitz Merger Would Short Sheet Consumers, Hotel Group Says - NBCNews.comHotel Industry Assails Expedia-Orbitz Deal - Wall Street Journal"
p6
aS'Magnetar Capital Reveals Activist Stake in Orbitz Worldwide Market Realist - Apr 16, 2015 In March 2015, Magnetar Capital purchased 6.27 million shares of Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. , giving the hedge fund a 5.6% stake in the company.'
p7
aS'Orbitz Worldwide: An Interesting Investment Alternative To Tripadvisor ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 9, 2013 I believe that Orbitz Worldwide  is worth looking into for risk-tolerant investors seeking a more speculative, potentially stronger stock in the coming months, as it has a relatively low market cap  and plenty of room for ...'
p8
aS"UPDATE 1-Orbitz Worldwide reports 1st-qtr loss; revenues miss estimates Reuters - May 7, 2015 May 7 Orbitz Worldwide Inc on Thursday reported a quarterly loss, missing analysts' expectations of a profit as a rise in fraudulent transactions added to costs."
p9
aS"Nearly Three Quarters of Americans Are Expected to Travel This Holiday Season ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 20, 2016 According to the Orbitz.com 2016 holiday survey, 72 percent of Americans are planning to travel at least once between Thanksgiving and New Year's."
p10
a.