(lp0
S"Tenax Therapeutics to Discuss Year-End 2016 Financial Results and Provide ... Yahoo Finance - 13 hours ago Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on identifying, developing and commercializing products for the critical care market, today announced that the Company will host a conference call and live audio webcast on&nbsp;...Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.'s  stock price is now at $0.71 Analysts' mean ... - Hot Stocks PointIs Tenax Therapeutics Inc  Finding its Groove? - Business Review"
p1
aS"Tenax Therapeutics Inc  Might Be A Discount Opportunity Ahead Of ... Market Exclusive - Jan 27, 2017 Tenax Therapeutics Inc  is a North Carolina-based biotechnology company focusing on the development of treatments for what is called the critical care market - a subsection of medical care for patients whose illness requires close ...Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  1 Year Price Target is set at $9.25 - TopChronicleAnalyst mean rating stands at 1.50 while Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.'s (TENX ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p2
aS'Tenax Therapeutics Inc  Looks Oversold On Data Miss Insider Financial - Feb 1, 2017 Tenax Therapeutics Inc  is not having a good week. The company just put out data from its lead cardiovascular study, and the data failed to impress.Tenax Therapeutics  Stock: Falls Hard On Disappointing Clinical Data - CNA Finance '
p3
aS'Share Focus: Watching Levels for Tenax Therapeutics Inc  Rives Journal - 19 hours ago Traders may be trying to figure out whether it is a good time to enter or exit a position in Tenax Therapeutics Inc .'
p4
aS"Tenax Therapeutics: Will It Or Won't It? RTT News - Jan 30, 2017 Just 2 more days until the end of this month, and if Tenax Therapeutics Inc.  is able to keep to its deadline, a major catalyst is coming its way."
p5
aS"Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. , NII Holdings, Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of ... The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  surged 6.64% to $0.75. During the trading on 03/10/2017, Company's stock ranged from $0.70 to $0.79."
p6
aS'Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. : Ignore the noise and focus on the technicals USA Commerce Daily - Mar 14, 2017 With all other things going on, Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -63.86 percent in just three months.'
p7
aS"Tenax Therapeutics'  CEO John Kelley on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 10, 2016 Joining me on the call today is John Kelley, Chief Executive Officer of Tenax Therapeutics, who will discuss recent company highlights. Following John, Michael Jebsen, Tenax's Chief Financial Officer, will review the company's financials, after which ..."
p8
aS'Tenax Therapeutics Is Tackling Critical Care With Levosimendan Seeking Alpha - Sep 25, 2015 Based in Morrisville, NC, Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  is a development-stage specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the identification, development, and commercialization of products for critical care patients.'
p9
aS"Tenax Therapeutics' lead product candidate flunks late-state study; shares ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 Nano cap Tenax Therapeutics  craters on a 22x surge in volume in response to its announcement that lead product candidate levosimendan failed to beat placebo in a Phase 3 clinical trial  assessing the use of the calcium&nbsp;..."
p10
a.