(lp0
S"Penske Automotive Acquires Jaguar And Land Rover Dealerships In Paramus, New ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 These new dealerships enhance the company's existing portfolio and bring additional scale in the New Jersey/New York metropolitan area to our business.Penske Automotive acquires Jaguar, Land Rover dealerships in New Jersey - Crain's Detroit BusinessAristotle Capital Management LLC Sells 295 Shares of Penske Automotive Group ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Penske Automotive Acquires Jaguar, Land Rover Dealerships Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc. PAG recently announced that it has acquired Jaguar and Land Rover dealerships in Paramus, NJ from the Prestige Family of Fine Cars.Penske Automotive  Down 4.4% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? - NasdaqTop Institutional Investors That Own Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p2
aS"Foreign Exchange Headwinds Blunt Growth at Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 Doing business in a global economy is hard work -- as Penske Automotive Group  proved on Wednesday. Reporting earnings for the third quarter, Penske showed modest gains in both sales and earnings -- and a pretty significant boost to&nbsp;...Penske Automotive posts 1.1 percent increase in quarterly net income - Crain's Detroit Business"
p3
aS'Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 15 ... Nasdaq - Feb 14, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.3 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 01, 2017.Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.25 Per Share ... - The Cerbat GemPenske Automotive Group Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p4
aS"Penske Automotive Signs Agreement To Acquire CarSense PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 Statements in this press release may involve forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements regarding Penske Automotive Group, Inc.'s consummation of the transaction and its future sales and earnings potential. Actual results may vary&nbsp;...Penske acquires used-only dealership group - Automotive News  "
p5
aS'Penske Automotive acquires JLR dealerships in New Jersey Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Penske Automotive Group  announces that it acquired the Jaguar and Land Rover dealerships in Paramus, New Jersey from the Prestige Family of Fine Cars for an undisclosed amount.'
p6
aS"Stars Align For Penske Automotive's Expansion Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 In both expanding and diversifying its global footprint, Penske Automotive also acquired a 49% stake in Nicole Group, which operates the premier luxury brand dealership in and around Tokyo, Japan. Additionally, Penske Automotive increased its stake in ..."
p7
aS"Penske Automotive Group's  CEO Roger Penske on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Welcome to the Penske Automotive Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay approximately one hour after the completion through February 14, 2017.Penske Automotive  Beats Earnings Estimates in Q4 - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS'Penske Automotive Completes Acquisition of UK-Based CarShop Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.,  headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, is an international transportation services company that operates automotive and commercial truck dealerships principally in the United States, Western Europe and Canada,&nbsp;...Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Mean Price Target At $59.00 - Equities Focus'
p9
aS"Penske Automotive Expands Presence In The United Kingdom PR Newswire  - Jan 6, 2017 Statements in this press release may involve forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements regarding Penske Automotive Group, Inc.'s future sales and earnings potential and the ability to consummate the transaction. Actual results ...Penske to buy UK used-only dealership group CarShop - Automotive News  "
p10
a.