(lp0
S'Can Pitney Bowes Inc.  Reinvent Itself? Investorplace.com - 20 hours ago Market observers like to refer to companies involved in mature or dying industries as buggy whip companies. Pitney Bowes  What is commonly overlooked is that many of these companies, despite their old-fashioned brand image and reliance on&nbsp;...Pitney Bowes Delivers the Future of Global Commerce through its Commerce ... - Business Wire Digging Up the Facts on Pitney Bowes Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS"Pitney Bowes' Data Practice to Boost Digital Transformation Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 In its drive to enable businesses to accelerate their digital transformation initiatives, Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI launched a new data practice that helps leverage data and analytics better.Pitney Bowes Forms a New Data Practice to Drive Digital Transformation Initiatives - Business Wire Pitney Bowes and Yellowfin to Jointly Develop Visual Insights - Nasdaq"
p2
aS"The Must-Know Technicals As They Stand For Pitney Bowes Inc.  NY Stock News - 18 hours ago Pitney Bowes Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p3
aS'Pitney Bowes Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 15, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 14, 2017 Pitney Bowes Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.188 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 13, 2017.Checking the Overall Picture for Pitney Bowes Inc.  - StockNewsJournalActive Volume Stock Update: Pitney Bowes Inc.  - HugoPress'
p4
aS"Pitney Bowes' Parcel Sortation Solutions Find Takers in India Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Leading global eCommerce solutions provider, Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI recently gained two new clients - Gati Limited and Flipkart - fortifying its emerging parcel sortation business in India.Pitney Bowes Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.comDividend Growth Analysis of Pitney Bowes Inc.  - Energy Index"
p5
aS'Pitney Bowes, HP &amp;TagG to Develop Novel IPDS Controller Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI has entered into an agreement with TagG and HP to develop a new native IPDS  Controller for the Pitney Bowes IntelliJet and HP PageWide Web Press printing systems.Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Pitney Bowes And Union Pacific - Benzinga'
p6
aS'Why Pitney Bowes  Could Be Positioned for a Slump Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p7
aS'Pitney Bowes Inc.: Pitney Bowes and Rapt Media Partner to Expedite Time to ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 6, 2017 6, 2017-- Pitney Bowes Inc. , a global technology company that provides innovative products and solutions to power commerce, and Rapt Media, a leader in high-performance interactive video technology, announced today that they have entered&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Pitney Bowes acquires Naperville's ProSORT Chicago Daily Herald - Feb 15, 2017 &quot;Market expansion remains a strategic objective for Pitney Bowes Presort Services,&quot; said Debbie Pfeiffer, president of Pitney Bowes Presort Services. &quot;This acquisition creates new client relationships for Pitney Bowes and strengthens the network of ..."
p9
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Pitney Bowes Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Pitney Bowes Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.