(lp0
S"BRIEF-RMB Capital Holdings reports 9.9 pct passive stake in Porter Bancorp Inc Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 JOHANNESBURG, March 10 Sixteen banks accused of colluding to rig South Africa's rand currency could face a competition tribunal in July after a private pre-hearing was held on Friday, a source at the competition commission said."
p1
aS'Stock Returns: First Bank  is Beating Porter Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Bank  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: American River Bankshares  versus Porter Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for American River Bankshares  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  .'
p3
aS"Porter Bancorp Announces 1 for 5 Reverse Stock Split Business Wire  - Nov 28, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, today announced that its board of directors has approved a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Shares and&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Porter Bancorp Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Aug 10, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Porter Bancorp Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p5
aS'Traders are Taking a Closer Look at These Shares: Porter Bancorp Inc  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago Porter Bancorp Inc  has a current 14-day RSI reading of 35.52, the 7-day is 31.7, and the 3-day is 25.95. The RSI, or Relative Strength Index is a popular oscillating indicator among traders and investors.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Porter Bancorp Inc  versus United Security ... CML News - Feb 18, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Porter Bancorp Inc  versus United Security Bancshares  .'
p7
aS"Porter Bancorp, Inc. Adopts Tax Benefits Preservation Plan to Preserve Use of ... Business Wire  - Jun 26, 2015 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc.   today announced that its board of directors adopted a tax benefits preservation plan designed to preserve the value of certain of the Company's deferred tax assets&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Porter Bancorp, Inc. Appoints Two New Board Members Business Wire  - Sep 23, 2015 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, Inc., today announced the addition of new members to its board of directors.'
p9
aS'Porter Bancorp Announces Appellate Court Affirms Ruling Business Wire  - Dec 2, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, today announced that the Kentucky Court of Appeals ruled against the Bank in a decision with a partial dissenting opinion in the PBI Bank, Inc. v.Judge orders PBI Bank to pay millions in property lawsuit - Louisville Business First'
p10
a.