(lp0
S"Buffett to Acquire Precision Castparts in $37.2 Billion Deal Bloomberg - Aug 10, 2015 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agreed to buy Precision Castparts Corp., the maker of equipment for the aerospace and energy industries, in a deal valued at $37.2 billion, including debt.Buffett's Berkshire to Buy Precision Castparts for $32 Billion - Wall Street Journal"
p1
aS'Buffett pays high price for Precision Castparts Reuters - Aug 10, 2015 Warren Buffett is paying a hefty price for the biggest bet of his career as his Berkshire Hathaway Inc  has agreed to buy Precision Castparts Corp PCP.N, valuing the maker of aerospace and other parts at $32.3 billion. The purchase is Berkshire ...'
p2
aS'Neighbors file suits against Precision Castparts Corp. Portland Tribune - Jul 13, 2016 PORTLAND TRIBUNE: JAIME VALDEZ - Precision Castparts Corp. has two twin plants straddling the Six residents of Southeast Portland have filed two separate class-action lawsuits against Precision Castparts Corp., alleging that its toxic air emissions ...'
p3
aS'Precision Castparts Corp. Announces Retirement of Executive Vice President ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 12, 2015 PORTLAND, Ore., March 12, 2015  -- Precision Castparts Corp.   today announced the planned retirement of Executive Vice President and President of Forged Products Kenneth Buck, during the first quarter of fiscal&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Precision Castparts Corp. Expands Its Machining Capabilities With the ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 27, 2015 PORTLAND, Ore., July 27, 2015  -- Precision Castparts Corp.  has agreed to acquire Noranco from MidOcean Partners and PSP Investments for $560 million.Precision Castparts to buy Noranco for $560 mln - MarketWatchPrecision Castparts Misses Wall Street Views Amid Sagging Energy Demand - Wall Street Journal'
p5
aS'Why Shares of Precision Castparts Corp. Fell Apart Today Motley Fool - Jan 16, 2015 The Motley Fool recommends Precision Castparts. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.Precision Castparts: A Long-Term Buy On The Pullback - Seeking AlphaPrecision Castparts feels heat from energy downturn - Financial Times'
p6
aS'Metal 3D printing company Atlantic Precision Inc. bought by Precision ... 3ders.org  - Oct 28, 2016 Florida-based metal 3D printing company Atlantic Precision Inc. has been bought by Precision Castparts Corp., an Oregon-based diversified manufacturer of complex metal components and products.'
p7
aS"DEQ issues civil penalty to Precision Castparts unit for PCB and other ... Pamplin Media Group - 12 hours ago TRIBUNE FILE PHOTO - This part of Johnson Creek is located downstream from Precision Castparts' The Oregon Department of Environmental Quality has issued a $9,829 civil penalty to a unit of Precision Castparts Corp. for failing to monitor ..."
p8
aS"Warren Buffett's Berkshire Buys More Precision Castparts Corp. Stock: Should You? Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2015 According to SEC filings, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway increased its stake in Precision Castparts Corp.  in the fourth quarter of 2014."
p9
aS'Precision Castparts Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings GlobeNewswire  - Oct 22, 2015 Precision Castparts Corp. is a worldwide, diversified manufacturer of complex metal components and products. It serves the aerospace, power, and general industrial markets.'
p10
a.