(lp0
S'Interpace Diagnostics Announces Agreement with Blue Cross Blue Shield (BCBS ... PR Newswire  - Jan 3, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Jan. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Corp. , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risks of cancer, announced today that the Company&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Interpace Diagnostics to Present New Data on Thyroid Product Performance PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. , a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced today the acceptance of four posters to be&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Group Announces 1-for-10 Reverse Split PR Newswire  - Dec 28, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Dec. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating ...Services Stocks Worth Chasing: JC Penney Company, Inc. , Interpace ... - The Independent Republic'
p3
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Announces New Aetna Coverage Policy PR Newswire  - Dec 8, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Dec. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Corp. , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced today that Aetna, the third largest health plan in the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results of Operations PR Newswire  - Nov 18, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Nov. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Announces $1.9 Million Registered Direct Offering of ... PR Newswire  - Dec 19, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, today announced that it has&nbsp;...Interpace Diagnostics Group  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market ExclusiveInterpace Diagnostics  Reports $2.11M Registered Direct Offering of ... - StreetInsider.com'
p6
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Announces New York State Approval of ThyGenX for ... PR Newswire  - Oct 5, 2016 About Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. Interpace Diagnostics is a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in personalized medicine for ...'
p7
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc. MarketWatch - Dec 23, 2015 Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up of low-cost buy-and-hold index funds.  How to create your own Lazy Portfolio.'
p8
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Launches New Services for Indeterminate Thyroid Nodules PR Newswire  - Oct 13, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Oct. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group , a company that provides specialized molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer, completed the validation and launch of two&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Stock Update : Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc Enters into ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 21, 2017 Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  announced the initiation of a collaborative research program with Viatar CTC Solutions Inc. , the cancer dialysis company.Investor's Alert: Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  - TopChronicleInterpace Diagnostics  Enters into Pact with Viatar CTC Solutions - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.