(lp0
S"Why we need an outsider like Betsy DeVos as education secretary New York Post - Jan 31, 2017 Some people complain that President Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, would be quite unlike her predecessors.Trump education nominee opposed by special ed advocates - USA TODAY"
p1
aS"March 13, 2017 People Page The Exponent Telegram   - Mar 13, 2017 KINGSPORT, TENNESSEE - Alpha Natural Resources Holdings Inc. and ANR Inc. announced safety performance for 2016, with five partnering operations in West Virginia honored for safety achievements by the West Virginia Office of Miners' Health Safety&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'This Army Veteran Wanted to Become a Video Game Animator Slate Magazine - Jul 20, 2016 But the New England Institute of Art is, in fact, another for-profit college, this one part of the Art Institutes chain owned by Education Management Corporation, or EDMC, which, in turn, is 41-percent owned by the giant Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.'
p3
aS"It's Your Right, It's Your Business The Daily Record  - 22 hours ago The decisions being made, the money being spent and the records being kept by city hall, the county commission, the board of education or the hospital authority affect us all, and when government is allowed to operate behind closed doors, it grows out ..."
p4
aS'Six Common Mistakes People Make With Their Student Loans Wall Street Journal - Sep 12, 2016 To see what monthly and total payments would be under the various repayment options, borrowers can plug their loan information into the U.S.'
p5
aS"Questions and conflicts: Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump's secretary of education ... Salon - Jan 17, 2017 Her nomination to lead public education may seem curious, as DeVos has never worked in public education and supports diverting public funds to pay for kids to attend private, religious schools.DeVos dodges toughest questions about public school plans - Politico"
p6
aS'Home-Based Business Opportunities for People With A Passion for Travel Black Enterprise - Dec 7, 2016 People with a passion for travel got a chance to learn more about franchising opportunities with CruiseOne - Dream Vacations and business opportunities with Cruises Inc. at its 2016 National Conference aboard the Carnival Vista. Both business models&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"If the US Won't Pay Its Teachers, China Will Bloomberg - Dec 19, 2016 In China, parents are so bent on getting their kids the best education possible they're sometimes willing to try untested methods that may or may not provide high-quality education. Mi hired top people to help design VIPKid's curriculum and has ..."
p8
aS"Nobody has real friends anymore New York Post - Nov 17, 2016 As for those who keep off social media, Brendesha Tynes - an expert on social media and adolescent development online and an associate professor of educational psychology at the USC Rossier School of Education - told The Post: People who aren't on&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Stop worrying, parenting is far less important than people say New York Post - Sep 4, 2016 Authors Robert A. LeVine, a professor emeritus of education and human development at Harvard University, and his wife and fellow anthropologist, Sarah LeVine, note that parenting has been redefined to require more attention, thought and energy from&nbsp;...'
p10
a.