(lp0
S'Independent Bank Corp. Announces Completion of Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc ... Business Wire  - Feb 20, 2015 ROCKLAND, Mass.----Independent Bank Corp. , parent of Rockland Trust Company, today announced the closing of its acquisition of Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc. , parent of Peoples Federal&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Research Reports on Savings &amp; Loans Equities -- New York Community Bancorp ... PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com scans the performances of these four stocks: New York Community Bancorp Inc. , People's United Financial Inc. , Northwest Bancshares Inc. , and Washington Federal Inc."
p2
aS'Heartland Bank, Stung in NY Bankruptcy, Enters Agreement With Federal Reserve Arkansas Business Online - Dec 20, 2016 Heartland Bank of Little Rock and its holding company, Rock Bancshares Inc., have entered a written agreement with the Federal Reserve aimed at improving their &quot;financial soundness&quot; even as a prominent borrower has filed for bankruptcy protection.'
p3
aS"Federal Reserve Board OK's Huntington acquiring FirstMerit Bank cleveland.com - Jul 29, 2016 The Federal Reserve Board on Friday approved Huntington Bancshares Inc.'s application to acquire FirstMerit Bank N.A.Fed approves Huntington's acquisition of FirstMerit - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p4
aS'Reliant Bank Names Kim York as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Reliant Bank, a subsidiary of Commerce Union Bancshares, Inc., announced today that Kim York has joined the Bank as executive vice president, chief strategy officer.'
p5
aS'ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. Announces Two-For-One Stock Split PR Newswire  - Nov 16, 2016 BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.,  , the holding company for ServisFirst Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a two-for-one common stock split in the form of ...'
p6
aS"Athens Federal, Your Hometown Bank Seeking Alpha - May 6, 2016 In 2009, depositors of Athens Federal Community Bank adopted a plan of conversion from a mutual form to a stock savings bank that would result in all Athens Federal's capital stock being owned by Athens Bancshares Corporation . AFCB offered 100% of its ..."
p7
aS"Trump Advisers Weigh Picks for Fed Community Banker Seat, Sources Say Bloomberg - Jan 20, 2017 Donald Trump's advisers are considering a Texas woman who started a bank with her husband, a former regulator and a sitting congressman to fill a Federal Reserve Board seat set aside for a community banker, according to three people familiar with the ..."
p8
aS'Federal Reserve OKs First Midwest acquisition of Standard Bank and Trust Chicago Daily Herald - Nov 16, 2016 ITASCA -- First Midwest Bancorp, the parent company of First Midwest Bank, has received approval from the Federal Reserve to acquire Standard Bancshares Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Standard Bank and Trust Company based in Hickory Hills.'
p9
aS"Federal Reserve approves $3.4 billion Huntington, FirstMerit deal Crain's Detroit Business - Aug 1, 2016 The U.S. Federal Reserve Board on Friday approved the $3.4 billion acquisition by Columbus-Ohio-based Huntington Bancshares Inc.  of Akron, Ohio-based FirstMerit Corp. . The approval for the deal, which was announced&nbsp;..."
p10
a.