(lp0
S'Stock Momentum in Focus on Shares of Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  Rives Journal - 12 hours ago Investors are keeping a close eye on levels of Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc . The Average Directional Index or ADX is a technical analysis indicator used to describe if a market is trending or not trending.'
p1
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Announces Letter of Intent for Certain ... Marketwired  - Oct 14, 2016 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that it has entered into a letter of intent with a private investor, subject to certain closing and other conditions, for the ...'
p2
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Hires Two Senior Industry Experts Marketwired  - Jan 7, 2015 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced the hiring of two senior industry experts, Jeff Bowers as Vice President of Nuclear Services Performance Assurance &amp; Business&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Looking at the Levels on Shares of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc ... Lenox Ledger - 11 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. . ROIC is a metric that can be used to assess the efficiency of a particular company at allocating controlled capital ...'
p4
aS'Perma-Fix Awarded Multi-Million Dollar United Kingdom Contract to Provide ... Marketwired  - Apr 24, 2014 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that its subsidiary Perma-Fix Environmental Services UK Ltd has been awarded a contract initially valued at approximately $2,200,000&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Perma-Fix Environmental Services'  CEO Lou Centofanti on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 Greetings, and welcome to the Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc, Third Quarter 2016 Investor Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode."
p6
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental: A Comeback In The Making Seeking Alpha  - Mar 24, 2015 Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc.  is a provider of both nuclear services and the management of nuclear and mixed waste.'
p7
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  Stock Technicals at ... CML News - Jul 13, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Ecology &amp; Environment Inc  is Beating Perma-Fix ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Ecology &amp; Environment Inc  versus Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  Valuation According To Analysts UK Market News - Mar 8, 2017 03/03/2014 - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. was upgraded to hold by analysts at Thomson Reuters/Verus.'
p10
a.