(lp0
S"EOD Risers: Pfizer Inc., Travelers Companies Inc, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Walt ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - 23 hours ago Shares of Pfizer Inc. with ticker code:  a research-based global biopharmaceutical company, climbed 0.32% or 0.11 points during yesterday's session."
p1
aS'Former Pfizer Inc.  Executive Leaves Intrexon Corp  Less ... Journal Transcript - 4 hours ago Less than a year after joining Intrexon Corp  from Pfizer Inc. , Geno Germano is leaving the company after a reorganization that saw the programs he was heading stripped away and handed to a new entity.'
p2
aS"1 Thing About Pfizer, Inc. Stock That You Might Be Overlooking Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 But what about Pfizer's essential health business segment? This business might seem boring compared to the company's innovative health segment, which claims those exciting products mentioned above and plenty more. However, there's a lot for investors&nbsp;...Is It Time to go for Pfizer Inc. , Snap Inc. ? - StockNewsJournalPfizer's Dividend Quality Is Very, Very Good - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"EOd Risers: Microsoft Corporation, Nike Inc, Pfizer Inc., Procter &amp; Gamble Co DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 13, 2017 The trading price for Pfizer Inc. found using EPIC:  a research-based global biopharmaceutical company, moved up 0.18% or 0.06 points at the end of Friday's session."
p4
aS"Pfizer Inc.  Planning $100M Plant Expansion In The Triangle Journal Transcript - Mar 9, 2017 Reliable sources have also indicated that Pfizer is exploring options to locate the project in Massachusetts. Pfizer is currently working on the expansion of its Andover plant at a total cost of $200. The expansion is aimed at expanding the company's ..."
p5
aS"The Technical Facts on Pfizer Inc.  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Pfizer Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS"Today Analysts Focus on Twitter, Inc. , Pfizer Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Pfizer Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 5.20, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Pfizer Inc.  Closes 0.32% Up on the Day for March 14 - Equities.comThe Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates $38.00 Price Target for Pfizer Inc.  - Petro Global News 24"
p7
aS"Better Buy: Pfizer Inc. vs. Merck &amp; Co. Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 One of the top reasons for investors to like Pfizer is its dividend. Pfizer's dividend yield currently stands at 3.81% -- one of the highest of all big pharma stocks."
p8
aS"EOD Risers: Merck &amp; Co., Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Pfizer Inc. DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 6, 2017 Shares in Merck &amp; Co., Inc. with ticker code:  a global healthcare company, moved up 0.76% or 0.5 points in Friday's trading session."
p9
aS'Pfizer Subpoenaed in DOJ Investigation of Drugmaker Charity Connections Bloomberg - Feb 24, 2017 Last year, Gilead Sciences Inc., Biogen Inc. and Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc said they had received subpoenas for documents related to the nonprofits.Pfizer subpoenaed in US over patient assistance plans - Reuters'
p10
a.