(lp0
S"Here's Why PHH Corporation's Foundation Crumbled on Thursday Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Shares of PHH Corporation , a provider of outsourced mortgage-banking services to financial institutions and real estate brokers in the U.S.PHH Corporation's  CEO Glen Messina on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaPHH Corporation Announces Sale of Certain Assets of PHH Home Loans - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS"PHH Corporation Comments on EJF Capital's Intention to Nominate Directors Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 PHH Corporation   today issued the following statement in response to EJF Capital's filing on Schedule 13D of its intention to nominate two candidates to the PHH Board of Directors.EJF Capital is Buying Phh Corp  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive PHH Co.  Stake Held by Ejf Capital LLC - Community Financial News"
p2
aS'Stephen Staid Joins PHH Corporation as Senior Vice President, Servicing Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 PHH Corporation   today announced that Stephen Staid has joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Servicing.PHH adds Stephen Staid as senior vice president of servicing - HousingWire'
p3
aS'PHH Corporation welcomes new SVP Mortgage Professional America - Feb 24, 2017 As we stated during our fourth quarter earnings call, we intend to transition to a capital-light business model comprised of subservicing and portfolio retention services, said Glen A. Messina, president and CEO of PHH Corporation. We are delighted ...'
p4
aS'PHH Corp.  Sells non-GNMA Mortgage Servicing Rights Portfolio to New ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 28, 2016 PHH Corporation  entered into an agreement with New Residential Investment Corp.  for the sale of its entire portfolio of mortgage servicing rights  and related servicing advances, excluding the Ginnie Mae  MSRs&nbsp;...Why Silver Wheaton, Endologix, and PHH Corp. Jumped Today - Motley FoolNew Residential inks MSR purchase deal with PHH Corp. - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS'PHH Corporation Announces Third Quarter Results Business Wire  - Nov 8, 2016 Net loss attributable to PHH Corporation of $27 million or $0.50 per basic share, which includes $23 million of pre-tax expenses related to notable items, including $11 million related to an increase in reserves for legacy regulatory matters, and a $13 ...PHH exiting private label origination business; selling off Ginnie Mae MSRs - HousingWire'
p6
aS"PHH Corporation's  CEO Glen Messina on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the PHH Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference call. Your lines will be in a listen-only mode during remarks by PHH management.Local mortgage company fined $28M by New York regulator - Philadelphia Business JournalPHH fined $28 million by NYDFS for &quot;shoddy&quot; mortgage servicing - HousingWire"
p7
aS"BRIEF-PHH Corp comments on EJF Capital's intention to nominate directors Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 TOKYO, March 10 Japan's Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Friday he thought Toshiba Corp's prospects of reporting its third-quarter earnings by a March 14 deadline depend in large part on whether its nuclear unit Westinghouse decides to file for ..."
p8
aS'PHH Corporation Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Results Business Wire  - Feb 15, 2017 Net loss attributable to PHH Corporation of $133 million or $2.49 per basic share, which includes $73 million of pre-tax expenses related to notable items, a $55 million pre-tax unfavorable market-related fair value adjustment to our mortgage servicing ...'
p9
aS'PHH Corp. appoints SVP, servicing NJBIZ - Feb 22, 2017 Mount Laurel-based PHH Corp. announced Tuesday that Stephen Staid has been appointed senior vice president, servicing. Staid is succeeding Marty Foster, who is retiring from his post after 20 years of service.Brokers Issue New Targets On PHH Corp  - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.