(lp0
S'Park Electrochemical Corp. Declares Cash Dividend GlobeNewswire  - 14 hours ago MELVILLE, N.Y., March 15, 2017  -- The Board of Directors of Park Electrochemical Corp.  declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.10 per share payable May 2, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on&nbsp;...Park Electrochemical Corp.  to Issue $0.10 Quarterly Dividend - The Cerbat GemWatching Shares of Park Electrochemical Corp.  - SKV News'
p1
aS'Park Electrochemical Corp. Risk Points versus Technology CML News - 8 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Park Electrochemical Corp.  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p2
aS'Park Electrochemical Corp. Announces Election of Matthew Farabaugh as Senior ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 11, 2016 MELVILLE, N.Y., March 11, 2016  -- Park Electrochemical Corp.  announced the election of Matthew Farabaugh as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.'
p3
aS'GE stall, Asian slump nip Park Electrochemical Innovate Long Island - Jul 6, 2016 ... net sales and earnings for Park Electrochemical Corp. - though an international aerospace rebound may have the Melville manufacturer regaining altitude soon.'
p4
aS'The Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys 58200 Shares of Park Electrochemical ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in Park Electrochemical Corp.  by 6.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Option Market: Park Electrochemical Corp. Risk Hits A Depressed Level - CML News'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Park Electrochemical Corp.  versus RadiSys ... CML News - Feb 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Park Electrochemical Corp.  versus RadiSys Corporation  .Would You Buy Park Electrochemical Corporation  On These Analyst ... - Fiscal Standard'
p6
aS'Park Electrochemical Corp. Realized Volatility Hits An Escalated Level CML News - Feb 15, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Park Electrochemical Corp.  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20 ...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: CTS Corporation  versus Park Electrochemical Corp ... CML News - Feb 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for CTS Corporation  versus Park Electrochemical Corp.  .'
p8
aS'Park Electrochemical Corp. Announces Appointment of John Andresakis as ... Business Wire  - May 5, 2015 NEW YORK----Park Electrochemical Corp.  announced that John Andresakis has been appointed to the position of Director of Technical Marketing for the Company.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: KEMET Corporation  is Beating Park Electrochemical ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for KEMET Corporation  versus Park Electrochemical Corp.  .Park Electrochemical Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p10
a.