(lp0
S'United Community Banks completes merger with Palmetto Bancshares Greenville News - Sep 1, 2015 United Community Banks, Inc. said Tuesday it had closed its merger with Greenville-based Palmetto Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, The Palmetto Bank.United Community Banks, Inc. Completes Merger With Palmetto Bancshares, Inc ... - GlobeNewswire '
p1
aS'Palmetto Bank brand to disappear Spartanburg Herald Journal - Apr 27, 2015 The Palmetto Bank brand will soon disappear from the Upstate. Blairsville, Ga.-based United Community Banks Inc., the holding company for United Community Bank, has signed a merger agreement with Palmetto Bancshares Inc., the Greenville-based&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"United Community Banks and Palmetto Bancshares Announce Merger Agreement GlobeNewswire  - Apr 22, 2015 BLAIRSVILLE, Ga. and GREENVILLE, S.C., April 22, 2015  -- United Community Banks, Inc.  , the holding company for United Community Bank, and Palmetto Bancshares, Inc.  , the&nbsp;...United Community Banks and Greenville-based Palmetto Bancshares announce ... - Greenville NewsUnited Community Bank merging with SC's Palmetto Bank - Atlanta Journal Constitution"
p3
aS'Palmetto Investment Professionals Adds Financial Advisor PR Newswire  - Aug 1, 2013 1, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- The Palmetto Bank , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Palmetto Bancshares, Inc. , and Investment Professionals, Inc., jointly announced the addition of Bryan Neill as a financial advisor with Palmetto&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'20 Questions with Sam Erwin Greenville News - Jan 30, 2015 Sam Erwin has served as chief executive officer and president of The Palmetto Bank since July 2009 and is also the chief executive officer of Palmetto Bancshares Inc, the holding company for The Palmetto Bank. Additionally, Erwin was elected chairman ...'
p5
aS'IberiaBank Corp. to expand into Greenville GSA Business - Dec 5, 2016 Erwin was most recently Upstate regional president for United Community Bank following the purchase of Palmetto Bancshares Inc. and its subsidiary The Palmetto Bank by United Community Bank in 2015. At Palmetto Bancshares, Erwin was the chairman,&nbsp;...IBERIABANK Corporation Announces Expansion Into Greenville, South Carolina - PR Newswire IberiaBank expands into Greenville, South Carolina - The Advocate'
p6
aS'Buyout Firms Are Heading for the Exit With Their Bank Investments TheStreet.com - Jun 8, 2015 In addition to the sale Sterling Financial deal, the analyst pointed to Greenville, S.C.-based Palmetto Bancshares, which was sold to Blairsville, Ga.'
p7
aS"O'Neal Inc. names Daniel Faulk biz development manager Greenville News - Mar 10, 2015 The Palmetto Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Palmetto Bancshares Inc., appointed Roy D. Jones as treasurer. Jones, an executive vice president, will continue as the bank's chief financial officer."
p8
aS'New member joins Southern States Bank board Birmingham Business Journal - Feb 17, 2017 Lynch is a founding partner of Patriot Financial Partners, a private equity investment fund focusing on investments in the community banking sector throughout the United States.'
p9
aS'Lufkin Industries, Inc. , Bank of America Corp , Palmeto Bancshares ... Insider Monkey  - Apr 8, 2013 The top loser on Monday is Palmetto Bancshares Inc ,which declined by 17.91% to $12.01 in deals worth $750 by 10.15 am EDT.'
p10
a.