(lp0
S'Why Did Panera Bread Company Shares Gain 12% in February? Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 In a struggling environment for restaurants, Panera Bread  has been a rare success story. The company has successfully gown its sales, carving out a niche pushing &quot;clean&quot; food, and being technologically forward.Maxim Group Reiterates Buy Rating for Panera Bread Co  - BNB Daily '
p1
aS'After West Michigan success, Panera Bread to offer delivery nationwide MLive.com - Mar 14, 2017 GRAND RAPIDS, MI - Following a successful run in West Michigan, Panera Bread has announced a plan to offer delivery service nationwide.Panera Bread to roll out delivery in Knoxville - Knoxville News Sentinel'
p2
aS"Panera Bread Rises Higher on Solid Growth, Optimistic Outlook Motley Fool - Feb 7, 2017 Panera's actual results were better than some had expected, and the company believes that 2017 could bring the fruits of its efforts to drive innovation and efficiency forward.Panera Bread Co. Reports 1% Advance In Q4 Earnings - NasdaqPanera Bread Jumps on Q4 Earnings Beat, Revenue Miss - Zacks.com"
p3
aS"Panera expanding home delivery to St. Louis Bread Co. customers STLtoday.com - Feb 1, 2017 St. Louis Bread Co. will slowly add delivery at individual restaurants in the coming weeks, Panera's president, Blaine Hurst, told the Post-Dispatch."
p4
aS"Panera Bread Co. Bakes Up a Strong Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 27, 2016 Panera Bread Co.  reported second-quarter financial results on July 26, delivering financial and operating performance that exceeded the expectations of many investors.Panera expands delivery rollout - Nation's Restaurant News"
p5
aS"PNRA Stock: 4 Reasons to Buy Panera Bread Co U.S. News & World Report - Sep 9, 2016 To back up his proclamation, Shaich's company will not use artificial ingredients and sweeteners in its meals; nor will it attempt marketing gimmicks, like toys, that target children, instead offering sides like fruit and veggies.Panera Bread Has Found a Recipe for Renewed Growth - Barron's"
p6
aS"Panera Bread  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 26, 2016 Please refer to our investor website at panerabread.com to find the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures reference in today's call.Panera Bread Co  Stock Pops on Q3 Earnings Beat - Investorplace.comPanera Bread Co Shares Surge 6% as Q3 Earnings Top Estimates - ETF Daily News "
p7
aS'Panera Bread: The Industry Outperformer Seeking Alpha - Nov 7, 2016 Panera is one of the &quot;oldest&quot; and most developed fast casual restaurants. The company runs bakery caf concept with balanced menu, ranging from salads through soups to sandwiches.'
p8
aS'Panera Bread Appoints Blaine Hurst President GlobeNewswire  - Dec 9, 2016 ST. LOUIS, Dec. 09, 2016  -- Panera Bread Company  has named company veteran Blaine Hurst President effective Monday, December 12, 2016, following the resignation of Drew Madsen for personal reasons.'
p9
aS"Panera Bread makes new animal welfare pledge for broiler chickens CNBC - Dec 20, 2016 Panera Bread is once again throwing down the gauntlet to its competitors. The company said Tuesday that it will be adopting practices set forth by the Global Animal Partnership's Broiler Chicken Standard.Panera Bread takes the high ground on animal welfare - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.