(lp0
S"Primo Water Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results ... GlobeNewswire  - 13 hours ago 2016 was a transformational year for our company, commented Billy D. Prim, Primo Water's Chief Executive Officer.Primo Water Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.comPrimo Water Corporation  Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations ... - Highland Mirror"
p1
aS'Primo Water to Announce Results for the Fourth Quarter and the Fiscal Year ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 7, 2017 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C., March 07, 2017  -- Primo Water Corporation , the leading provider of multi-gallon purified bottled water, self-service refill water and water dispensers, will announce results for the fourth quarter&nbsp;...EPS Estimate Of Primo Water Corporation  At $-0.33 - Enterprise LeaderPrimo Water Corporation  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News'
p2
aS'Primo Water Corporation Is Turning Around Seeking Alpha - Sep 23, 2013 This article is about Primo Water Corporation . Primo Water has a market capitalization of $65 million. It supplies water dispensers and bottled water in 3-5 gallon containers to fit these dispensers using the &quot;razor/razor-blade&quot; business ...'
p3
aS'Primo Water: Making Water Drinkable Seeking Alpha - Jan 24, 2017 Primo Water Corp   is a consumer goods company operating in the beverage industry. Primo differentiates itself by offering a complete water solution unlike their competitors.'
p4
aS'Prime Time For Primo Water Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 I believe Primo Water Corporation  presents an attractive value due to explosive growth, consumer trends, and outstanding management.'
p5
aS'Primo Water Sell-Off Is Seriously Overdone: Original Story Remains Intact Seeking Alpha - Aug 24, 2011 A more recent, similar situation that has caught my attention is Primo Water Corporation . It went public last November at $12, stayed at or above that level for the entire year, did a secondary in June at $11 that was over-subscribed ...'
p6
aS'Primo Water Co.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - 21 hours ago Primo Water Co.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Wednesday.PT Watch on These Stocks: Primo Water Corporation  TrueCar, Inc ... - Sherwood DailyPrimo Water Corporation  likely to see 9% move on its earnings reaction day - Post Analyst'
p7
aS'Intelligent Quant: 3 Reasons Why PepsiCo/Primo Water Is An Interesting Long ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 In this article, I write about a potential money-making market neutral trade that consists of going long PepsiCo, Inc.  at the same time shorting Primo Water Corporation . There are three primary reasons why I believe this is a ...'
p8
aS"What you need to know about Primo Water Corporation's  growth? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 Primo Water Corporation 's business is predicted to decline -106.4% during the next year. But an investor should be more concerned about the long-term trend.Primo Water Corporation  Yearly Sales Estimates At $75.816 - Equities FocusPrimo Water Co.  to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS"Primo Water's  CEO Billy Prim on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 1, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Primo Water's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode."
p10
a.