(lp0
S"PAREXEL International Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 15 Equities.com - 12 hours ago PAREXEL International Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 15, as the stock lost 0.45% to close at $64.15.PAREXEL International Corporation : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalAnalysts Near-Term outlook: Kate Spade &amp; Company , PAREXEL International ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'PAREXEL International Appoints Simon Harford as Senior Vice President and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 PAREXEL International Corporation , a leading global biopharmaceutical services provider, today announced the appointment of Simon Harford as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective June 1, 2017.PAREXEL Names Simon Harford SVP &amp; CFO - Quick Facts - RTT News'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Parexel International Corp files for non-timely 10-Q Reuters - Nov 10, 2016 LONDON, March 10 British Prime Minister Theresa May sought to reassure City executives at a private gathering hosted by Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley that she would seek the right deal for the financial services industry in upcoming Brexit negotiations.'
p3
aS"PAREXEL International Corporation's Q1 Report Flops, Shares Sink As Much As 13% Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 Shares of PAREXEL International Corporation , a biopharmaceutical services company that provides clinical research, logistics, and medical communications consulting, sank as much as 13% during Thursday's trading session following the&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'PAREXEL International Corporation Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - 10 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for PAREXEL International Corporation  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p5
aS"PAREXEL International Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 8, 2017 PAREXEL International Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 08, as the stock gained 1.79% to close at $63.75.PAREXEL International Corporation  Stock Moves Down and Here's Why - The Ledger GazetteZacks estimated an EPS of $3.29 for PAREXEL International Corporation (NASDAQ ... - TopChronicle"
p6
aS'PAREXEL International to Participate at Cowen &amp; Co. Health Care Conference and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 PAREXEL International Corporation is a leading global biopharmaceutical services company, providing a broad range of expertise-based clinical research, consulting, medical communications, and technology solutions and services to the worldwide&nbsp;...Investors Traded Stocks: VEREIT Inc.  , PAREXEL International ... - NYSE Journal PAREXEL International Corporation  Mean Price Target At $63.8500 - Equities Focus'
p7
aS'PAREXEL International Corporation  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 PAREXEL International Corporation  is a biopharmaceutical outsourcing services company. The Company provides a range of expertise in clinical research, clinical logistics, medical communications, consulting, commercialization, and technology&nbsp;...The Brokerages Set PAREXEL International Corporation  PT at $61.36 - DailyQuintTop Earnings Report to Watch for: PAREXEL International Corporation  - The Voice Registrar'
p8
aS"Parexel loses $160M in value after disclosing possible embezzlement Boston Business Journal  - Sep 1, 2016 Waltham-based Parexel International Corp., one of the world's biggest contract research organizations, suffered a loss of about $160 million in market value Wednesday after disclosing that it's looking into a possible misappropriation of corporate ...Parexel falls 4.8% on 10-K filing delay - Seeking AlphaParexel delays regulatory filing after an employee steals money - STAT"
p9
aS"PAREXEL International Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 6, 2017 PAREXEL International Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 06, as the stock lost 0.97% to close at $62.40.PAREXEL's guidance cut spooks investors; shares down 8% - Seeking AlphaPAREXEL International Corporation  is Downgraded by Deutsche Bank to  Sell - Highland Mirror"
p10
a.