(lp0
S"Park Sterling closes one branch in Richmond, consolidates into another in ... Richmond.com - 11 hours ago It didn't make sense to keep the branch at 5601 Patterson Ave. open after the Charlotte, N.C.-based bank purchased First Capital Bancorp Inc., the Henrico-based parent company of First Capital Bank, said James C. Cherry, CEO of Park Sterling Corp ..."
p1
aS"Park Sterling completes acquisition of First Capital Bancorp. Charlotte Observer  - Jan 4, 2016 The parent company of Charlotte-based Park Sterling Bank announced Monday that it has completed its acquisition of Virginia's First Capital Bancorp.Park Sterling names leadership team for Richmond area - Richmond Times-Dispatch"
p2
aS"Charlotte's Park Sterling Corp. to buy Virginia bank Charlotte Observer - Oct 1, 2015 The parent company of Park Sterling Bank announced Thursday that it's signed an agreement to acquire a Virginia lender, marking the latest expansion push by the Charlotte-based company.Park Sterling to gain footing in area with First Capital purchase - Richmond Times-DispatchPark Sterling Bank to buy First Capital Bank, expand presence in Richmond - Charlotte Business Journal "
p3
aS"Capital Bank, Park Sterling report 4Q profits affected by merger deals Charlotte Observer - Jan 26, 2017 The bank said it had merger-related costs of $3.0 million as it condolidated operations centers as part of its purchase of Virginia's First Capital Bancorp."
p4
aS'Former Wachovia executive to become CFO at Park Sterling Charlotte Observer  - Feb 5, 2016 Truslow, 57, is replacing David Gaines, 56, who is leaving Park Sterling Corp. at the end of March to pursue other interests, the bank said.'
p5
aS'Park Sterling Corp  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by Brokerages Sports Perspectives - Mar 14, 2017 Park Sterling Corp logo Shares of Park Sterling Corp  have been given a consensus rating of Hold by the nine analysts that are currently covering the company.'
p6
aS"Park Sterling Bank CEO's compensation rises 32% Charlotte Observer - Apr 14, 2014 The chief executive of Charlotte-based Park Sterling Corp. was awarded $750,846 in total compensation for 2013, about 32 percent more than the year before, as the bank's earnings rose and its nonperforming loans shrunk.Park Sterling Bank execs get raises, cash bonuses - Charlotte Business Journal "
p7
aS"Park Sterling seeks to boost commercial lending in Charlotte region Charlotte Observer  - Jun 14, 2016 Park Sterling Corp. is stepping up efforts to lend to larger businesses in the Charlotte metropolitan area, underscoring the Charlotte bank's push to grow revenues as low interest rates crimp the industry's profitability."
p8
aS"Park Sterling picks up team of bankers, regional president from CommunityOne Charlotte Business Journal  - Jun 13, 2016 Park Sterling Corp.  is hiring a commercial banking team from CommunityOne Bank Monday. The Charlotte-based community bank said the new team of bankers will join the company's local operations."
p9
aS'Park Sterling Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 10 Equities.com - Mar 10, 2017 Park Sterling Corp is a bank holding company. The Company through its subsidiary provides banking products, including personal, business and non-profit checking accounts, IOLTA accounts, individual retirement, &amp; business &amp; personal money market&nbsp;...Park Sterling Corp.  Insider Nancy L. Foster Sells 20000 Shares - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.