(lp0
S'Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd. Announces Entry Into A Definitive Merger ... PR Newswire  - Nov 24, 2014 HAMILTON, Bermuda, Nov. 24, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd.   announced today that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd.'
p1
aS"Platinum Underwriters Holdings: Cheap and Great Management Seeking Alpha - Mar 11, 2011 I caught an episode of Fast Money on CNBC Wednesday and Doug Kass mentioned that he liked a company called Platinum Underwriters Holdings . I admit I hadn't heard of the company before. He called it a special situation and likened it to&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'RenaissanceRe Completes Acquisition Of Platinum PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2015 About Platinum Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd., now a wholly owned subsidiary of RenaissanceRe, is a leading provider of property, casualty and finite risk reinsurance coverages, through reinsurance brokers, to a diverse clientele on a worldwide ...Half of Platinum staff kept on by RenRe - Royal Gazette'
p3
aS"Should You Avoid Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd. ? Insider Monkey  - Sep 3, 2013 Because Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd.  has experienced a fall in interest from the smart money's best and brightest, logic holds that there were a few hedgies that slashed their entire stakes in Q1."
p4
aS'Hannon Armstrong Announces $0.33 per Share Quarterly Dividend, Expands Board ... Yahoo Finance - 11 hours ago ... having previously served as Managing Director in the Ares Credit Group of Ares Management, L.P. and at American Capital, Ltd. Previously, Mr. Cressall was a Senior Vice President and Treasurer at Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd., a publicly ...'
p5
aS'Term Sheet  Tuesday, November 25 Fortune - Nov 25, 2014 RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd.  has agreed to buy fellow Bermuda-based reinsurer Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd.  for approximately $1.9 billion in cash and stock. The $76 per share purchase price represents around a 24%&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"IRS Scrutiny of Offshore Tax Avoidance Repels Bids for Bermuda Reinsurers Insurance Journal - May 19, 2015 The IRS's scrutiny of tax avoidance in offshore locations has discouraged bidders from taking over reinsurers, potentially reducing the companies' value."
p7
aS'Endurance to Take Over Montpelier Re for About $1.83 Billion Bloomberg - Mar 31, 2015 Axis Capital Holdings Ltd. announced a plan in January to merge with PartnerRe Ltd. On March 2, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. said it completed the acquisition of Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd. Endurance had offered $3.2 billion last year to buy&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Two Sigma-Backed Insurer Seeks Takeovers as IPO Likely, CEO Says Bloomberg - Sep 24, 2015 Duperreault's firm bought Sportscover Underwriting Limited Ltd. this year to push into the the Lloyd's of London market and acquired units from Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. in 2014 to provide primary insurance. His approach contrasts with hedge-fund&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Axis to Merge With PartnerRe, Form $11 Billion Reinsurer Bloomberg - Jan 26, 2015 XL Group Plc agreed this month to buy Catlin Group Ltd., a Lloyd's of London company, for about $4.2 billion. RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd."
p10
a.