(lp0
S'Pioneer Natural Resources  to Sell Martin County Acreage for $266M StreetInsider.com - 13 hours ago Pioneer Natural Resources Company  today announced that it has signed a purchase and sale agreement with an undisclosed buyer to sell its previously-announced acreage package in northeastern Martin County, Texas, for $266 million,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Pioneer Natural Resources Continues Midland Pruning With $266 Million Deal Oil and Gas Investor  - 12 hours ago Pioneer Natural Resources Co.  continues to high-grade its Midland Basin acreage with the sale of acreage in northeastern Martin County, Texas.Today Analysts Focus on Pioneer Natural Resources Company , MetLife, Inc ... - StockNewsJournalPioneer Natural Resources Company  Dips 2.77% for March 14 - Equities.com'
p2
aS"The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: BP, ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell and ... Yahoo Finance - 21 hours ago Stocks recently featured in the blog include BP plc , ExxonMobil Corporation , Royal Dutch Shell plc's (NYSE: RDS."
p3
aS'Why Pioneer Natural Resources  Could Be Positioned for a Surge Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources Company PXD is an oil and gas exploration and production company that could be an interesting play for investors.'
p4
aS'Can Shares Of Pioneer Natural Resources Blow Past 52-Week Highs? Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources is a rare independent oil producer to report two quarterly profits  in the second half of 2016, thanks to a low-cost asset base.'
p5
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Pioneer Natural Resources, McDermott ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Pioneer Natural Resources Co. , McDermott International Inc. , Comstock Resources Inc. , Flotek Industries Inc. (NYSE: FTK&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Pioneer Natural Resources : An Off-the-Radar Potential Winner Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is Pioneer Natural Resources Company PXD. This Oil and Gas - Exploration and Production - United Statesstock has actually seen estimates rise ...Pioneer Natural Resources : An Off-the-Radar Potential Winner February 27 ... - Zacks.com'
p7
aS"Moody's upgrades Pioneer Natural Resources' rating to Baa2 Moodys.com   - Mar 1, 2017 A well-hedged production mix and aggressive cost management should continue generating a leveraged full-cycle ratio well in excess of 1.0x, even in this lower priced crude oil and natural gas environment. Moody's expects that Pioneer will continue to&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Pioneer Natural Resources Company  Rises 2.69% for March 15 Equities.com - 12 hours ago Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Wednesday March 15 was Pioneer Natural Resources Company , popping some 2.69% to a price of $184.14 a share with some 2.34 million shares trading hands.'
p9
aS"JPMorgan Just Compared Pioneer Natural Resources to Apple &amp; Amazon. It's Not ... Barron's  - Feb 14, 2017 Think of Pioneer Natural Resources  and many things come to mind. Breaking out? Check. An earnings beater? Check. But I'm not sure anyone would think of stocks like Apple , Amazon.Mitsubishi UFJ Upgrades Pioneer Natural Resources  to Overweight - StreetInsider.comSurging Earnings Estimates Signal Good News for Pioneer Natural Resources  - Yahoo Finance"
p10
a.