(lp0
S"Intel Corp. and Qualcomm, Inc.: On a Collision Course Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 For years, there has been very little intersection between Intel's  core businesses and Qualcomm's .How Intel Corporation's Execution Issues Have Helped Qualcomm, Inc. - Madison.comBetter Buy: Qualcomm Inc. vs. Intel Corporation - Bloomington Pantagraph"
p1
aS"Should Qualcomm Inc. Worry About Xiaomi's New Chips? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm  and Chinese smartphone giant Xiaomi are often considered close partners. Qualcomm became one of Xiaomi's earliest investors in 2011, and all of Xiaomi's flagship devices use Qualcomm chips."
p2
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Reportedly Gaining Chip Share in China Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Qualcomm  is the largest vendor of applications processors used in smartphones today. Though the company's highest-end applications processors, like the recently announced Snapdragon 835 for &quot;premium tier&quot; phones, garner the most&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Data-Center Chips Get Microsoft Corporation's Blessing Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 Qualcomm  is well known for its cellular modems and mobile applications processors. Sales of such products make up the overwhelming majority of its semiconductor revenues.QUALCOMM, Inc.  Aligns With Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... - Stock Market DailyMicrosoft Pledges to Use ARM Server Chips, Threatening Intel's Dominance - Bloomberg"
p4
aS'Will Apple Inc. Completely Ditch Qualcomm, Inc. in the iPhone? Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2017 Analyst Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna  recently put out a note suggesting that Intel  may be able to wrestle away more cellular modem market share from Qualcomm  in future Apple&nbsp;...Intel Corporation  Proves To Be A Threat To QUALCOMM, Inc ... - Traders350'
p5
aS'QUALCOMM, Inc.  Partners With the Brazilian Government to Set up ... Library For Smart Investors - Mar 13, 2017 QUALCOMM, Inc.  has entered into a partnership with the Brazilian government with a goal to setting up a factory for semi-conductors.QUALCOMM, Inc.  Shares Sold by Frontier Wealth Management LLC - BNB Daily The QUALCOMM, Inc.  Position Decreased by Hunter Associates Investment ... - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS"MediaTek's Helio X30 Fails to Beat Qualcomm, Inc.'s Snapdragon 835 Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Qualcomm  is the undisputed leader in the merchant smartphone applications market in terms of unit and revenue share."
p7
aS"Qualcomm: A View Of The Future Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 Many factors combined to produce the downturn. Among them, regulatory proceedings against the company, legal issues with Apple, Inc. , and legal issues in China. On top of all of this, Qualcomm missed Q1 2017 revenue estimates.Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Won't Escape These Problems Anytime Soon - Investorplace.comBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Merck &amp; Co., Inc. , QUALCOMM ... - The USA Commerce"
p8
aS"Why Qualcomm, Inc. Stock Spiked 30% in 2016 Motley Fool - Feb 15, 2017 Qualcomm, Inc.'s  stock price jumped 30.09% in 2016, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, thanks to positive news for the company's patent licensing division, a midyear earnings beat, and Qualcomm's bid to buy&nbsp;...Market Challenge: What About Qualcomm? - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS"Apple's UK Suit Against Qualcomm Adds to Global Patent War Bloomberg - Mar 2, 2017 Apple Inc. sued Qualcomm Inc. in a U.K. court, adding to lawsuits across the globe in a sprawling battle over patents and licensing fees between the iPhone developer and the largest designer of mobile phone chips.Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Has Problems Beyond Apple Inc.  - Investorplace.com"
p10
a.