(lp0
S"Why Shares of QLogic Corp. Surged Today Motley Fool - May 6, 2016 What: Shares of network infrastructure solutions provider QLogic Corp.  soared on Friday following the company's fiscal fourth-quarter report."
p1
aS'Cavium, Inc. Commences Exchange Offer to Acquire QLogic Corporation PR Newswire  - Jul 13, 2016 Upon satisfaction of the conditions to the Offer, and after the shares tendered in the Offer are accepted for payment, Cavium and QLogic intend, as promptly as practicable, to effect a merger pursuant to Section 251 of the Delaware General ...'
p2
aS"QLogic Corp. FlexSuite 2600 Series Fibre Channel Adapters TechTarget - Feb 13, 2013 QLogic Corp.'s FlexSuite 2600 Series Fibre Channel  adapter won the networking equipment category in Storage magazine's/SearchStorage."
p3
aS'QLogic: Constant Comparison With Emulex Is An Opportunity Seeking Alpha - May 26, 2016 QLogic  is suffering from the constant comparison with Emulex, another Fiber Channel competitor that was acquired at a great price by Broadcom , but this constant comparison seems to be short-changing the fast improving&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Broadcom to sell assets to QLogic in $147 mln deal MarketWatch - Feb 18, 2014 Broadcom Corp. BRCM said Tuesday that it will sell certain assets and non-exclusive licenses to QLogic Corp. QLGC, +0.12% for $147 million in cash.Broadcom Corporation  is selling certain assets and licenses to QLogic ... - Pulse 2.0QLogic grabs Broadcom Ethernet assets - Register'
p5
aS'Short interest Of QLogic Corporation  At 925739 Markets Daily - 16 hours ago Alpha One is known to set market sentiment on a specific stock. For this purpose, it deploys algorithm based analytics. The procedure deliberates on the news that have been accessible across the web on an agreed particular day.'
p6
aS'QLogic Corp  CEO Rampalli Resigns StreetInsider.com - Aug 21, 2015 QLogic Corp  announced that the board has appointed Christine King as executive chairman and Jean Hu as acting CEO.QLogic Announces Leadership Change - Business Wire QLogic Makes Leadership Changes - Orange County Business Journal'
p7
aS'QLogic Corporation  Being Acquired For $1.36 Billion Market Exclusive - Jun 17, 2016 QLogic Corporation  has agreed to be acquired by fellow semiconductor company Cavium Inc . The transaction has an equity value of $1.36 billion if cash on the balance sheet of QLogic is included.Cavium to Buy Networking Products Company QLogic - Wall Street Journal'
p8
aS'QLogic: Growing Market Share, Future Innovation Are Keys For Success Seeking Alpha  - Mar 16, 2015 My current recommendation is the company called QLogic Corporation . This company has been in the Ethernet industry for 20 years and has consistently created forward-looking innovations to meet the demands of the future.'
p9
aS'Is QLogic Corporation a Turnaround Play? Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2014 QLogic  has been in a slump for several years, with low operating margins and decreasing quarterly revenue. Within the last year, the company has been trying to adapt by changing CEOs, cutting costs, and investing in new product lines that&nbsp;...'
p10
a.