(lp0
S'Quantum Corp. Has Turned The Corner Seeking Alpha - Oct 20, 2016 Quantum Corp.  is a provider of scale-out, data protection and archive storage solutions. The company has transitioned the business away from slower growing but cash flow positive tape storage to its rapidly growing scale-out storage business.'
p1
aS'Quantum Corporation: Quantum and Interica Partner to Lower Cost and Increase ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 14, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif. and LONDON, March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum Corp.  and Interica today announced a joint solution which enables oil and gas organizations to add cloud archive storage to their exploration workflows.'
p2
aS'Guess Who Picked Up Quantum Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 3, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Quantum Corp  reported that Viex Capital Advisors, Llc.Quantum Corporation  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... - Market ExclusivePrice Forecast For Quantum Corporation  Stock At $1.5 - Transcript Daily'
p3
aS"Quantum's Flash Integration Helps Drive 62% Growth in Enterprise Deduplication ... PR Newswire  - Jan 26, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif., Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum Corp.  today highlighted its significant market momentum in disk-based backup and deduplication, as both existing and new customers increasingly deploy the company's DXi&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Quantum Corporation and VIEX Capital Advisors Sign Agreement to Reconstitute ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum Corp.  today announced that it has reached an agreement with VIEX Capital Advisors, LLC, which owns approximately 11 percent of outstanding shares of Quantum's common stock,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Quantum Extends StorNext Data Management Benefits to Customers With Public ... PR Newswire  - Dec 13, 2016 SAN JOSE, Calif., Dec. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum Corp.  today announced significant new enhancements to its award-winning StorNext scale-out file system that take unstructured data management to higher levels of efficiency and&nbsp;...Quantum Announces StorNext 5.4 - StorageReview.comQuantum's New StorNext 5.4 Release Provides Greater Efficiency and Flexibility ... - Broadcasting & Cable"
p6
aS'BRIEF-Quantum Corp reaches agreement with Viex Capital to reconstitute board Reuters - Mar 3, 2017 DUBAI, March 12 Stock markets in the Gulf look set to start the week on a soft footing after crude oil prices plunged at the end of last week to a three-month low, while a likely U.S.'
p7
aS"BRIEF-Viex Capital, affiliates entered into settlement agreement with Quantum Corp Reuters - Mar 3, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Quantum Executes $170 Million Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility Package PR Newswire  - Oct 21, 2016 See how at www.quantum.com/customerstories. Quantum and the Quantum logo are registered trademarks of Quantum Corporation and its affiliates in the United States and/or other countries.'
p9
aS'Storage Magazine Names Two Quantum Products as Finalists for 2016 Product of ... PR Newswire  - Jan 12, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif., Jan. 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum Corp.  today announced that two of its products have been named finalists in the Storage magazine/SearchStorage.'
p10
a.