(lp0
S'Better Buy: The Coca-Cola Co vs. Reynolds American, Inc. Madison.com - Mar 14, 2017 With both Coke and Reynolds American, the key moat is provided by their brands. Little has to be said about the power of Coke.'
p1
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Reynolds American Inc. , HP Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Reynolds American Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.07 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;...Reynolds American, Inc.  SVP Daniel A. Fawley Sells 14297 Shares of Stock - Chaffey BreezeThe Nokota Management LP Invests $28720000 in Reynolds American, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Reynolds American Inc. , The Dow Chemical ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Reynolds American Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.07 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;...Analyzing Analyst Recommendations: Reynolds American Inc. , The Dow ... - TWNTrader's Round Up: Reynolds American Inc. , The Dow Chemical Company ... - TRA"
p3
aS"Reynolds American Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 Reynolds American Inc.  is a holding company. The Company's segments include RJR Tobacco, which consists of the primary operations of its subsidiary, R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe, which consists of the primary operations of its&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Reynolds American Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Reynolds American Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.'
p5
aS"BAT deal for Reynolds American clears first regulatory step Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 9, 2017 The first step has been cleared of the regulatory and shareholder approvals required for British American Tobacco Plc to secure full ownership of Reynolds American Inc. Reynolds' independent board of directors announced Jan. 17 that it had accepted BAT ...Lookout for Price Target? GGP Inc. , Reynolds American Inc.  - StockNewsJournalInsider Trading Activity Reynolds American, Inc.   Insider Sold ... - Market Exclusive"
p6
aS'Reynolds American Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 08, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Reynolds American Inc  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.51 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 03, 2017.'
p7
aS'Research Reports on Cigarettes Equities -- Reynolds American, Altria, Philip ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 Stock-Callers.com has issued research reports on four Cigarettes equities, namely: Reynolds American Inc. , Altria Group Inc. , Philip Morris International Inc. , and Vector Group Ltd .'
p8
aS'Will Reynolds-British American Merger be a Reality Soon? Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 The highly anticipated tobacco merger between Reynolds American Inc. RAI and British American Tobacco BTI seem to have cleared the antitrust hurdles from the U.S authorities.Watch List: British American Tobacco plc  , First Hawaiian, Inc ... - NYSE Journal '
p9
aS"Digging Up the Facts on Reynolds American Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Feb 22, 2017 Reynolds American Inc.  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Cigarettes. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $60.94, up from yesterday's close by 0.35%.Trexquant Investment LP Has $1771000 Position in Reynolds American Inc  - The Cerbat GemAnalysts Recommendation and Rating Review: Reynolds American, Inc.  - Post Registrar"
p10
a.