(lp0
S"Rally Software Development Corp. Stock Soars on Acquisition by CA Technologies Motley Fool - May 28, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.New York firm to acquire Boulder's Rally Software for $480 million - The Denver PostCA Technologies  to Acquire Rally Software  in ~$480M Deal - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS"Why Rally Software Development Corp. Shares Plummeted Motley Fool - Dec 6, 2013 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis."
p2
aS"Enterprise Specialist Rally Software Raises $84M In IPO As Shares Pop 28%, Now ... TechCrunch - Apr 12, 2013 Rally's products let businesses implement agile software development and lean practices to speed up the rate of innovation and increase agility in the software development process. As CEO Tim Miller explained it, if you're a developer, Rally is the ..."
p3
aS"Rally Software IPO to benefit nonprofits Denver Business Journal  - Sep 26, 2013 Rally Software's IPO took place nearly six months ago, but one of its biggest impacts will happen early next month. Rally Software Development Corp.'s April 12 debut on the New York Stock Exchange was the highest-profile achievement for a Colorado&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'CA Technologies Completes Acquisition of Rally Software Business Wire  - Jul 8, 2015 NEW YORK----CA Technologies  today announced it has completed the acquisition of Rally Software Development Corp. , a leading provider of Agile development software and services. The close of this&nbsp;...CA Technologies Completes $480M Rally Software Buyout - Zacks.com'
p5
aS'Rally Software Announces Unlimited Edition PR Newswire  - Jun 9, 2010 Rally, the Rally logo and Rally Software Development are trademarks of Rally Software Development Corp. Oscar is a registered trademark of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.'
p6
aS'CA Technologies to acquire Rally Software Development Newsday - May 28, 2015 Rally, which has about 500 employees worldwide, sells programs to help software makers speed up the development of their products. &quot;In order to compete, businesses need to develop high quality software quickly and reliably,&quot; CA chief executive Mike&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Rally Software Names Angela Tucci to Chief Revenue Officer PR Newswire  - Dec 4, 2014 Rally's SaaS platform transforms the way organizations manage the software development lifecycle by aligning software development and strategic business objectives, facilitating collaboration, and increasing transparency. Rally's consulting and ..."
p8
aS'Is Rally Software Development Corp  Really Rallying? ORCL, IGV &amp; SKYY SmallCap Network - Jun 18, 2014 Small cap cloud and enterprise services stock Rally Software Development Corp  just had a reversal - meaning its worth taking a closer look at the stock along with potential performance benchmarks like Oracle Corporation ,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Rally Software leases additional 89K square feet for Boulder headquarters The Daily Camera - Jun 29, 2013 Boulder's Rally Software Development Corp. began the second quarter with an $84 million initial public offering and finished it with a larger base for its corporate operations."
p10
a.