(lp0
S"Rackspace to sell customer support for Google's cloud offering San Antonio Business Journal - Mar 8, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc. got the green light to start selling managed cloud service support for enterprise customers of Google's cloud engine, the company announced today."
p1
aS"Rackspace promotes one executive to president as another retires San Antonio Business Journal - Jan 10, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc.'s executive suite is being shuffled slightly and dealt a fresh hand for the New Year - with promotions, retirement and a new president for the managed cloud provider, the company announced.Rackspace Elevates 8-Year Racker Jeff Cotten to President - Rivard Report"
p2
aS'Rackspace layoffs begin as it restructures as a private company San Antonio Business Journal - Feb 7, 2017 San Antonio-based cloud hosting company Rackspace Hosting Inc. is eliminating some job positions as it begins cutting the workforce to fit into its new mold as a private company, the business confirmed.Rackspace cutting 6% of US workforce - mySanAntonio.com'
p3
aS'How Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Rose 34% in August Motley Fool - Sep 2, 2016 26, Rackspace formally announced that affiliates of the Apollo Global Management  fund family is taking the company private.'
p4
aS"Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Earnings: Incremental Improvements Motley Fool - Aug 9, 2016 Rackspace's transition away from hosted services and into providing high-quality support for other cloud platforms is making a big difference to the company's cash costs.Is Rackspace Hosting, Inc. 's Winning Streak Coming To An End? - ValueWalkRackspace spinoff scouting around downtown for tech office, talent - San Antonio Business Journal"
p5
aS'Notice of Dismissal Without Prejudice of Luger v. Rackspace Hosting, Inc ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 SAN ANTONIO, Feb. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- If you held shares of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. between August 26, 2016 and November 3, 2016, this Notice contains important information regarding the dismissal of a putative class action concerning the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"How Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Fell 16.6% in June Motley Fool - Jul 8, 2016 So what: The largest drop of the month fell on June 10, when Rackspace's share price took a 5.5% haircut. Some sources pinned this move on an analyst downgrade from &quot;buy&quot; all the way down to &quot;sell,&quot; which sure sounds like a legitimate market-moving&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Why Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Jumped Sky-High Today Motley Fool - Aug 4, 2016 What: Trading of Rackspace Hosting  shares was halted just before the close of Thursday's trading -- but the stock had already jumped 12.7% higher on suddenly massive volume.Rackspace Hosting Nears Sale to Private-Equity Firm - Wall Street JournalApollo Global in talks to acquire Rackspace: sources - Reuters"
p8
aS'Email startup that helps businesses stay out of the spam folder spins out of ... San Antonio Business Journal - Feb 22, 2017 A San Francisco-area technology startup that was acquired by Rackspace Hosting Inc. in 2012 has spun out of the company in a deal worth $50 million, Mailgun Technologies Inc. announced today.'
p9
aS"Meet the new board of directors for Rackspace, now a private company San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 4, 2016 There are new leaders at Rackspace Hosting Inc., a San Antonio-based managed cloud provider, after it was swept off the New York Stock Exchange and is now owned by private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC.It's official: Rackspace exiting New York Stock Exchange - San Antonio Express-News "
p10
a.