(lp0
S'United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  Announces Dates for Q4 2016 Earnings ... PR Newswire  - Jan 3, 2017 GLASTONBURY, Conn., Jan. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  , the holding company for United Bank , today announced that it expects to&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  versus United ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p2
aS'United Financial Bancorp Sees Profits Soar To Record Levels Hartford Courant - Jan 24, 2017 The Glastonbury-based parent of United Bank said Tuesday its profits soared to record levels in the fourth quarter, boosted by strong loan growth and asset quality.'
p3
aS'The United Financial Bancorp Inc  Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in United Financial Bancorp Inc  by 4.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  1-Year Price Target At $15.5 - Enterprise Leader'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating Northwest ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Northwest Bancshares Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Dime Community Bancshares Inc  versus United ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Dime Community Bancshares Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating United ... CML News - Feb 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for United Financial Bancorp Inc  versus United Community Financial Corp.The Bancorp, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BTIG Research - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: LendingTree Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp ... CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for LendingTree Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Financial ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Meridian Bancorp Inc  versus United Financial ... CML News - Feb 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Meridian Bancorp Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p10
a.