(lp0
S'Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd. and Port Everglades Sign MOU Cruise Critic - Mar 14, 2017  -- Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd., and Port Everglades in Fort Lauderdale have signed a Memorandum of Understanding  for a long-term contract that will include terminal renovations.Royal Caribbean steps up the high-tech battle on the high seas - TechRepublicPort Everglades and Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. sign MOU - Cruise and Ferry'
p1
aS"Royal Caribbean Named Most Ethical Company by the Ethisphere Institute for the ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 MIAMI, March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  has been recognized by the Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices, as a 2017 World's Most Ethical&nbsp;...Royal Caribbean named one of World's Most Ethical Companies for second year in ... - Royal Caribbean Blog "
p2
aS"Royal Caribbean cuts South Korean sites from China cruises Reuters - Mar 9, 2017 BEIJING/SHANGHAI Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd  will remove visits to South Korean ports from its China cruises, the firm said in a statement, amid rising tension between the two countries over Seoul's deployment of a U.S.Royal Caribbean reportedly drops Korea from China cruises - Seatrade Cruise NewsRoyal Caribbean breaks ground on new cruise terminal at PortMiami - Royal Caribbean Blog "
p3
aS'Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 03, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 03, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.48 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 05, 2017.'
p4
aS'Royal Caribbean Jettisons Balconies And Adopts RFID Tracking In New Celebrity ... GCaptain - 15 hours ago Celebrity Edge Class Cruise Ship. Image via Royal Caribbean by Nikki Ekstein  Richard Fain, the chief executive officer of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., is willing to bet $5 billion that he can take everything you know about cruising and ...Pictured: The incredible new cruise ship with its own MAGIC CARPET restaurant ... - Daily MailCelebrity Cruises reveals Celebrity Edge, a ship designed to transform ... - Travel Daily News International'
p5
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. , Royal Caribbean ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 7.47, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p6
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Woodside Petroleum, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Tenneco Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/2/17, Woodside Petroleum Limited , Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd , and Tenneco Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Prominent Stock of Market: Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.'s  stock price is ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 14, 2017 USA based company, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 's latest closing price distance was at 24.67% from the average-price of 200 days while it maintained a distance from the 50 Day Moving Average at 6.37% and 1.27% compared with the 20 Day&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"With more young cruisers, Royal Caribbean adds lifeguards Travel Weekly - Mar 12, 2017 Richard Fain, chairman of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., said the change represents an evolution in the company's thinking rather than a reaction to any one event or trend."
p9
aS'Royal Caribbean touts success of sustainable shore excursion program TravelMole - Mar 13, 2017 &quot;We want to do our part to make sure that these destinations continue to thrive,&quot; said Roberta Jacoby, managing director, global tour operations, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. &quot;We are incredibly proud of the 70 tour operators that have been with us on ...'
p10
a.