(lp0
S"Revlon Seeks to Revive Cosmetics Clout With Arden Deal Bloomberg - Jun 16, 2016 Revlon Inc. will acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. for about $419 million, a wager that uniting two aging cosmetics giants can reinvigorate both companies' brands.Revlon Agrees to Buy Elizabeth Arden - Wall Street JournalWhy Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Shares Soared Today - Motley Fool"
p1
aS"Moody's Downgrades Elizabeth Arden to Caa1; Outlook Stable Moodys.com   - Oct 16, 2015 New York, October 16, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service  today downgraded the ratings of Elizabeth Arden, Inc. , including its Corporate Family Rating  to Caa1 from B2, Probability of Default Rating to Caa1-PD from B2-PD and&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Signs Supermodel Karlina Caune As Brand Ambassador PR Newswire  - Dec 2, 2014 &quot;The modern Elizabeth Arden woman is a passionate, multi-cultural individual who leads an active professional lifestyle,&quot; says Scott Beattie, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Elizabeth Arden, Inc. &quot;In Karlina Caune, we have found a ...'
p3
aS"Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces Appointment of George Cleary as President ... Business Wire  - Mar 7, 2016 commented E. Scott Beattie, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Elizabeth Arden, Inc. With George's appointment, the leadership transformation to a brand led structure within Elizabeth Arden is now complete, and our collective focus is on&nbsp;...Elizabeth Arden appoints new head of global fragrances - CosmeticsDesign.com USA"
p4
aS'Why Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Shares Jumped 50% in June Motley Fool - Jul 6, 2016 What: Shares of cosmetics specialist Elizabeth Arden, Inc.  popped 50% last month after it agreed to be acquired by rival Revlon, Inc. .'
p5
aS"Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Results Business Wire  - May 5, 2016 All interested parties can listen to a live web cast of the Company's conference call by visiting the Investor Relations section of the Corporate tab on the Company's web site at http://ir.elizabetharden.com. An online archive of the broadcast will be ..."
p6
aS'Elizabeth Arden: Looking Behind The Red Door Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2016 Elizabeth Arden  is well-known for its namesake skin care and fragrance brand, but the company also manages a large licensed fragrance portfolio heavily focused on celebrity brands like Britney Spears, Elizabeth Taylor and Taylor Swift.'
p7
aS"Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2015 Results Business Wire  - Aug 6, 2015 All interested parties can listen to a live web cast of the Company's conference call by visiting the Investor Relations section of the Corporate tab on the Company's web site at http://ir.elizabetharden.com. An online archive of the broadcast will be ...Elizabeth Arden profit falls short, sales fall - MarketWatch"
p8
aS'Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces Appointment of JuE Wong as President ... Business Wire  - Jul 21, 2015 NEW YORK----Elizabeth Arden, Inc. , a global prestige beauty products company, announced today the appointment of JuE Wong as President, Elizabeth Arden Brand, effective August 3, 2015.'
p9
aS"Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Results Business Wire  - Nov 4, 2015 On an adjusted basis, and at constant foreign currency rates, net sales of the Company's Elizabeth Arden branded products increased by 6%, with growth driven by the International segment, and net sales of non-Elizabeth Arden branded fragrances ..."
p10
a.