(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Regal Entertainment Group  is Beating AMC ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc  versus Regal Entertainment Group  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...Regal Entertainment Group  Stake Boosted by Allianz Asset Management AG - BNB Daily EPS Of Regal Entertainment Group  Forecasted At $0.3867 - Markets Daily'
p1
aS'Regal Entertainment Group Announces Grand Opening Festivities for Regal ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 KNOXVILLE, Tenn., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Regal Entertainment Group, a leading motion picture exhibitor owning and operating one of the largest theatre circuits in the United States, is celebrating the grand opening of Regal Crossroads 14 &amp; RPX ...'
p2
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Cedar Fair, Regal Entertainment Group and Office Depot Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/1/17, Cedar Fair LP , Regal Entertainment Group , and Office Depot, Inc.  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends.Shares of Regal Entertainment Group  Climbs 0.7% - Energy IndexBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Regal Entertainment Group , Yelp ... - The USA Commerce'
p3
aS'Shares of Regal Entertainment Group  Sees Large Outflow of Money Energy Index - Mar 14, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group  traded higher in the last at $22.81, gaining 0.02 points or 0.09%. From the data available, it can be said that the stock did not make an impact in the money flow department with the net figure coming to be $ million.Checking the Overall Picture for Regal Entertainment Group  - StockNewsJournalWhat Analysts are Predicting For Regal Entertainment Group , Graphic ... - The USA Commerce'
p4
aS'The Case for and Against Regal Entertainment Group  StockNewsJournal - Mar 9, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Movie Production, Theaters.Regal Entertainment Group Class A  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 10 - Equities.comConsensus Earnings Estimate for Regal Entertainment Group - Energy Index'
p5
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Regal Entertainment Group , Leggett &amp; Platt ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 8, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Regal Entertainment Group  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 8.15 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Regal CEO Backs Shortened Theatrical Windowing by Major Studios Hollywood Reporter - Mar 6, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group CEO Amy Miles on Monday talked up shortened theatrical windows that would see new movies released in homes sooner than within 90 days of a commercial release.'
p7
aS'Regal Entertainment Group Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Regal Entertainment Group  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.'
p8
aS"Regal Entertainment Group  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - Mar 10, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Regal Entertainment Group , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: Old Republic International Corporation (ORI ... StockNewsJournal - Feb 28, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p10
a.