(lp0
S'Earnings Preview: Silver Wheaton Corp. and Royal Gold, Inc Schaeffers Research  - Aug 10, 2016   and Royal Gold, Inc  , with the former reporting earnings tonight and the latter telling all tomorrow morning.'
p1
aS'Royal Gold, Inc. in 5 Charts Motley Fool - Dec 16, 2016 Like most gold stocks, Royal Gold, Inc.  is firing on all cylinders this year, and is still up a staggering 75% as of this writing despite slipping by double digits this past quarter.'
p2
aS"The 1 Thing Royal Gold, Inc has to Prove in 2017 Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 The outlook for one of Royal Gold, Inc's  key gold mine investments was bleak at the start of 2016, and the gold and silver streaming company has worked with partners to fix that.Dividend Growth of Royal Gold, Inc. - Morning OutlookRoyal Gold, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News"
p3
aS"How Risky Is Royal Gold, Inc.? Motley Fool - Jan 16, 2017 Royal Gold, Inc.  is a precious metals company, but it isn't a traditional miner like Newmont Mining Corp  or Freeport-McMoRan Inc ."
p4
aS"Ignore Royal Gold, Inc.: Here Are 3 Better Stocks Motley Fool - Dec 14, 2016 Royalty and streaming company Royal Gold  offers investors an attractive way to invest in precious metals. Instead of taking on the risk to develop a mine, Royal Gold acquires a revenue stream by supplying capital to mining companies.Fed, Trump Aren't Making Gold Mining Stocks Great Again - Investor's Business DailyCould You Bet on Royalty and Streaming Companies? - Market Realist"
p5
aS"3 Reasons Royal Gold, Inc. Stock Could Fall Motley Fool - Sep 22, 2016 Image source: Barrick Gold. Royal Gold, Inc.  is a streaming company, which means it does things a little differently when it comes to the precious metals market.Assessing Royal Gold's Valuation  - Investopedia"
p6
aS'Better Dividend Buy: Royal Gold, Inc. vs. Newmont Mining Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Royal Gold, Inc.  and Newmont Mining  both make their money by selling gold. However, the way they go about getting precious metals is vastly different.Royal Gold Announces Second Quarter Dividend - Yahoo FinanceRoyal Gold, Inc.  Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS"Get An Even Better Deal On RGLD Than Director Veenman Did Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 There's an old saying on Wall Street about insider buying: there are many possible reasons to sell a stock, but only one reason to buy.Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Royal Gold, Inc.  - Energy IndexBrokerages Set Royal Gold, Inc  PT at $83.38 - Chaffey Breeze"
p8
aS"Royal Gold, Inc.'s Best Move in 2016 So Far Motley Fool - Aug 25, 2016 The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better ..."
p9
aS"Royal Gold, Inc.'s Best Business Segment in 2016 So Far Motley Fool - Sep 29, 2016 The Motley Fool owns shares of Silver Wheaton. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The ..."
p10
a.