(lp0
S'ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits Market Exclusive - 19 hours ago Roper Technologies, Inc., formerly Roper Industries, Inc., is a technology company. The Company operates businesses that design and develop software and engineered products and solutions for a range of end markets, including healthcare, transportation,&nbsp;...Common Share Dividend Yield of Roper Technologies, Inc.  - Energy Index'
p1
aS'ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 ROPER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p2
aS'Roper Technologies to Acquire ConstructConnect, Leading Provider of SaaS ... PR Newswire  - Oct 31, 2016 SARASOTA, Fla., Oct. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Roper Technologies, Inc.  today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire ConstructConnect, a leading provider of cloud-based data, collaboration, and workflow&nbsp;...Roper Technologies, Inc.: Management Delivers in a Tough Year - Motley FoolRoper Technologies buys Norwood-based firm for $632M - Cincinnati.com'
p3
aS'Roper Technologies to buy software firm Deltek in $2.8 billion deal Reuters - Dec 6, 2016 IT services provider Roper Technologies Inc said it would buy business software company Deltek [THBVOK.UL] from private equity firm Thoma Bravo in a cash deal valued at $2.8 billion.Roper Technologies to Acquire Deltek, Leading Provider of Software and ... - PR Newswire '
p4
aS'Why Roper Technologies  Could Be Positioned for a Surge? Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Roper Technologies, Inc ROP thatdesigns and develops license and software-as-a-service software, and engineered products and solutionscould be an interesting play for investors.'
p5
aS"Project-Based Software Company Deltek Acquired By Roper Technologies Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 Roper Technologies operates a group of technology companies that serve distinct vertical or niche technology markets.Q&amp;A: Deltek's CEO on what's next following acquisition by Roper Technologies - Washington Business JournalHedge Funds Are Dumping Roper Technologies Inc  - Insider Monkey "
p6
aS'Roper Technologies Inc Stock Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low CML News - 14 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Roper Technologies Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day ...'
p7
aS'CFO Moves: Emerson Radio, Interface, Roper Technologies Wall Street Journal   - Mar 14, 2017 Roper Technologies Inc., a Sarasota, Fla., engineered products and solutions provider, named Robert Crisci as CFO and vice president, effective May 15.'
p8
aS'Roper Technologies About To Put More Money In Your Pocket  Forbes - Jan 3, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 1/5/17, Roper Technologies Inc  will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.35, payable on 1/23/17.Roper Technologies, Inc.  To Go Ex-Dividend on January 5th - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS"Thoma Bravo sells Deltek to Roper Technologies for $2.8 bln PE Hub   - Dec 28, 2016 Roper Technologies Inc has completed its previously announced acquisition of Deltek from Thoma Bravo for $2.8 billion. Based in Herndon, Virginia, Deltek is a provider of software and information solutions for government contractors and professional&nbsp;...Roper wraps up Tampa Bay's biggest M&amp;A deal of 2016 - Tampa Bay Business Journal"
p10
a.