(lp0
S'TSX listed corporate dividends and distributions declared March 15 Winnipeg Free Press - 15 hours ago Rbc Quant Eafe Div Leaders Etf : $0.053. Payable Mar 31. Record Mar 24.&lt;. Rbc Quant European Div Leadersetf Un : $0.054. Payable Mar 31. Record Mar 24.&lt;. Rbc Quant Us Equity Leaders &nbsp;...'
p1
aS'RBC Global Asset Management Inc. announces RBC ETF cash distributions for ... Canada NewsWire  - Dec 19, 2016 ETFs are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated. ETF units are bought and sold at market price on a stock exchange and brokerage commissions will reduce returns.'
p2
aS'RBC Global Asset Management Opens the Market Canada NewsWire  - May 12, 2015 ... U.S. Equity Leaders ETF ; RBC Quant U.S. Equity Leaders  ETF ; RBC Quant EAFE Equity Leaders ETF ; RBC Quant EAFE Equity Leaders  ETF . With these new products, RBC GAM has&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'RBC Global Asset Management Inc. Announces Annual Reinvested Capital Gains ... Canada NewsWire  - Dec 18, 2015 TORONTO, Dec. 18, 2015 /CNW/ - RBC Global Asset Management Inc. announced today annual reinvested capital gains distributions for the 2015 tax year to unitholders of RBC ETFs. Unitholders of record on December 31, 2015 will receive the 2015&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Hamilton Capital products among a crowded field of ETF hopefuls The Globe and Mail - Jan 15, 2016 The Global Bank ETF is composed primarily of equity securities of banks and other deposit-taking institutions located anywhere around the globe.'
p5
aS'RBC Global Asset Management introduces four new ETFs Canada NewsWire  - Jan 25, 2016 RBC Strategic Global Equity Leaders ETF  offers long-term capital growth from global companies by following the rules-based Quant Equity Leaders investment process, which seeks to avoid companies with low quality of earnings, expensive valuations ...'
p6
aS'How to find the top US dividend funds Financial Post - Aug 22, 2014 RBC Quant US Dividend Leaders ETF   and in U.S. dollars  have a shorter performance history than their peers, but their key differentiator is that ... The iShares US High Dividend Equity  Index ETF (XHD/TSX ...Forget Target-Date ETFs -- Consider These Multi-Asset ETFs Instead - TheStreet.com'
p7
aS"Income seekers, here's a low-cost ETF portfolio The Globe and Mail - Mar 28, 2014 The answer is a blend of Canadian, U.S. and international dividend-paying ETFs, some bond funds, some preferred share funds and some alternative funds in the real estate investment trust , high yield bond and emerging markets bond categories ..."
p8
aS'New ETF will give Canadians exposure to dividends in US tech sector The Globe and Mail - Feb 24, 2015 ...  Inc. announced Wednesday the Horizons Active US Dividend ETF , an actively managed ETF that provides investors with regular dividend income and modest long-term capital growth by investing in high-quality U.S. dividend paying stocks ...'
p9
aS'RBC launches new income ETFs as talk swirls it will launch its own robo-adviser The Globe and Mail - Sep 20, 2016 The RBC Quant Global Infrastructure Leaders EFT  is an equity fund that invests in global utilities, transportation firms, energy companies and communications firms.RBC Global Asset Management Inc. expands ETF product lineup with new income ... - Canada NewsWire '
p10
a.