(lp0
S'Skipton Building Society workers walk for charity Craven Herald - May 28, 2016 SKIPTON Building Society workers swapped the office for the open air to walk 16 miles along the Leeds and Liverpool Canal to raise money for charity. The hike from Skipton to Saltaire took about seven hours and raised more than 1,000 for Down Syndrome&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Skipton Building Society opens account to help flood victims Craven Herald - Dec 31, 2015 SKIPTON Building Society has opened a special charity account to enable anyone who wishes to support the flood victims.Children need the bank of mum and dad until they reach THIRTY-ONE but most ... - Daily MailSkipton Building Society opens account to help flooded communities - AOL Money UK'
p2
aS"SBS car park raised 250000 for charity Craven Herald - Mar 8, 2017 The cash bonanza is thanks to Skipton Building Society throwing open it's staff car park on Saturdays and Bank Holidays in an arrangement with the charity Skipton Rotary. The agreement was to ... Full details can be found on the Skipton Rotary Club ..."
p3
aS'Skipton Building Society uses 3D artwork to drive home pensions point Craven Herald - Feb 9, 2017 A GIANT piece of 3D artwork is bringing commuters on London Bridge to a standstill as Skipton Building Society reveals this image on the pavement.'
p4
aS"Small change makes a difference to two Skipton charities Craven Herald - Nov 13, 2015 TWO charities in Skipton are among 1,000 around the UK to benefit from Yorkshire Building Society members' small change."
p5
aS"Skipton residents' parking scheme goes out to final consultation Craven Herald - Oct 30, 2016 &quot;The tremendous success of Skipton Building Society as Craven' leading business and employer is to be applauded, however, the parking problems associated by this success need addressing and a successful conclusion found.&quot; Cllr Heseltine paid tribute to&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Race for SPACE raises 3000 for charity ChesterChronicle.co.uk - May 19, 2016 Thank you to the runners, marshals, volunteers, sponsors and especially to Natalie who worked hard to make it happen. The event raised over 3,000 for the charity, who are fundraising to provide a permanent sensory play centre in the area for children ...'
p7
aS'Disneyland trip for brave little four-year-old George Hall of Skipton Craven Herald - Dec 29, 2016 FEW four-year-olds can have been more excited about Christmas than George Hall - and none are looking forward to turning five in the New Year more than the Skipton youngster. For brave George is off on a trip to Disneyland Paris by Eurostar train for ...'
p8
aS"Dads tackle mountainous challenge to raise money for Skipton children's charity Craven Herald - Apr 26, 2016 TWO Skipton dads have climbed Helvellyn in the Lake District to raise money for children's charity SELFA. The dad duo reached the top of one of England's highest peaks to raise more than 1,000 for a charity close to their hearts. Dale Nicholson and ..."
p9
aS'More banks slash their savings rates: Another four turn the screw in the wake ... Daily Mail - Aug 11, 2016 But an investigation by the Daily Mail has found that at least four other firms - including Skipton Building Society and Scottish Widows - and also been quick to turn the screw on savers. In a bid to boost the economy following the Brexit vote, the ...'
p10
a.