(lp0
S'Scientific Learning Reports Year End 2015 Financial Results Business Wire  - Mar 3, 2016 OAKLAND, Calif.----Scientific Learning Corp. , a leading provider of technologies for accelerated learning, today announced financial results for the year ended December 31, 2015.'
p1
aS'Scientific Learning changes CEO and CFO, cuts jobs, maxes out credit line San Francisco Business Times - Jul 12, 2012 Scientific Learning Corp., striving to save money, changed its CEO and CFO, cut more of its employees, and drew down the remaining $4.9 million on a $5 million line of credit.'
p2
aS'Scientific Learning Releases New Resources for Teachers to Accelerate Language ... Business Wire  - Oct 12, 2016 OAKLAND, Calif.----With Build English Fast, neuroscience-designed software from Scientific Learning Corp.'
p3
aS'Equity Sheet: Reviewing the Levels for Scientific Learning Corporation (OTCPK ... Baldwin Journal - 16 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. Scientific Learning Corporation  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 18809. The EV is used to show how the market assigns ...'
p4
aS'Arizona State Board of Education Chooses Scientific Learning to Provide K-6 ... Business Wire  - Jul 12, 2016 Following a competitive bidding and review process, the State Board of Education has chosen to partner with Scientific Learning Corp.  to implement the neuroscience-designed Build English Fast solution for this project to help ELLs&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Tutoring and Other Interventions Not Helping Your Struggling Reader ... Business Wire  - Jun 16, 2016 ... reading and learning programs, including tutoring, don't address the underlying delays that cause reading difficulties. To provide parents with a proven tool to address the root causes of their child's reading and learning problems, Scientific ..."
p6
aS"BrainSpark Learning Helps Parents Boost Kids' Brain Fitness Business Wire  - Apr 21, 2009 BrainSpark puts parents in charge of their child's learning by giving them the tools to prepare their child for success in school and beyond, said Andy Myers, president and CEO of Scientific Learning. We know, from more than 30 years of brain ..."
p7
aS'New Studies Show Children Improve Language and Reading Skills, and Brain ... Business Wire  - Aug 16, 2016 Twenty years later, the software program they developed - Fast ForWord from Scientific Learning Corp.  - continues to be vetted and proven to remediate the underlying difficulties that keep struggling readers from making progress.'
p8
aS"Merritt's life's work is to help others understand Florida Times-Union - Mar 9, 2017 Merritt has spoke at numerous national professional and home schooling conferences, and has been awarded three distinguished national service awards from the Scientific Learning Corporation. In 2008, she was awarded the Innovative Therapist Award for&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Corpus Christi ISD Closes Performance Gaps; Expands Fast ForWord And Reading ... School Buyers Online - Jan 30, 2017 Developed by Scientific Learning Corp. , the online reading interventions apply proven research on how the brain learns to help students make fast and lasting improvement.'
p10
a.