(lp0
S'Smart Employee Benefits Launches Employee Health Direct Subsidiary Marketwired  - Apr 23, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.  , is pleased to announce the launch of Employee Health Direct .'
p1
aS'Joseph Iannicelli Joins Smart Employee Benefits Board of Directors Marketwired  - Jun 3, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.  , is a technology company providing &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and government clients with specialty&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Smart Employee Benefits closes acquisition of Maplesoft Group Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Dec 4, 2015 The acquisition of Maplesoft is expected to increase the consolidated annual revenue of Smart Employee Benefits by over $50mln, and contribute substantially to the overall profitability of Smart Employee Benefits, the Mississauga, Ontario-based company&nbsp;...SEB Closes Acquisition of Maplesoft Group - Marketwired '
p3
aS'SEB Announces Agreement to Acquire Paradigm Consulting Group Marketwired  - Aug 26, 2014 26, 2014) - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.   is a technology company providing, via a SaaS business model, &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and government clients with specialty practices&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'SEB Launches &quot;SEB Benefits &amp; HR Consulting Inc.&quot; Marketwired  - Aug 27, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.   is a technology company providing, via a SaaS business model, &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"SEB Acquires the Paradigm Group of Companies to Strengthen Presence in Western ... Canada NewsWire  - Mar 9, 2015 REGINA, March 9, 2015 /CNW/ - Smart Employee Benefits, Inc.   today completed its acquisition of Regina-based Paradigm Consulting Group Inc. and Winnipeg-based PCGI Consulting Services, substantially increasing SEB's&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'SEB Acquires 50% of Banyan and Adds Disability Management Expertise Marketwired  - Nov 4, 2014 4, 2014) - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.   is a technology company providing &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and government clients with specialty practices focused on &quot;managing group benefit&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Brainhunter founder looks to repeat Ottawa Citizen - Dec 14, 2015 John McKimm - New Brunswick native, financier and entrepreneur - is a big fan of the national capital region. I love the city, says the 62 year-old founder and chief executive of Smart Employee Benefits Inc. I love coming there to visit. He's ..."
p8
aS'The Complete Package: Smart employee benefits now include homebuyer benefits Utah Business - Apr 20, 2016 Depending on the customized level of the program, it is a complete value add for both the employee and employer. If you are a company trying to be competitive and want to attract and retain top talent, take a look at adding the homebuyer benefits ...'
p9
aS'Do smart offices attract smart employees? Information Age - Nov 21, 2016 Many believe this is exclusive for multi-national organisations, but small businesses can boost their offering significantly by making a number of small changes.'
p10
a.