(lp0
S"Judge puts Seattle Genetics' $2 billion deal with Immunomedics on hold Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 9, 2017 17, Immunomedics sued shareholder VenBio for attempting to take over Immunomedics' board and kill the licensing deal with Seattle Genetics. VenBio had a 9.9 percent stake in Immunomedics at the the time of the lawsuit. VenBio says the Seattle Genetics&nbsp;...DEADLINE MONDAY: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Seattle ... - Yahoo FinanceJudge Blocks $2B Immunomedics-Seattle Genetics Deal  - Investopedia"
p1
aS'Seattle Genetics  Up 8.2% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Seattle Genetics, Inc. SGEN . Shares have added about 8.2% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Seattle Genetics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com'
p2
aS'Why Seattle Genetics, Inc. Got Clobbered Today Motley Fool - Dec 27, 2016 Seattle Genetics  is down 15% at 11:57 a.m. EST after announcing the Food and Drug Administration has put a clinical hold on multiple early stage clinical trials testing its cancer drug vadastuximab talirine, which used to go by its code ...Seattle Genetics Plunges After Drug Studies Halted on Deaths - Bloomberg'
p3
aS'Seattle Genetics signs $2B licensing deal with Immunomedics for cancer drug Puget Sound Business Journal   - Feb 15, 2017 Seattle Genetics Inc. has signed a $2 billion deal with New Jersey-based Immunomedics to license rights to a cancer drug. When finalized, the deal will give Bothell-based Seattle Genetics  exclusive global rights to develop, manufacture ...Seattle Turns To Buying In Growth - Seeking AlphaSeattle Genetics, Inc  And Immunomedics, Inc.  Are ... - FinancialsTrend'
p4
aS'Seattle Genetics to resume trials as FDA lifts clinical hold Daily Mail - Mar 6, 2017 March 6  - Seattle Genetics Inc said on Monday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration lifted a clinical hold on several early stage studies testing its experimental cancer drug.Seattle Genetics : FDA Lifts Hold on Trial of AML Drug - Yahoo FinanceFDA lifts hold on Seattle Genetics drug trials - Reuters'
p5
aS'Seattle Genetics Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - 10 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Seattle Genetics Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p6
aS'Bear of the Day: Seattle Genetics  Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 SGEN, a Zacks Ranked #5 , is a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative antibody-based therapies for the treatment of cancer.'
p7
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Seattle Genetics, Inc. , Extra Space Storage ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Seattle Genetics, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -19.32 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p8
aS'EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action ... PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2017 NEW YORK, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces the filing of a class action lawsuit on behalf of purchasers of Seattle Genetics Inc. securities  from October 27, 2016 through&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'March 13, 2017 Deadline in Lawsuit for Investors in NASDAQ: SGEN Shares ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 SAN DIEGO, CA / ACCESSWIRE / February 27, 2017 / The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. announces that a deadline is coming up on March 13, 2017 in the lawsuit that was filed for certain investors in NASDAQ: SGEN shares over alleged violations of&nbsp;...SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on ... - GlobeNewswire The Seattle Genetics, Inc.  Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss - DailyQuint'
p10
a.