(lp0
S'Scientific Games Completes Acquisition of DEQ Systems Corp. PR Newswire  - Jan 18, 2017 LAS VEGAS, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Scientific Games Corporation   today announced the successful completion of its acquisition of DEQ Systems Corp.DEQ announces completion of arrangement with Scientific Games - Canada NewsWire '
p1
aS'Scientific Games Corp.  Surged To A New High After Q4 Loss Narrowed RTT News - Mar 6, 2017 Scientific Games dipped at the open Friday, but then climbed until around mid-afternoon. The stock finished with a gain of 1.60 at $22.50 with volume at a 6-month high.Scientific Games Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire Scientific Games Corporation congratulates record-setting Florida Lottery - World Casino Directory'
p2
aS'Scientific Games signs exclusive James Bond licensing deal Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Scientific Games Corporation  announced a license agreement for the James Bond franchise, spanning land-based gaming, lottery and social slots.Scientific Games gets exclusive James Bond licensing - GGRAsia'
p3
aS"Scientific Games: Don't Fight The Tape Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 I've progressively come around to the idea that a short of Scientific Games  simply is too dangerous, and too difficult - and the Q4 report only strengthened my conviction in that belief."
p4
aS"Scientific Games'  CEO Kevin Sheehan on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 Good afternoon. And welcome to the Scientific Games Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Investor Conference Call."
p5
aS"Scientific Games Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Nov 3, 2016 Scientific Games Corporation  is a leading developer of technology-based products and services and associated content for worldwide gaming, lottery and interactive markets.Scientific Games'  CEO Kevin Sheehan on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaScientific Games targets $75 million in cost savings in third-quarter report - VEGAS INC"
p6
aS'Scientific Games Announces Successful Completion of Financing Transactions PR Newswire  - Feb 14, 2017 LAS VEGAS, Feb. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Scientific Games Corporation   today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Scientific Games International, Inc. , successfully completed a series&nbsp;...Guess Who Picked Up Scientific Games Corp.  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive Missouri Lottery extends instant games contract with Scientific Games - Seeking Alpha'
p7
aS'Scientific Games Corporation Price Volatility Hits An Escalated Level CML News - 13 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Scientific Games Corporation  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over ...'
p8
aS'Scientific Games Congratulates Florida Lottery on Record-Breaking Week of ... PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 LAS VEGAS and ATLANTA, March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Scientific Games Corporation   today congratulated the Florida Lottery , one of its largest and most successful instant game&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Scientific Games names new COO VEGAS INC - Feb 14, 2017 Scientific Games Corp. announced the appointment of Karin-Joyce  Tjon as chief operating officer and president on Monday.Scientific Games appoints Karin KJ Tjon as new COO - SBC NewsScientific Games completes financing deals - GGRAsia'
p10
a.