(lp0
S'STEVEN MADDEN, LTD.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Jan 31, 2017 Steven Madden, Ltd. and its subsidiaries design, source, market and sell name brand and private label footwear for women, men and children.Steve Madden completes acquisition of Schwartz &amp; Benjamin - Seeking Alpha'
p1
aS'Steven Madden Ltd.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 01 Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 Steven Madden Ltd.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 01, as the stock gained 1.61% to close at $37.95. On the day, Steven Madden Ltd. saw 780,382 shares trade hands on 5,614 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Steven Madden, Ltd.  Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - 20 hours ago Steven Madden logo Steven Madden, Ltd.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued on Wednesday.The Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Purchases 1300 Shares of Steven Madden ... - Petro Global News 24The Way Wall Street Experts See Steven Madden, Ltd.  - Post Analyst'
p3
aS'Steven Madden: Some Doubts On Relative Valuation Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 Steve Madden is a well-known company in the footwear market, which has reported decent levels of profitability and growth for several years.'
p4
aS'Steven Madden Ltd.  Stake Raised by First Trust Advisors LP Sports Perspectives - Dec 27, 2016 Steven Madden logo First Trust Advisors LP raised its position in Steven Madden Ltd.  by 70.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p5
aS'Why Steven Madden Is A Good Investment Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2017 Steven Madden is a US-based apparel company that designs, develops and markets fashion footwear and accessories for men, women and children.'
p6
aS"Steven Madden Gets Support From Strong Balance Sheet Seeking Alpha - Aug 5, 2016 Steven Madden's brand strength and debt-free balance sheet are two of its most valuable qualities. At the second quarter of 2016, Steven Madden's cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities position stood at nearly $200 million and it held no debt ..."
p7
aS"Why I Can't Own Steve Madden Seeking Alpha - Jul 8, 2016 Steve Madden  has seen its fair share of bullish and bearish calls on Seeking Alpha, but investor sentiment has definitely been shifting towards the bull side as the company's stock now languishes near a yearly low."
p8
aS"Reasons for Edward Rosenfeld's Shares Unload of Steven Madden Ltd's Stock ... HuronReport - Mar 7, 2017 The CEO and Chairman of the Board of Steven Madden Ltd, Edward Rosenfeld is in the stock market news today. It was disclosed in a public form filled by Edward Rosenfeld and submitted to the Washington-based SEC on March 07, 2017, he unloaded&nbsp;...Steven Madden, Ltd.  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeSteven Madden, Ltd.  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS'Checking the Numbers for Steven Madden, Ltd.  Sherwood Daily - 16 hours ago Steven Madden, Ltd.  has a current Value Composite Score of 31. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would represent an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an expensive or overvalued company.'
p10
a.