(lp0
S'Why Six Flags Entertainment Corp Stock Surged 14% in October Motley Fool - Nov 12, 2015 The theme park industry has roared back following the financial crisis -- full-year attendance is up 9% at Six Flags. Management credited a 25% increase in sales of annual passes for the strong quarter and said the company is well-positioned to reach ...'
p1
aS'Fiesta Texas president says unprecedented additions planned for Six Flags park San Antonio Business Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Fiesta Texas President Jeffrey Siebert - who became familiar with plans for the San Antonio theme park long before it arose from the remains of a closed quarry 25 years ago - confirmed that the parent company, Six Flags Entertainment Corp., has much&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Saudi Fund Is Reportedly Considering a Stake in Six Flags Skift - Feb 8, 2017 Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, which is being transformed into a $2 trillion investment giant, is considering buying a stake in U.S."
p3
aS'Six Flags Entertainment Becomes Oversold  Forbes - Aug 15, 2016 In trading on Monday, shares of Six Flags Entertainment Corp  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 27.0, after changing hands as low as $51.63 per share.'
p4
aS"Ex-Dividend Reminder: Speedway Motorsports, Wendy's and Six Flags Entertainment Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/27/17, Speedway Motorsports, Inc. , Wendy's Co , and Six Flags Entertainment Corp  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Six Flags, Samsung Partner to Take Virtual Reality Roller Coaster Customer ... Loyalty360 - Feb 14, 2017 Six Flags Entertainment Corp. and Samsung Electronics America recently announced a broad marketing partnership which appoints Samsung as the Official Technology Partner of the world's largest regional theme park company."
p6
aS"Six Flags sales boosted by higher attendance MarketWatch - Feb 22, 2017 Six Flags Entertainment Corp.'s fourth-quarter revenue climbed as more customers flocked to its amusement parks. The company said guest spending per capita declined 7% to $35.39 during the quarter, but attendance surged 22% due to the growing&nbsp;...Six Flags Entertainment Corporation New  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... - Equities.comSix Flags Entertainment Corp  Shares Are Downgraded To A Hold Rating - Stock Market Daily"
p7
aS"Fiesta Texas parent Six Flags sees losses shrink in first quarter San Antonio Business Journal - Apr 27, 2016 It's never good when a company reports a first-quarter net loss of nearly $47 million, as Six Flags Entertainment Corp.Six Flags Entertainment's  CEO John Duffey on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaSix Flags looks at more international growth, mulls adding sports bars - Dallas Morning News"
p8
aS'Six Flags Eyes Up Plan To Enter The Strange World Of Saudi Tourism Forbes - Jun 21, 2016 Six Flags Entertainment Corp, the US theme park operator, is planning to open a site in Saudi Arabia, according to its CEO John Duffey.'
p9
aS'Six Flags aiming to open first Saudi theme park by 2021 Arab News - Nov 16, 2016 A waiver from Dubai Parks and Resorts, which holds exclusive rights to develop and operate Six Flags-branded theme parks in the six member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council , would enable the Saudi parks to carry the Six Flags name, he said.'
p10
a.