(lp0
S'Skechers: A Big Run Up Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 But out of all the apparel stores, brands, and department stores, I believe Skechers  is the best positioned for the future of athleticwear.'
p1
aS"Skechers USA, Inc. , Cooper Tire &amp; Rubber Company  Stock Eyes Ahead ... The USA Commerce - 22 hours ago Shares of Skechers U.S.A., Inc.  dropped -1.13% to $26.16. During the trading on 03/14/2017, Company's stock ranged from $26.16 to $26.78.Sales Growth Analysis: Skechers USA, Inc. , Cooper Tire &amp; Rubber Company ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p2
aS'Skechers USA Inc.: Skechers Performance Extends Partnership with Conqur ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 14, 2017 SKECHERS USA, Inc., based in Manhattan Beach, California, designs, develops and markets a diverse range of lifestyle footwear for men, women and children, as well as performance footwear for men and women.Skechers Performance Extends Partnership with Conqur Endurance Group - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Skechers USA Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Skechers U.S.A. Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.Stock Price of Skechers USA, Inc.  Increases 2.54% - Energy IndexStock to Monitor: Skechers USA, Inc.  - Is stories'
p4
aS'Skechers: Is There Room To Kick Even Higher? Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 After shares in Skechers  surged about 20% following a strong Q4 earnings report, I revisited my position in the company to see if the company has room to kick even higher. The company appears to have room to run, but Skechers will first have ...'
p5
aS'Sell-Side Sees Upside &amp; Positive Growth in Skechers USA, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Skechers U.S.A., Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.'
p6
aS"Skechers: Positive Momentum In Revenue, Buy On Dips Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Anyway, we would be buyers on any dips since fundamentals are intact and we see Skechers as a good long-term investment. The main ... The company's total store base grew 50% to 2,012 locations worldwide, 571 of which are owned by the company."
p7
aS"Option Market: Skechers USA Inc Risk Hits A Depressed Level CML News - Mar 7, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Skechers U.S.A. Inc (NYSE ...Revenue Approximations Analysis: Nordstrom, Inc. , Skechers USA, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalDavid Weinberg Sells 24188 Shares of Skechers USA Inc  Stock - Chaffey Breeze"
p8
aS"Option Market: Skechers USA Inc Risk Hits A Lowered Level CML News - Feb 21, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Skechers U.S.A. Inc (NYSE ..."
p9
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Skechers USA, Inc. , Blue Buffalo Pet Products ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 8, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Equity Research Analyst's Stock Ratings: Skechers USA, Inc. , Blue ... - TWN"
p10
a.