(lp0
S'Why Salix Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. Stock Was Clobbered in November Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2014 What: Shares of Salix Pharmaceuticals , a biopharmaceutical company that develops and acquires drugs designed to treat gastrointestinal diseases, was clobbered in November and fell by 29%, based on data from S&amp;P Capital IQ, after the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. Completes Tender Offer For Salix ... PR Newswire  - Apr 1, 2015 LAVAL, Quebec, April 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.   today announced the expiration of the tender offer  by a subsidiary of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International ...Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc. Acquired Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd.:Now What? - The Motley Fool CanadaDrugmaker Valeant completes $11 billion purchase of Salix - Reuters'
p2
aS"Salix Pharmaceuticals Reports 4Q2014 and FY2014 Results Business Wire  - Mar 2, 2015 Salix Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina, develops and markets prescription pharmaceutical products and medical devices for the prevention and treatment of gastrointestinal diseases.An Overview of Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd.  Fourth Quarterly Earnings - Stocks.orgValeant's Bad Acquisition Of Salix Is Now Supported With Numbers - Seeking Alpha "
p3
aS'A Bizarre Pharma Love Triangle Seeking Alpha  - Oct 1, 2014 In the article, I mentioned Salix Pharmaceuticals was being discussed as a prime candidate to do a tax-inversion deal. Just a few days later on July 9th, Salix Pharmaceuticals announced a deal to buy three gastrointestinal drugs from a unit of Italy ...Salix Said in Talks to Sell to Actavis as Allergan Fades - Bloomberg'
p4
aS'Cipla Ltd grants Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd rights for Rifaximin Economic Times - Sep 18, 2014 MUMBAI: Indian drugmaker Cipla Ltd has agreed to grant US-based Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd rights relating to the &quot;Rifaximin complexes&quot; patent family controlled by Cipla, the two companies said on Thursday.Salix Secures Additional Intellectual Property Relating to Rifaximin - Business Wire Cipla, Salix Pharma sign patent out-licensing deal - Business Standard'
p5
aS'Exclusive: Salix Pharma working with advisers to explore options - sources Reuters - Jan 20, 2015 Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd SXLP.O, a maker of bowel drugs, is working with investment bank Centerview Partners Holdings LP to explore its options, including a potential sale to a larger drugmaker, according to three people familiar with the matter ...'
p6
aS"Valeant, in Push for Cash, Looks to Sell Stomach-Drug Business Wall Street Journal - Nov 1, 2016 Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. is in advanced talks to sell a big stomach-drug business to Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. for about $10 billion, a move seen easing pressure on Valeant over its hefty debt load. The companies could reach a&nbsp;...Here's Why Valeant Selling Salix Was a Huge Surprise to the Stock Market - FortuneValeant in talks to sell Salix stomach-drug unit in $10 billion deal - Reuters"
p7
aS'Salix Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. Rises On Valeant Buyout Rumor ValueWalk - Feb 20, 2015 Valeant Pharmaceuticals is reportedly close to a buyout deal for Salix Pharmaceuticals, reports multiple media outlets. David Faber of CNBC was the first to report on the potential acquisition, and it was later repeated by other media outlets using ...Valeant To Acquire Salix Pharmaceuticals For $158.00 Per Share In Cash - PR Newswire Canadian drug maker Valeant buying Salix Pharmaceuticals for $10B - CBC.ca'
p8
aS"Salix Pharmaceuticals CEO Plans to Retire Wall Street Journal - Jan 5, 2015 Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. said President and Chief Executive Carolyn Logan plans to retire by the end of January, months after an accounting issue may have derailed the drug maker's takeover.Carolyn Logan to Retire as Chief Executive Officer of Salix Pharmaceuticals - Business Wire Amid turmoil at Raleigh's biggest pharma, Salix CEO retires - Triangle Business Journal"
p9
aS"Salix Pharmaceuticals to Clear Wholesaler Inventory Wall Street Journal - Dec 16, 2014 Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. unveiled plans Tuesday to clear out its wholesaler inventory, just months after a potential takeover stalled because of concerns over the company's high inventory levels.Salix Pharmaceuticals Provides Updates on Wholesaler Inventory Reductions and ... - Business Wire "
p10
a.