(lp0
S"California's Simplicity Bancorp to Merge with HomeStreet, Inc. Business Wire  - Sep 29, 2014 BUSINESS WIRE)--HomeStreet, Inc.   has entered into a definitive agreement under which Simplicity Bancorp, Inc.  , a Maryland corporation and savings and loan holding company, will merge&nbsp;...Seattle Lender to Buy Covina's Simplicity Bank - Los Angeles Business Journal"
p1
aS"HomeStreet, Inc. and Simplicity Bancorp Merger Scheduled for March 1, 2015 Business Wire  - Feb 27, 2015 SEATTLE----HomeStreet, Inc.   today announced that its merger with Simplicity Bancorp and the merger of HomeStreet's subsidiary, HomeStreet Bank, with Simplicity Bank is scheduled for completion on&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Pacific Commerce Bank to Acquire Vibra Bank Los Angeles Business Journal - Oct 30, 2014 Pacific Commerce will pay 120 percent of Vibra's book value as of the month prior to closing, expected in the first quarter of next year."
p3
aS"Premier Business Bank, First Mountain Bank to Join Los Angeles Business Journal - Jun 5, 2015 That's been a factor in several recent small bank deals, including the sale late last year of Covina's Simplicity Bancorp to Seattle thrift HomeStreet Inc. Premier Business Bank, which had $239 million in assets as of March 31, has branches in downtown ..."
p4
aS'HomeStreet, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2015 Results Business Wire  - Jan 26, 2016 We believe this information is useful to investors who are seeking to exclude the after-tax impact of merger-related expenses and a bargain purchase gain, both of which we recorded in connection with our merger with Simplicity Bancorp on March 1, 2015 ...'
p5
aS'Mutual bank conversions ebb, but still offer big upside Reuters - Aug 7, 2013 Mutual-to-stock conversions can be attractive because depositors get first crack at any stock offering, usually for a price at 50 percent to 60 percent of book value , according to Trent Feldman, president of Feldman Financial ...'
p6
aS'Pilsner, a style guide: unforgiving in simplicity LancasterOnline - Jun 30, 2016 The Pilsner style of beer also is unforgiving in its simplicity. Originating in the town Pilsner in the Bohemian region of what is now the Czech Republic, and gaining popularity among brewers in Germany, a Pilsner beer refreshes the palate with its ...'
p7
aS'Mutual of Omaha and Guild Align; Correspondent Investor Update Mortgage News Daily - Oct 2, 2014 HomeStreet, Inc.  has entered into a definitive agreement under which Simplicity Bancorp, Inc.  will merge with HomeStreet, and Simplicity Bank, a federally chartered savings bank institution, will merge with&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'INSERTING and REPLACING HomeStreet, Inc. Reports Year-End and Fourth Quarter ... Business Wire  - Jan 23, 2017 We believe this information is useful to investors who are seeking to exclude the after-tax impact of acquisition-related expenses and a bargain purchase gain, both of which we recorded in connection with our mergers with Simplicity Bancorp on March 1,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc. Announces Expansion into Hoboken, New Jersey Business Wire  - Mar 18, 2015 Clifton Bancorp Inc. is the holding company of Clifton Savings Bank, a metropolitan, community-focused bank serving residents and small businesses in Northern New Jersey, with emphasis on customers who prefer simplicity, sincerity and sound advice&nbsp;...'
p10
a.