(lp0
S'Sonus Increases Mobile Operator Network Options with LTE Calling PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, introduced today the newest addition to its mobility suite: LTE Calling.'
p1
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Sonus Networks Inc., 40.0% Follow-Through Indicator ... Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017 Sonus Networks Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.Sonus Networks Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 16 - Equities.com'
p2
aS'Sonus Diameter Signaling Controller Selected by Korea Telecom PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, announced today that Korea Telecom , the largest tier one service provider in South Korea, selected the Sonus Diameter Signaling Controller &nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Telegate Deploys Sonus' Virtualized SBC in the Amazon Cloud for its Peering ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, announced today that Telegate, a leading telecom solutions provider in the Asia-Pacific region, selected the Sonus Session Border Controller Software&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Sonus Demonstrates Orchestration of its Cloud-Optimized SBC at the HPE Partner ... PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, announced today that it is demonstrating how interoperable, virtualized solutions can increase the speed of deployment of real-time communications in&nbsp;...Most Recent Stock Movements: Sonus Networks, Inc.  - Is storiesEPS Of $-0.23 Expected For Sonus Networks, Inc.  - Markets Daily'
p5
aS"Price Fluctuations to Observe: Sonus Networks, Inc.  Is stories - 20 hours ago Sonus Networks, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -0.91% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 6.54. The company's last traded volume of 0.32 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 0.36 million shares.The Sonus Networks, Inc.  Short Interest Up 34.6% in February - Petro Global News 24Sonus Networks, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by Analysts - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS'Sonus Continues Real-Time Communications Leadership with Introduction of New ... PR Newswire  - Jan 17, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in secure and intelligent Cloud communications, announced today a significant addition to its Session Border Controller  portfolio with the introduction of the Sonus SBC 5400.'
p7
aS'Sonus Introduces Cloud-Optimized Diameter Signaling Controller PR Newswire  - Feb 24, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, introduced today a Cloud-optimized version of its Diameter Signaling Controller Software edition .'
p8
aS'Sonus Networks: New Products Accelerating Overall Growth - 60% Upside Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2016 Sonus is cheap with 40% of its market cap in net cash and trading at 0.9x sales. The company is turning the corner after a rough  2015.'
p9
aS'Cowen Downgrades Sonus Networks, Inc.  to Underperform StreetInsider.com - Sep 29, 2016 Cowen downgraded Sonus Networks, Inc.  from Market Perform to Underperform with a price target of $4.00 .'
p10
a.