(lp0
S'Mexus Gold US Completes Sale of the San Felix Mine GlobeNewswire  - Mar 31, 2014 The total purchase price of $5,000,000 will be paid by the assumption of certain debt and in shares of common stock of Silver Pursuit Resources Limited and $4,000,000 in cash to be paid no later than March 24, 2015. Mexus will continue to hold a 50%&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Revealed: The 60 most wonderful, cool and inspirational women in Plymouth Plymouth Herald - Mar 8, 2017 Madeleine has made an inspiring start in life by pursuing a typically male-dominated industry - construction. in her final year of a building surveying and the environment degree at Plymouth University, Madeleine has recently won the South West Women ...'
p2
aS'Silver Bear Provides Mangazeisky Silver Project and Management Update Marketwired  - Feb 1, 2017 1, 2017) - Silver Bear Resources Inc.   provides an update on the Mangazeisky Silver Project  and announces certain agreements in principle with its major shareholders, A.B. Aterra Resources Ltd ...'
p3
aS"Britain's men's eight row to Olympic gold glory as women take silver The Guardian - Aug 13, 2016 The sun was shining, the grandstands were full, and Jrgen Grbler was surprisingly sentimental. In 2013, having achieved everything he could have hoped for in his 24-year career with Britain, the coach set himself the target of bringing home double ..."
p4
aS"Young mum Jill Pirrie killed during Edinburgh police pursuit Edinburgh Evening News - May 13, 2016 Four people, all believed to be young teenage boys, have been detained by police following the death of Jill Pirrie, 33, who was run down when a silver Ford Ka mounted the pavement on Old Dalkeith Road. The boy suspected of driving the car is believed ...Three detained after 'loving mother' killed by car in police chase - Daily Mail"
p5
aS'Quarterly Digital Intelligence Briefing: The Pursuit of Data-Driven Maturity Econsultancy  - Apr 13, 2016 The Pursuit of Data-Driven Maturity report, based on a survey conducted by Econsultancy and Adobe, examines the extent to which organizations are investing time, expertise and budgets to make data-driven marketing a reality.'
p6
aS"'Brutal but effective': why Team GB has won so many Olympic medals The Guardian - Aug 15, 2016 In Rio, Team GB has secured six medals - four gold and two silver - and smashed two world records, with both the women's and men's team pursuit taking gold. .... Severe cuts to local authority budgets are also squeezing resources at the grassroots level."
p7
aS'Sovereign debt: Curing defaults Financial Times - Jun 7, 2016 One of the reasons there has been little litigation is that most countries simply elect to pay off any holdouts - but crucially this depends on their number being limited. Even if few creditors have the legal nous, resources and sheer stubbornness of ...'
p8
aS'UPDATE 9.30pm: Severe delays on motorway after police car overturns while ... The Bolton News - Oct 3, 2016 THE M61 is closed southbound after a serious accident in which a police car has overturned. The police car - an X5 SUV - had been involved in the pursuit of a silver Vauxhall Vectra on the M61 southbound near to Rivington Services. The Vauxhall Vectra&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"FT Investigation: How China bought its way into Cambodia Financial Times - Sep 8, 2016 Mr Fu's story shows how private Chinese companies, backed by Beijing's diplomatic resources and the unrivalled muscle of its state-run banks, are spearheading a commercial engagement that helps form the foundation for China's political and strategic ..."
p10
a.