(lp0
S"Simon Property Group's Dividend Says 'Buy Me' Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 SPG has a solid history of FFO and dividend growth. At its current market price, SPG is a good buy for its $7 dividend. Simon Property Group  is a buy with its $7 dividend and history of dividend and FFO growth. Is SPG a good investment partner?Today's Brokerage Rating: Simon Property Group, Inc. , Allergan plc  - StockNewsJournalSimon Property Group Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 10 - Equities.com"
p1
aS'Simon Property Group Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 But making Simon Property Group, Inc. an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of SPG entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $169.50 per share.'
p2
aS'Today Analysts Focus on Simon Property Group, Inc. , Juniper Networks ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Simon Property Group Inc Price Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low - CML NewsSimon Property Group, Inc.  Technical Analysis: Support and Resistance on ... - USA Commerce Daily'
p3
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Simon Property Group, Boston Properties ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Simon Property Group, Inc. , Boston Properties, Inc. , Host Hotels &amp; Resorts, Inc.  and Public Storage .'
p4
aS'SIMON PROPERTY GROUP,INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Feb 15, 2017 Simon Property Group, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust . The Company owns, develops and manages retail real estate properties, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets and The Mills.Simon Property Group Study Highlights Sustainability Benefits of Brick-and ... - reit.comWhy to Keeping Eye on Charter Communications, Inc. , Simon Property ... - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS"A Keen Look At The Chart For Simon Property Group, Inc.  NY Stock News - 17 hours ago Simon Property Group, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS'The Technical Charts For Simon Property Group, Inc.  Say It All Today NY Stock News - Mar 13, 2017 The technicals for Simon Property Group, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p7
aS"Option Market: Simon Property Group Inc Risk Hits A Rock Bottom Low CML News - Mar 7, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Simon Property Group Inc&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Struggling malls turn to grocers Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 That's changing though, with mall landlords looking to fill space left by Macy's, J.C. Penney, Sears, and the like. While investment in retail-property assets fell 19% last year, investment in grocery-anchored shopping centers and single-asset grocery ..."
p9
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Colgate-Palmolive Company , Simon ... The USA Commerce - Mar 10, 2017 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company  surged 0.29% to $73.37. During the trading on 03/09/2017, Company's stock ranged from $73.11 to $73.65. The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought  and oversold  areas&nbsp;...Analyst Research and Recommendations: Colgate-Palmolive Company , Simon ... - TWN2 Stocks Grabbing Analyst Attention: Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL ... - The Voice Registrar"
p10
a.