(lp0
S"Analyst: Stage Stores is 'behind the times' Houston Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 Analysts aren't convinced that Stage Stores Inc.'s recent &quot;jump-start plan&quot; goes far enough to combat online sales trends that have battered the Houston retail giant, and others, in recent years."
p1
aS"Stage Stores: The Struggle Continues Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 In February, I wrote an article on Stage Stores  discouraging investors from taking a position in the company. My argument was that the company had so many challenges that it wasn't worth its generous 24% dividend yield.Houston retail company rolls out 'jump-start plan' in response to headwinds - Houston Business JournalStage Stores, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p2
aS"You Can't Short Stage Stores Anymore... Right? Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 I've been arguing for a short of Stage Stores  loudly and often for a year now - but even I never thought SSI would get to $2 this fast.Stage Stores' stock plunges toward record low after disappointing results, outlook - MarketWatchHma Acquisition, Inc. is Buying Stage Stores Inc.  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive "
p3
aS'Stage Stores: The 24% Yield Trap Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 A 24.49% dividend yield for a company trading near its all-time low sounds like a good idea for long-term and contrarian investors searching for bargains.Stage Stores, Inc.  Rating Increased to Neutral at Northcoast Research - BNB Daily '
p4
aS"Stage Stores: There Is No Turnaround Coming Seeking Alpha - Jan 3, 2017 Stage Stores  has been an unmitigated disaster for the past couple of years. The apparel retailing business has been tough but it hasn't been as tough as SSI has made it look to be sure, and that has the stock languishing at just four bucks&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Stage Stores, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 24, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Stage Stores, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 24, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.15 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.Recent Price Move of Shares: Stage Stores, Inc.  - Is storiesBurning Stock on the move: Stage Stores Inc.  - HugoPress'
p6
aS'Common Share Dividend Yield of Stage Stores, Inc.  Energy Index - 8 hours ago The dividend growth rate of Stage Stores calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 12.96% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.9.News Recap: Stage Stores, Inc.  , EverBank Financial Corp.  - NYSE Journal '
p7
aS"Stage Stores: The Story Remains The Same Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 Stage Stores'  Q3 report seemed like deja vu all over again. The stock gained into the release, as it has multiple times over the past two years."
p8
aS'Stage Stores Inc Realized Volatility Hits An Unsually High Level CML News - 12 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Stage Stores Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20-day and ...'
p9
aS"Investors Checklist Stock: Stage Stores, Inc.  Is stories - 1 hour ago Stage Stores, Inc.'s  witnessed a gain of 2.82% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 2.19. The company's last traded volume of 0.75 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 1.33 million shares."
p10
a.