(lp0
S'Why Silver Spring Networks, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 What happened. Shares of Silver Spring Networks Inc.  were down 14.3% as of 11:30 a.m. Wednesday after the smart-grid products specialist announced strong fourth-quarter 2016 results, but followed with underwhelming guidance.Silver Spring Networks to Present at the JMP Securities 2017 Technology ... - Yahoo FinanceSilver Spring Networks Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire '
p1
aS'CORRECTING and REPLACING Silver Spring Networks to Present at the 29th Annual ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 11, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , a leading networking platform and solutions provider for the Internet of Important Things, today announced that Ken Gianella, Chief Financial Officer, will present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference on March 13, 2017.Stock Returns: RealPage Inc  is Beating Silver Spring Networks Inc ... - CML NewsSilver Spring Networks, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p2
aS'Silver Spring Networks Inc  Rating Lowered to Hold at Williams Financial ... Chaffey Breeze - 20 hours ago Silver Spring Networks logo Silver Spring Networks Inc  was downgraded by analysts at Williams Financial Group from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Monday.Silver Spring Networks Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Williams Capital - BNB Daily The Silver Spring Networks Inc  Lowered to Hold at Williams Capital - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS"What Investors Need to Know About Silver Spring Networks, Inc.'s Q3 Earnings Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2015 Earlier in November, Silver Spring Networks  released earnings for the third quarter. Bringing networking solutions to cities and power grids around the world, the company is using the Internet of Things to transform aging infrastructures ..."
p4
aS'Silver Spring Networks to Present at the 29 Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif.----Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , a leading networking platform and solutions provider for the Internet of Important Things, today announced that Ken Gianella, Chief Financial Officer, will present at the ...Silver Spring Networks Inc Price Volatility Hits An Amplified Level - CML News108434 Shares in Silver Spring Networks Inc  Acquired by Marshall Wace LLP - BNB Daily '
p5
aS'Silver Spring Networks Will Leverage From The Growth Of IoT And Smart Cities Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2016 Silver Spring Networks Inc.  is an energy efficiency company providing networking platform and solutions that enable utilities to transform the traditional power grid infrastructure into a smart grid.'
p6
aS'Silver Spring Networks Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 Equities.com - Mar 13, 2017 Silver Spring Networks Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 13, as the stock lost 2.16% to close at $10.89. On the day, Silver Spring Networks Inc. saw 833,152 shares trade hands on 4,942 trades. Considering that the stock averages only ...Silver Spring Networks Inc  Lowered to Hold at Williams Capital - Chaffey BreezeTechnical Roundup On Two Stocks  Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , Sonic ... - Post Analyst'
p7
aS"Silver Spring Networks Announces Smart Grid Deployment with AEP Ohio Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  today announced its selection for an innovative networking deployment for the second phase of AEP Ohio's smart grid program."
p8
aS'Recent M&amp;A, Backlog Strength Encouraging Signs For Silver Spring Networks Benzinga - Oct 7, 2016 Oppenheimer has lifted the price target on Silver Spring Networks Inc  shares from $15 to $17 based on valuation supported by recent M&amp;A and strength in backlog.'
p9
aS'CESC Expands Silver Spring Networks IoT Platform to Kota and Bharatpur, India Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  today announced the expansion of its program with CESC Limited for two franchisees in Kota and Bharatpur, India.'
p10
a.