(lp0
S"Carson Block Takes on St. Jude Medical Claiming Hack Risk Bloomberg - Aug 25, 2016 Carson Block, the renowned short-seller and founder of research firm Muddy Waters LLC, has taken a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., denouncing the security of its cardiac devices in an effort that could derail the company's purchase by Abbott&nbsp;...Credit Suisse Assesses Risk At St. Jude Medical - Benzinga"
p1
aS'Why St. Jude Medical Inc. Stock Popped 38.1% in April Motley Fool - May 5, 2016 What: Shares of St. Jude Medical Inc , a company focused on the development, manufacture and distribution of cardiovascular medical devices popped 38.1% in April, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Abbott deal for St. Jude Medical continues consolidation trend - Mass DeviceAbbott Laboratories: St. Jude Medical Deal Makes Sense, But Looks Pricey - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS"Why St. Jude Medical, Inc. Acquired a Higher Price Today Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2016 So what: The deal calls for Abbott to pay St. Jude Medical's shareholders $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 shares of Abbott for each share of St. Jude Medical. That values St. Jude Medical's shares at a hair under $85 based on yesterday's closing price, and ...Abbott to Buy St. Jude Medical in Deal Valued at About $25 Billion - Bloomberg"
p3
aS'Global Prosthetic Heart Valve Market Forecast study By Future Market Insights ... Medgadget  - Oct 20, 2016 Top market players featured in the global prosthetic heart valve market report are Edwards Lifesciences Corporation, St. Jude Medical, Inc., Medtronic plc, Boston Scientific Corporation, Abbott Laboratories, SYMETIS, LivaNova PLC, CryoLife, Inc ...'
p4
aS'Hired experts back claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked Reuters - Oct 24, 2016 Short-selling firm Muddy Waters said in a legal filing on Monday that outside experts it hired validated its claims that St. Jude Medical Inc cardiac implants are vulnerable to potentially life-threatening cyber attacks. U.S. regulators responded by ...Muddy Waters Fights St. Jude Lawsuit Over Pacemaker Reports - Bloomberg'
p5
aS'Two deaths spark recall of St. Jude heart devices Reuters - Oct 11, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc STJ.N on Tuesday said it would recall some of its 400,000 implanted heart devices due to risk of premature battery depletion, a condition linked to two deaths in Europe.St. Jude Medical Warns of Battery Problems With Heart Products - Wall Street JournalSt. Jude Warns Defibrillator Patients About Battery Risks - Bloomberg'
p6
aS'St. Jude Medical Files Lawsuit Against Muddy Waters Bloomberg - Sep 7, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. filed a lawsuit against short-seller Muddy Waters, MedSec and related companies as well as three executives at the firms.St. Jude Medical Sues Short Seller Over Device Allegations - Wall Street Journal'
p7
aS"Short seller Muddy Waters renews claims of St. Jude Medical cyber vulnerabilities MarketWatch - Oct 19, 2016 Short seller Muddy Waters Capital, which holds a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., claimed Wednesday for the second time that the medical device maker's implantable cardiac devices are vulnerable to cyberattack.Abbott, St. Jude Medical Plans to Sell $1.1 Billion in Assets After Deal Closes - Wall Street JournalNew cybersecurity allegations emerge as St. Jude Medical reports mixed ... - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p8
aS"Abbott Labs closes its acquisition of St. Jude Medical Minneapolis Star Tribune - Jan 4, 2017 Abbott Laboratories released no new details Wednesday about integration timelines and personnel changes in Minnesota as it completed its long-planned acquisition of Little Canada-based medical device company St. Jude Medical. The cash-and-stock&nbsp;...Abbott  Completes Acquisition of St. Jude Medical  - StreetInsider.comBlog Coverage Abbott and St. Jude Medical Merger Gets OK from US and China's ... - Yahoo Finance"
p9
aS"St. Jude hits back at short-seller's cyberattack claims  Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Aug 29, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. is defending itself against charges by a research firm that its devices are vulnerable to hackers, calling the report &quot;false and misleading.St. Jude Medical, Inc. : Still Non-Secure  Muddy Waters - ValueWalkSt. Jude Medical Continues to Refute Allegations made by Muddy Waters Capital ... - Business Wire "
p10
a.