(lp0
S'Regional bank Sterling Bancorp to buy Astoria for $2.2 billion Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 Sterling Bancorp  said it would buy Astoria Financial Corp  in an all-stock deal valued at about $2.2 billion to create the sixth largest regional bank in the New York City area by deposits.'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Summit ... CML News - 19 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Park Sterling Corporation  versus Summit Financial Group Inc  .'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Sterling Bancorp  is Beating Yadkin Financial ... CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sterling Bancorp  versus Yadkin Financial Corporation  .'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Sterling Bancorp  is Beating Webster Financial ... CML News - Mar 9, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sterling Bancorp  versus Webster Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this ...'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating MBT ... CML News - Mar 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MBT Financial Corp.  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nimble Storage, MeetMe, Astoria Financial, Sterling ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 [nL3N1GK3NA] ** ASTORIA FINANCIAL CORP &lt;AF.N&gt;, Monday close $18.48, +10.39 pct premarket ** STERLING BANCORP &lt;STL.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nimble Storage, MeetMe, Astoria Financial, Sterling Bancorp - Times of India'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating State Bank ... CML News - Feb 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Park Sterling Corporation  versus State Bank Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Premier ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Premier Financial Bancorp Inc  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Bankwell Financial Group Inc  versus Park Sterling ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bankwell Financial Group Inc  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Insider Trading Activity Park Sterling Corporation   Director ... - Market ExclusivePark Sterling Corp  Coverage Initiated at Brean Capital - Community Financial News'
p9
aS"Analysts' Recommendations Trending Stocks: Astoria Financial Corp (NYSE:AF ... Daily News Journal - Mar 13, 2017 On Friday, Shares of Astoria Financial Corp  lost -0.66% to $21.18. The share price is trading in a range of $21.03 - 21.66.Financial stocks for your portfolio: Astoria Financial Corporation , The ... - The Independent Republic"
p10
a.