(lp0
S'3 Big Stock Charts for Tuesday: Seagate Technology PLC , American ... Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Uncertainty over the next few days, including the Federal Open Market Committee meeting outcome, has traders pulling back on their positions.'
p1
aS"Seagate Technology PLC 9.3% Potential Upside Now Implied by Barclays DirectorsTalk Interviews - Feb 1, 2017 Seagate Technology PLC using SYMBOL/TICKER code NASDAQ:STX has had its stock rating noted as 'Downgrade' with the recommendation being set at 'EQUAL WEIGHT' yesterday by analysts at Barclays.2 Key Takeaways From Seagate Technology's Latest Report - Motley FoolEarnings Forecast Research on Seagate Technology PLC  - Highland Mirror"
p2
aS"Seagate Technology PLC  Stock Earnings Preview: Flat Is Good Enough Nasdaq - Jan 24, 2017 So what investors will be looking for in the Q2 report is whether Seagate Technology can stabilize sales and whether there's more room to improve earnings.Seagate Technology plc Earnings: A Classic Beat-and-Raise Performance - Motley FoolSeagate forecasts third-quarter revenue above estimates - Reuters"
p3
aS"Why Seagate Technology plc Gained 18% in January Nasdaq - Feb 9, 2017 Seagate started the month on a low note, shutting down a factory in China and cutting 2,000 jobs associated with that facility.Stock on Trader's Radar: Seagate Technology plc  - TopChronicleSeagate Technology PLC  Receives $43.15 Consensus PT from Analysts - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS'Lookout for Price Target? HCP, Inc. , Seagate Technology plc  StockNewsJournal - Mar 7, 2017 Seagate Technology plc , at its latest closing price of $48.51, it has a price-to-book ratio of 9.49, compared to an industry average at 2.81.Seagate Technology PLC  Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. - Chaffey BreezeStree Opinion on Seagate Technology PLC  - Highland Mirror'
p5
aS"YieldBoost Seagate Technology To 11.8% Using Options Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Shareholders of Seagate Technology plc  looking to boost their income beyond the stock's 5.3% annualized dividend yield can sell the January 2018 covered call at the $55 strike and collect the premium based on the $2.79 bid, which&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Why Seagate Technology PLC  Stock Stands Out Investorplace.com - Feb 21, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Seagate Technology PLC . This is because this security in the Computer - Storage Devices space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company ...Insider Activity of Seagate Technology plc  - FactsReporterSeagate Technology PLC  Position Reduced by Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS"Research Reports on Data Storage Devices Equities -- Seagate Technology ... PR Newswire  - 21 hours ago Stock-Callers.com draws investors' attention to four equities in the Data Storage Devices industry: Seagate Technology PLC , Brocade Communications Systems Inc. , Western Digital Corp. , and Dataram&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Analyst Review on: Seagate Technology plc  TRA - Mar 14, 2017 Seagate Technology plc  has its dividend  of 2.52 while its Dividend Yield  is 5.3%. A dividend is a distribution of a portion of a company's earnings decided by its BOD  specifically for its shareholders.Blue-chip stocks of the day: Seagate Technology plc  - The News JournalBrown Advisory Inc. Sells 7 Shares of Seagate Technology PLC  - BNB Daily "
p9
aS'Traders Review: Seagate Technology plc  TopChronicle - Feb 28, 2017 Seagate Technology plc has 1 year price target of $45.56. The stock gained a consensus recommendation of 2.59 on Zacks Investment Research where the scale runs from 1 to 5, 1 representing Strong buy and 5 showing Strong Sell.Dividend Growth Analysis of Seagate Technology PLC  - Energy IndexCompany Shares of Seagate Technology PLC  Rally 1.29% - Highland Mirror'
p10
a.