(lp0
S'Suffolk Bancorp Stats 27east.com - Feb 21, 2017 Suffolk Bancorp Inc., parent company of Suffolk County National Bank, recently released results for the fourth quarter of 2016 and the full year, showing a net income of $21.5 million, a 20.3-percent increase over 2015.Insider Trading Activity Suffolk Bancorp   Director Sold 10000 ... - Market ExclusiveJohn D. Stark, Jr. Sells 4000 Shares of Suffolk Bancorp  Stock - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS"Suffolk Bancorp shareholders green-light merger with People's United Financial RiverheadLOCAL - Oct 15, 2016 Suffolk Bancorp shareholders this week overwhelmingly approved the merger of Suffolk and People's United Financial Inc. The proposed merger was approved Thursday by a vote of more than 80 percent of the shares eligible to vote - and more than 97&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Suffolk Bancorp  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 06, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 3, 2017 Suffolk Bancorp  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 06, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.1 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 22, 2017.'
p3
aS"People's United Bank  to Acquire Suffolk Bancorp  in $402M Deal StreetInsider.com - Jun 27, 2016 People's United Financial, Inc. , the holding company for People's United Bank, N.A., announced today a definitive agreement pursuant to which People's United Financial will acquire Suffolk Bancorp , of Riverhead, NY, the&nbsp;...People's United to buy Suffolk Bancorp for $402 million - NewsdaySuffolk Bancorp  to be Acquired by People's United Bank - Small Cap Exclusive "
p4
aS"People's United officials say they hope to close on Suffolk Bancorp deal this ... SoutholdLOCAL - Jan 30, 2017 While People's United Financial and Suffolk Bancorp await regulatory approval of the proposed acquisition of the Riverhead bank by People's United, the two companies continue to work on combining their operations, People's United president and CEP Jack&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Suffolk County National Bank Announces Layoffs Due To Pending Merger ... 27east.com - Nov 9, 2016 On Tuesday, Howard C. Bluver, the CEO and president of Suffolk BanCorp, the parent company of Suffolk County National Bank, confirmed that layoffs eventually will happen at the branch level, though he does not expect offices located in Southampton and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Suffolk County National Bank laying off 76, filing shows Newsday - Nov 1, 2016 The reason for the layoffs is that Suffolk Bancorp, the bank's Riverhead-based holding company, is being acquired by Connecticut-based People's United Financial Inc., according to a WARN notice posted on the state Department of Labor's website."
p7
aS"Shareholder lawsuit seeks to halt Suffolk County National Bank merger SoutholdLOCAL - Aug 15, 2016 A Suffolk Bancorp shareholder has filed a federal lawsuit seeking to block the company's merger with People's United Financial Inc. In a complaint filed Aug. 4 in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, shareholder Paul Parshall claims that Suffolk Bancorp&nbsp;...People's United Bank faces opposition in proposed acquisition of New York bank - CT Post"
p8
aS"Shareholder suit seeks to block Suffolk Bancorp deal Newsday - Aug 9, 2016 Riverhead-based Suffolk Bancorp improperly favored People's United Financial Inc. over other suitors when it agreed to be acquired by the Bridgeport, Connecticut-based company, the plaintiff, Paul Parshall, charged in the lawsuit, filed Thursday in ..."
p9
aS"People's Bank closing in on Suffolk County National Bank Newsday - Feb 7, 2017 People's Bank, of Bridgeport, Connecticut, is one step closer to buying Suffolk County National Bank. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency has approved the acquisition, according to Suffolk County National Bank, which also released its fourth ...Merger of Suffolk County National Bank with People's United is approved by ... - RiverheadLOCAL"
p10
a.