(lp0
S'Sun Communities, Inc. to Present at the 2017 Citi Global Property CEO Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Southfield, Michigan, March 6, 2017 - Sun Communities, Inc.  , a real estate investment trust  that owns and operates or has an interest in manufactured housing and recreational vehicle communities, today announced that Gary A.'
p1
aS'SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.  ANNOUNCES DISTRIBUTION INCREASE Yahoo Finance - Feb 15, 2017 Southfield, MI, February 15, 2017 - Sun Communities, Inc.  , a real estate investment trust  that owns, operates or has an interest in manufactured housing and recreational vehicle communities, today announced that its Board ...Stock Returns: Sun Communities Inc  is Beating EdR  - CML News'
p2
aS'Sun Communities, Inc. Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Southfield, Michigan, February 23, 2017 - Sun Communities, Inc.  , a real estate investment trust  that owns and operates, or has an interest in, manufactured housing  and recreational vehicle  communities, today&nbsp;...Sun Communities Inc. Q4 Income Rises 41% - NasdaqSun Communities Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 23 - Equities.com'
p3
aS"Carefree Communities Inc. To Be Acquired By Sun Communities, Inc. PR Newswire  - Mar 22, 2016 SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., March 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- We are pleased to announce that Sun Communities, Inc.   has entered into an agreement to acquire Carefree Communities Inc.  from Centerbridge Capital&nbsp;...Sun Communities to pay $1.68 billion for Carefree Communities portfolio - Crain's Detroit Business"
p4
aS'SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 Sun Communities, Inc.  is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust . The Company operates in two segments: Real Property Operations, and Home Sales and Rentals.Sun Communities, Inc.  Shares Bought by State Board of Administration of ... - Chaffey BreezeSun Communities Inc  Downgraded to Hold at Evercore ISI - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS"BRIEF-Sun Communities Inc announces distribution increase Reuters UK - Feb 15, 2017 Feb 15 A former Los Angeles investment banker was sentenced to more than 11 years in prison by a federal judge on Wednesday for his role in a stock manipulation scheme, resolving one of two criminal cases facing the man once dubbed &quot;Porn's New King."
p6
aS'SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 Sun Communities, Inc.  is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust . The Company operates in two segments: Real Property Operations, and Home Sales and Rentals.The Sun Communities Inc  Director Clunet R. Lewis Sells 2000 Shares - DailyQuintSun Communities, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p7
aS'Sun Communities Inc  Downgraded by TheStreet Chaffey Breeze - 22 hours ago Sun Communities logo Sun Communities Inc  was downgraded by equities research analysts at TheStreet from a b- rating to a c+ rating in a research report issued on Friday.Sun Communities Inc  Cut to C+ at TheStreet - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS'Fast Growing Stock in Focus: Sun Communities, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 12 hours ago Sun Communities, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.'
p9
aS'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sun Communities Inc  to Hold Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 According to Zacks, Sun Communities, Inc. owns, operates &amp; finances manufactured housing communities concentrated in the midwestern &amp; southeastern US.The Sun Communities Inc  Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial ... - Petro Global News 24Zacks Investment Research upgraded Sun Communities Inc  to Hold in a ... - Breaking Finance News'
p10
a.