(lp0
S'Federal Judge Deals Swift Transportation Legal Setback Wall Street Journal - Jan 12, 2017 A federal judge in Arizona has ruled that Swift Transportation Co. improperly treated some of its drivers as contractors rather than employees, a legal setback that opens the biggest U.S.'
p1
aS"Swift Transportation CEO Jerry Moyes to Retire at Year's End Wall Street Journal - Sep 8, 2016 Swift Transportation Co. Chief Executive Jerry Moyes, who over 50 years built one of the largest U.S. trucking companies, will retire at the end of the year, the company said Thursday."
p2
aS'Swift Transportation Co  Short Interest Down 4.0% in February Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Swift Transportation logo Swift Transportation Co  was the target of a significant decline in short interest in February.Swift Transportation Company Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... - Equities.comPerformance of Swift Transportation Company  Compared to Index - Highland Mirror'
p3
aS'Swift Transportation Company Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 14, 2017 Swift Transportation Company Class A  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 14, as the stock lost 5.44% to close at $22.41.Traders Secrets on Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc , Swift Transportation Co ... - StockNewsJournalSwift Transportation Company  1 Year Price Target is set at $27.5 - TopChronicle'
p4
aS"Swift Transportation celebrates 50th anniversary azcentral.com - Sep 16, 2016 A celebration of Swift Transportation Co.'s 50th year in business Thursday turned into a celebration of company founder Jerry Moyes, who announced last week he is retiring at year's end."
p5
aS"Swift Transportation Revenue Declines Again Amid Market Downturn Wall Street Journal - Jan 26, 2017 Swift Transportation Co.'s revenue fell in the most recent quarter, the seventh straight decline, as a freight market downturn continues to take a toll on the trucking company, driving down profit and revenue for the year."
p6
aS"Swift Transportation  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 25, 2016 So with that out of the way, I'd like to recognize the members of Swift's management team on the line today. We have Richard Stocking, our President and Co-Chief Executive Officer; and Ginnie Henkels, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial ..."
p7
aS"Founder and CEO of Swift Transportation Company Announces Retirement Business Wire  - Sep 8, 2016 PHOENIX----Swift Transportation Company , a leader in transportation solutions and one of the nation's largest truckload providers, today announced the retirement of Founder and CEO Jerry Moyes, effective as of December&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Swift Stock Pledged in a Settlement With the NHL Wall Street Journal - May 3, 2016 Swift Transportation Co. Chief Executive Jerry Moyes, months after he and his company's board said they would scale back his practice of pledging stock as collateral for personal debts, gave shares to his children that were then used to help settle a ..."
p9
aS"Swift Transportation CEO Restructures Family Debts Wall Street Journal - May 24, 2016 Swift Transportation Co. Chief Executive Jerry Moyes has restructured family financial obligations to reduce his exposure if the trucking company's share price falls."
p10
a.