(lp0
S'Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Welcome to Sunoco Logistics Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session.What Analysts are Predicting For Sunoco Logistics Partners LP , Sally ... - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS'A Close Look At Energy Transfer Partners Ahead Of The Merger With Sunoco Logistics Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 The merger between Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.  and Sunoco Logistics Partners, L.P.  is expected to close by mid-April.Two Materials Stocks Are Just So Hot Right Now: Energy Transfer Partners, LP ... - The Independent RepublicEnergy Transfer Partners LP  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - 16 hours ago Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report published on Tuesday morning.Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Sunoco Logistics Partners LP , Express ... - The USA CommerceThe Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS'3 Things Investors Need to Know About the Energy Transfer Partners LP/Sunoco ... Motley Fool - Nov 23, 2016 Earlier this week, Sunoco Logistics Partners  announced that it had agreed to acquire Energy Transfer Partners  in a $21 billion unit-for-unit deal. However, unlike most pipeline transactions, this merger is more than just about ...Sunoco Logistics Partners  to Acquire Energy Transfer Partners, LP (ETP ... - StreetInsider.comSunoco Logistics to merge with parent company - Philly.com'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Rice Midstream Partners LP  is Beating Sunoco ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Rice Midstream Partners LP  versus Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Sunoco Logistics Partners LP: Sunoco Logistics Announces Record Results and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 22, 2017 NEWTOWN SQUARE, PA - February 22, 2017 - Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.   today announced net income attributable to partners for the year ended December 31, 2016 of $705 million ,&nbsp;...Traders Secrets on Sunoco Logistics Partners LP , Dick's Sporting Goods ... - StockNewsJournalSell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Sunoco Logistics Partners LP , Patterson ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'Mariner East 2 pipeline work begins after Environmental Hearing Board judge ... Philly.com - Feb 17, 2017 Sunoco Logistics Partners LP said Friday afternoon that it had begun building the contested Mariner East 2 pipeline, after a Pennsylvania Environmental Hearing Board judge earlier in the day rejected a request to block key state permits allowing its&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - Mar 10, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS'Energy Transfer and Sunoco Logistics Complete Previously Announced Project ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 15, 2017 ETP also owns the general partner, 100% of the incentive distribution rights, and approximately 67.1 million common units of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. , which operates a geographically diverse portfolio of pipelines, terminalling and ...Energy Transfer Partners LP: Energy Transfer and Sunoco Logistics Complete ... - The Wall Street TranscriptMPLX LP announces joint-venture investment in Bakken Pipeline system - Satellite PR News '
p9
aS"What Analysts are Predicting For Sunoco Logistics Partners LP (SXL ... The USA Commerce - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  surged 0.23% to $25.78. During the trading on 03/06/2017, Company's stock ranged from $25.43 to $25.80.Rating Change on Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  - Energy IndexSunoco Logistics Partners LP's  stock price is Worth at $25.78: Analysts ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p10
a.