(lp0
S'SYKES Enterprises, Incorporated Issues Notice of Release of Fourth-Quarter and ... Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 TAMPA, Fla., Feb. 27, 2017  -- Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  , a global business process outsourcing  leader in providing comprehensive inbound customer engagement services to&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated Completes Acquisition of Tech-Enabled Demand ... Marketwired  - Apr 1, 2016 TAMPA, FL-- - Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  , a global business process outsourcing  leader in providing comprehensive inbound customer engagement services to Global&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Indicators in Focus on Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  Davidson Register - 17 hours ago Separating the winners from the losers is a constant challenge for investors. Many focused investors may look to track stock momentum based on historical prices.'
p3
aS'Sykes Enterprises Incorporated  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 09 Equities.com - Mar 9, 2017 Sykes Enterprises Incorporated  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 09, as the stock gained 1.42% to close at $27.87.Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeComerica Bank Has $2492000 Position in Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Levels in Review on Shares of Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  Rives Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 6. Piotroski's F-Score uses nine tests based on company financial statements."
p5
aS'Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  Annual Sales Estimates At $429.436 Equities Focus - 12 hours ago Preceding week EPS projection was $0.4 and a month ago was $0.4. Two-months ago anticipated EPS was $0.4 though 90-days afore, it was $0.4.Market Focus: Zooming in on Shares of Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (NASDAQ ... - Baldwin JournalThe Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  Shares Bought by Tudor Investment ... - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share ... Sports Perspectives - Mar 4, 2017 Sykes Enterprises, logo Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  - Investment analysts at SunTrust Banks issued their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for Sykes Enterprises, in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  Registers a Net Consolidated EPS ... - Equities Focus'
p7
aS'Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  Stake Increased by State Board of ... Sports Perspectives - Mar 13, 2017 Sykes Enterprises, logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its stake in Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  by 6.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and ...Price Target Review on Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  - Rockville Register'
p8
aS"Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment ... BNB Daily  - Mar 8, 2017 According to Zacks, Sykes Enterprises, Inc. is a leader in providing vertically integrated technology-based solutions through an integrated strategy combining its information technology services with an emerging e-commerce platform.Renaissance Technologies LLC Cuts Stake in Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  - Sports PerspectivesCraig Hallum Weighs in on Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated's Q1 2017 Earnings ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p9
aS"Convergys Corporation versus Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated Head to Head Compare CML News - Sep 5, 2016 These companies have the same star rating so the head-to-head compare will rely on a deep dive into specific metric comparisons. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p10
a.