(lp0
S'Taubman Centers  Down 6.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Taubman Centers, Inc. TCO . Shares have lost about 6.5% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Taubman Centers, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold from ... - BNB Daily Taubman Centers, Inc.  to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.84 Per Share ... - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS"Activist Investor Targets Mall Operator Taubman Centers Wall Street Journal  - Mar 2, 2017 Activist investor Jonathan Litt's hedge fund on Thursday escalated its battle with the management of mall operator Taubman Centers Inc., putting forth two candidates for election to the board at the firm's annual meeting later this year. Land ...Taubman Centers boosts dividend by 5% - MarketWatchTaubman Centers  Increases Quarterly Dividend by 5% - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Taubman Centers, Inc. Issues Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 9, 2017 We're pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016, which were in line with our expectations, said Robert S. Taubman, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Taubman Centers. In addition to solid results, this year ...Mystery REIT Shopper: Taubman Centers - Seeking AlphaWhat analysts think about Taubman Centers Inc's  growth? - Simply Wall St"
p3
aS"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Calls on Taubman Centers to Tighten Up or Explore Sale Wall Street Journal - Oct 18, 2016 A prominent real-estate investor is calling on Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators, to tighten its belt or explore selling itself.Activist Litt Said to Ask Taubman to Consider Sale, WSJ Says - BloombergLand &amp; Buildings Sends Open Letter to Taubman Centers ; Calls for ... - StreetInsider.com"
p4
aS"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Says Family's Stake in Taubman Centers May Violate ... Wall Street Journal - Dec 13, 2016 Activist investor Jonathan Litt is looking to break the controlling power of the Taubman family in Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators.Activist: The &quot;Achilles Heel&quot; of Taubman family's control over Taubman Centers - Seeking AlphaLand and Buildings Issues Letter on the Achilles Heel of the Taubman Family's ... - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Taubman Centers management team to present at the Citi 2017 Global Property ... EPR Retail News  - Feb 28, 2017 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich., 2017-Mar-01 - /EPR Retail News/ - Taubman Centers, Inc.  today  announced that Robert S. Taubman, chairman, president and chief executive officer, and Simon J. Leopold, chief financial officer, will&nbsp;...Taubman Centers to Present at the Citi 2017 Global Property CEO Conference - Yahoo Finance'
p6
aS"Land And Buildings Letter To Taubman Centers Seeking Alpha - Jan 24, 2017 Since our initial engagement with the Company last year, we have been deeply disappointed with the lack of response you, as independent directors, as well as management, have undertaken to unlock the Company's substantial trapped value."
p7
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Colony Starwood Homes , Taubman ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Taubman Centers, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 3.37, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p8
aS'Taubman Centers Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 09 Equities.com - Mar 9, 2017 Taubman Centers Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 09, as the stock lost 0.74% to close at $65.66. On the day, Taubman Centers Inc. saw 1.19 million shares trade hands on 10,441 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Taubman Centers, Inc.  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by Brokerages - Chaffey BreezeStock Returns: Saul Centers Inc  is Beating Taubman Centers Inc ... - CML News'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: National Retail Properties Inc  versus Taubman ... CML News - 19 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for National Retail Properties Inc  versus Taubman Centers Inc  .'
p10
a.