(lp0
S"Target Corporation  Stock Will Keep Sinking Without This Change Investorplace.com - 17 hours ago Value investors are likely taking a serious look at Target stock at today's levels. After all, it trades at less than 14 times the midpoint of 2017's earnings guidance.Earnings Clues on Target Corporation , General Motors Company (GM ... - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS"Target In The Garden Portfolio Seeking Alpha - 42 minutes ago As I've written about, most recently in Tending the Dividend Garden - January Update, I like to group my stocks into several categories that I relate to crops from my garden."
p2
aS"Target Corporation: Searching For The One-Foot Bar Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 While I personally don't shop at Target Corporation  all that often, I can't say the same thing for my wife.Target Corporation  Stock Is Even Worse Than Q4 Earnings Suggest - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  Morgan Stanley Lowers Its Price Target On Target ... - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS'Target Is Uninvestable Right Now Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Lo and behold, the timing for that article could not have been worse, as Target released its full 2016 earnings less than a week later.'
p4
aS"Target Puts The Bullseye On Wal-Mart Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 CEO Brian Cornell announced investing into lower prices for Target to better compete with Walmart. Walmart's stock has risen since Q4 earnings and Target's has dropped off. The newly-proposed strategic transformation of Target's business model carries&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Wal-Mart Vs. Target: Which Is The Better Investment? Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Is Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  a better investment than Target Corporation ? Would long WMT/short TGT be a good pairs trade?What Happened To Target's E-Commerce Business? - BenzingaWal-Mart Stores Inc  Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So - Investorplace.com"
p6
aS'Target Corporation  Stock: Spiking On Activist Investor Rumors CNA Finance  - Mar 13, 2017 Target Corporation is having an interesting day in the market today. At the open, the stock was trading slightly in the green.How has Target Corporation: performed recently? - The Daily Leicester'
p7
aS'Target Is Unlikely To Rebound Any Time Soon Seeking Alpha - Mar 5, 2017 Target completely disappointed investors, yet a lot of the bad news was already priced into the stock. The stock is cheap, yet unlikely to recover this year.'
p8
aS'Target Corporation Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 The board of directors of Target Corporation  has declared a quarterly dividend of 60 cents per common share. The dividend is payable June 10, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business May 17, 2017.Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Target Corporation (TGT ... - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS'Better Dividend Aristocrat Buy: Target Or Wal-Mart? Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Wal-Mart and Target are working hard to catch up in e-commerce, while continuing to reward shareholders with steady dividend raises.'
p10
a.