(lp0
S'Tiffany &amp; Co.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 16, 2017 Nasdaq - 21 hours ago Tiffany &amp; Co.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 16, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.45 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 10, 2017.'
p1
aS'Jefferies Reiterates Buy Rating and $102 PT on Tiffany &amp; Co. ; Positive ... StreetInsider.com - 23 hours ago Jefferies analyst Randal Konik reiterates Buy rating and $102 price target on Tiffany &amp; Co. , suggesting a positive outlook for 2017, as the company moves forward with new product, people and process.2017 Should Sparkle for Tiffany &amp; Co.  With New Product, People &amp; Processes - Smrt Stck NwsThe Top Three Holders Of Tiffany &amp; Co.  - Post Analyst'
p2
aS'Tiffany &amp; Co. to report quarterly numbers Nasdaq - Mar 11, 2017 Upscale retailer Tiffany &amp; Co.  has been a top performer since last summer, with the stock currently trading just shy of its 52-week high.Market Mover: Tiffany &amp; Co.  - TRAPrice-to-Earnings-Growth Ratio Of Tiffany &amp; Co.  At 3.18 - Equities Focus'
p3
aS"Tiffany &amp; Co. Collab With Whitney Biennial Artists 'Shines a Light on the Next ... WWD - Mar 10, 2017 Reed Krakoff is enjoying his new gig as artistic director of Tiffany &amp; Co. It's an even more incredible brand than I knew, said Krakoff, who was named to the position in January.Cocktails at Tiffany's: Celebrating the 2017 Whitney Biennial Artists ... - Vogue.com"
p4
aS"Julianne Moore &amp; Husband Bart Freundlich Couple Up at Tiffany &amp; Co. Event in NYC Just Jared - 7 hours ago Julianne Moore holds hands with husband Bart Freundlich as they arrive at the 2017 Whitney Biennial presented by Tiffany &amp; Co. on Wednesday night  at the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City. The 56-year-old actress looked chic&nbsp;...From Artist's Hand to Shop's Counter: The Whitney Teams Up With Tiffany - New York Times"
p5
aS"Your First Proper Look At Lady Gaga As The Face Of Tiffany &amp; Co. Harper's BAZAAR Australia - Mar 14, 2017 Lady Gaga is having a major moment in both fashion and music this year. The pop sensation has not only be hailed as the best Super Bowl performer in history, she was also announced as the new face of Tiffany &amp; Co. for its latest Legendary Style campaign."
p6
aS"A Sneak Peek at the 2017 Whitney Biennial ... In the Windows of Tiffany &amp; Co.? W Magazine - Mar 9, 2017 They finally narrowed that list down to just 63 after meeting with hundreds last year; and now down to just five for a preview of sorts in the windows of Tiffany &amp; Co., the biennial's sponsor, unveiled today at its flagship on Fifth Avenue. As it turns ...See a New Tiffany &amp; Co. Pendant in Collaboration With the Whitney Biennial - New York Magazine"
p7
aS"Tiffany &amp; Co. Adds Three Members To Its Board In Agreement With JANA Forbes - Feb 21, 2017 Tiffany &amp; Co. will increase its board of directors from 10 to 13 members in an agreement with JANA Partners LLC. The most familiar name within the jewelry trade is Francesco Trapani, the former CEO of the Italian jewelry house, Bulgari.Tiffany &amp; Co.  Names Three New Directors in Cooperation with JANA Partners - StreetInsider.comWhy People Are Talking About Tiffany &amp; Co.'s New Directors - JCK "
p8
aS'Tiffany &amp; Co.  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio Energy Index - 12 hours ago The dividend growth rate of Tiffany &amp; Co. calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 8.89% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.95.'
p9
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Tiffany &amp; Co. , Duke Energy Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business."
p10
a.