(lp0
S"Titus power plant Luminant in suit over tax appraisals Longview News-Journal - Aug 8, 2016 In the Panhandle, Valero Energy Corp. sued Moore County five years in a row to avoid paying its full property tax bill for a refinery it bought in 2003.Luminant objects to Titus County Appraisal District's valuation of Monticello ... - Southeast Texas Record"
p1
aS'Impact of US Clean Power Plan unclear Reading Eagle - Aug 20, 2015 The major players in the energy and environmental sectors have been slowly making their way through the more than 1,500-page plan.'
p2
aS"Inside solar's secret society Environment & Energy Publishing - Sep 6, 2016 Others in small-scale solar are Titus Brenninkmeijer, an heir to a German clothing fortune who backs clean energy projects, and Richard Hansen, an engineer who focuses on rural Latin America."
p3
aS"Powering Down The Texas Observer - Jul 25, 2016 Earlier that month, Titus County's biggest taxpayer, Luminant Corp., had dropped a fiscal bomb on the district, where 84 percent of students are considered economically disadvantaged and 68 percent are Hispanic: It claimed its aging Monticello coal ..."
p4
aS"Democrats Dig In Against Yucca Mountain, Nevada Republicans Tread Carefully Morning Consult - Jul 7, 2016 Democrats complained Thursday about a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing about creating a proposed nuclear waste facility at Nevada's Yucca Mountain, saying it was a waste of time to discuss a proposal that has little local support and ..."
p5
aS"Western Pa.'s coal site 'monstrosities' re-envisioned Tribune-Review - Aug 21, 2016 NRG Energy's Elrama Power Plant and FirstEnergy Corp. ... power plant owners, the department has identified 10 former coal-fired power plant sites as prime candidates - including Elrama, Mitchell, the Cromby Generating Station that Exelon closed in ..."
p6
aS"Dem mocks Trump's 'short fingers' on House floor The Hill  - May 24, 2016 Titus concluded her remarks by taking aim at a sore topic for Trump. We say to Mr. Trump: Keep your short fingers out of the Nevada housing market, she said."
p7
aS"Fixing the Peoples' pipes: Tearing up Chicago, Milwaukee style Chicago Business Journal - Oct 21, 2016 The pipeline project also benefits Wisconsin contractors - including Michels Corp. of Brownsville and KS Energy Services of New Berlin - and Milwaukee-based law firm Quarles &amp; Brady LLP, which represents Peoples Gas."
p8
aS"AFL Round 22: Titus O'Reily a highly unhelpful guide Herald Sun - Aug 17, 2016 AFL Round 22: Titus O'Reily a highly unhelpful guide. Titus O'Reily, Herald ... And what does Titus's mate's talk about Miranda Kerr and Collingwood have in common? ... If North Melbourne do have a best we haven't seen it for some time, says Titus ..."
p9
aS"Singer-backed gay rights group makes lobbying push Politico - Apr 12, 2016 He will focus on representing businesses that depend on access to national security information, especially in the defense/intelligence and mining/energy sectors. - Monument Strategies ... Dina Titus' office, Meredith Mull of PricewaterhouseCoopers ..."
p10
a.