(lp0
S'Thermo Fisher Scientific Announces First-Ever Cloud-Based Application for ... Business Wire  - 22 hours ago Offering a library of pre-programmed protocols for the E1-ClipTip pipettes and Thermo Fisher Scientific reagent kits, the My Pipette Creator application allows users to save time, enhance consistency and minimize programming errors to help achieve ...'
p1
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio Energy Index - 16 hours ago The dividend growth rate of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 2.22% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.38.Is It Time to go for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , Becton, Dickinson ... - StockNewsJournalThermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  VP Sells $1579743.66 in Stock - BNB Daily '
p2
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.15 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2017.Thermo Fisher Scientific to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare ... - Business Wire Thermo Fisher Scientific Showcases Integrated Analytical Workflows During ... - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Introduces the QuantStudio 5 Real-Time PCR System for ... Business Wire  - 22 hours ago BUSINESS WIRE)--Forensic scientists who want to modernize their laboratories now have access to the Applied Biosystems QuantStudio 5 Real-Time PCR System for Human Identification.'
p4
aS'Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry Workflow Photonics.com - Mar 13, 2017 WALTHAM, Mass., March 13, 2017 - Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. has announced a fully integrated liquid chromatography mass spectrometry workflow designed to offer accurate and consistent analysis of challenging and complex sample matrices for&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Elects New Director to Board Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 We are delighted to welcome Dion to our board, said Jim Manzi, chairman of the board of Thermo Fisher Scientific. He brings many years of experience in international business and digital technology strategies.Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Humana Inc. , Thermo Fisher ... - StockNewsJournalThermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  Stake Decreased by Frontier Wealth ... - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS"Thermo Fisher Scientific Completes Acquisition of Finesse Solutions, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 14, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , the world leader in serving science, today completed its previously announced acquisition of Finesse Solutions, Inc., a leader in the development of scalable control automation systems and software for bioproduction.Medical Laboratories Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Thermo Fisher Scientific ... - PR Newswire "
p7
aS"Patent Royalties Curbed as Supreme Court Backs Thermo Fisher Bloomberg - Feb 22, 2017 The U.S. Supreme Court put new limits on patent royalties, ruling that Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.'s Life Technologies unit doesn't owe damages for supplying one component of a patented invention that was put together overseas.Thermo Fisher did not infringe genetic-testing patent, US top court says - Reuters"
p8
aS'Thermo Reports Fourth Quarter Results Labmate Online - Mar 10, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. has reported its financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016.'
p9
aS'Stock Update: Estimates &amp; Target in Focus for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago Analysts and investors will be looking forward to the next earnings release from Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  which is scheduled to be on or around 2017-04-27 for the period ending 2017-03-31.'
p10
a.