(lp0
S'Tempur Sealy Amends Rights Plan to Add Qualified Offer Exemption Provision PR Newswire  - 21 hours ago LEXINGTON, Ky., March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  today announced that its Board of Directors has amended and restated its previously adopted Rights Plan to add a qualified offer stockholder exemption&nbsp;...Mattress company Tempur-Sealy amends stockholder rights plan - MarketWatchGuggenheim Initiates Coverage On Tempur Sealy International Inc to Neutral - Energy Index'
p1
aS'TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc. is a bedding provider. The Company develops, manufactures, markets and distributes bedding products.Stock Price of Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  Increases 3.46% - Energy IndexLookout for Price Target? QEP Resources, Inc. , Tempur Sealy ... - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS"Tempur-Pedic Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Debut of Limited-Edition TEMPUR ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 The architect of that vision was Robert &quot;Bobby&quot; Trussell, Tempur-Pedic company founder and first CEO. Now a member of the Board of Directors for Tempur Sealy International, Trussell's way of thinking has been a guiding force every step of the way.Tempur Sealy to refresh Sealy brand; launches Tempur-Pedic anniversary mattress - Cabinet MakerTrusted Sealy Mattress Brand Gets Strongest Refresh in 130-Year History - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Tempur Sealy International, Inc., 37.5% Follow ... Nasdaq - Feb 16, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p4
aS'TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Feb 16, 2017 It operates in two segments: North America, which consists of Tempur and Sealy manufacturing and distribution subsidiaries, joint ventures and licensees located in the United States and Canada, and International, which consists of Tempur and Sealy&nbsp;...Moving Average Crossover Alert: Tempur Sealy International  - Yahoo FinanceTempur Sealy Increases Share Repurchase Program By $200 Million - PR Newswire '
p5
aS'Why Tempur Sealy International Inc Shares Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 Mattress Firm parent Steinhoff International Holdings, which bought the retailer a few months ago, said it wanted to make significant changes to its contract with Tempur Sealy, including economic concessions. After the two sides failed to come to an ...Tempur Sealy: Not Down Nearly Enough - Seeking AlphaTempur Sealy scraps contracts with biggest customer Mattress Firm - Reuters'
p6
aS"Stearns &amp; Foster Celebrates Record Year for Sales and Previews Plans to Go Big ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 &quot;For a brand that was established in 1846, it's gratifying to see that after 170 years we are still the industry leader in comfort, quality and craftsmanship,&quot; said Scott Thompson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tempur Sealy ..."
p7
aS"Investor Hub: Checking on the Numbers for Tempur Sealy International, Inc ... Rives Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Market watchers might be keeping an eye on Tempur Sealy International, Inc. 's Piotroski F-Score. The F-Score was created to help spot company stocks that have solid fundamentals, and to filter out weaker companies.Levels in View on Shares of Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  - Davidson Register"
p8
aS'What Makes Tempur Sealy International  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Tempur Sealy International, Inc. TPX, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the ...Is It Time to go for Aramark , Tempur Sealy International, Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS'Today Analysts Focus on The Macerich Company , Tempur Sealy International ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 8, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $44.85, it has a price-to-book ratio of -, compared to an industry average at 1.01.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Tempur Sealy International, Inc. (TPX ... - The USA CommerceTempur Sealy International, Inc.  loses confidence of 43 hedge fund managers - Post Analyst'
p10
a.