(lp0
S'ZF completes $12.4 billion acquisition of TRW Automotive News - May 15, 2015 German auto supplier ZF Friedrichshafen AG said today that it has completed its $12.4 billion acquisition of safety systems supplier TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. TRW will operate as a division under ZF called active and passive safety technology.'
p1
aS"ZF weighs more deals, asset sales following TRW acquisition Automotive News - Jun 2, 2016 FRANKFURT -- ZF Friedrichshafen AG is considering more acquisitions as well as selling assets after catapulting into the ranks of the world's biggest car-parts manufacturers via last year's $12.9 billion takeover of TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. ZF is ..."
p2
aS"ZF-TRW combination could spark more supplier deals Automotive News - Jul 11, 2014 FRANKFURT/BERLIN  -- German supplier ZF Friedrichshafen's takeover offer for rival TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. looks unlikely to draw rival bids for the U.S. company, but could trigger further deals down the line, bankers and analysts said&nbsp;...TRW Said to Get Takeover Approach From ZF Friedrichshafen - BloombergAuto supplier ZF in talks to acquire TRW - Plastics News"
p3
aS'ZF in $11.7 Billion Takeover to Build No. 2 in Car Parts Bloomberg - Sep 15, 2014 ZF Friedrichshafen AG agreed to buy TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. for $11.7 billion, creating a company big enough to push back against pricing pressure from the largest automakers.Bosch benefits as new ZF-TRW combo enters driverless car fray - Automotive NewsZF acquires TRW Automotive, sells steering system business - Tyrepress.com'
p4
aS"ZF TRW signs office lease for global electronics business Automotive News - Jan 27, 2016 ZF TRW plans to open its global electronics headquarters in suburban Detroit by the end of the second quarter following a lease of a 171,000-square-foot office building.ZF TRW leases Arboretum Office Park building for global electronics business - Crain's Detroit Business"
p5
aS'BRIAN LOH Automotive News   - Dec 19, 2016 Chosen because: Since ZF acquired TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. in 2015 for $12.9 billion and took a 40 percent stake in lidar producer Ibeo Automotive Systems GmbH, the supplier has become a self-driving technology powerhouse.'
p6
aS"ZF Wins US Approval for TRW Purchase With Divestitures Bloomberg - May 5, 2015 ZF Friedrichshafen AG won approval from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to buy TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. on the condition it sells TRW's linkage and suspension business in North America and Europe.UPDATE 1-US allows merger of ZF Friedrichshafen, TRW with divestitures - ReutersTRW says Q1 revenue up 7%, profits rise - Automotive News  "
p7
aS"ZF CEO tells TRW staffers that jobs are safe Automotive News  - Jan 12, 2015 DETROIT -- The $12.4 billion acquisition of TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. by Germany's ZF Friedrichshafen AG has many in metro Detroit afraid."
p8
aS"ZF TRW sells fasteners unit for $450 million Crain's Detroit Business - Jan 25, 2016 CHICAGO - Illinois Tool Works said Monday that it agreed to pay $450 million for the engineered fasteners and components business of German automotive supplier ZF TRW. The deal is expected to close by the end of June. &quot;We are fortunate to be selling&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"FTC Approves Sale, ZF-TRW Merger Moves Ahead Transport Topics Online - Sep 1, 2015 The Federal Trade Commission approved an application from ZF Friedrichshafen AG and TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. to sell TRW's North American and European linkage and suspension business for heavy and light vehicles to the Tokyo-based global&nbsp;..."
p10
a.