(lp0
S'Tesla Inc  in Need of More Capital Again ValueWalk - 10 hours ago Tesla in Need of More Capital Again By Sean Emory Founder/CIO Avory &amp; Co. *We have no position in Tesla. We are back with another capital raise from Tesla Inc . This time Tesla is looking to raise $1.15 billion through equity and&nbsp;...Tesla Inc  Stock: How Model Y Report Changed the Game - Investorplace.comTesla Motors Inc.  Is Climbing On Note And Stock Offerings - RTT News'
p1
aS"Here's Why Tesla Inc. Shares Surged 5% On Tuesday ETF Daily News  - 23 hours ago From Zacks: Shares of Tesla Inc  gained more than 4.8% in afternoon trading Tuesday after a speculative report from a British car publication fueled rumors that the electric vehicle manufacturer is set to launch a new compact SUV.Tesla to raise about $1.15 billion in stock, notes; Musk to buy shares - ReutersTesla Inc  to Debut Tesla Model Y in 2018 - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS"Wednesday's Vital Data: Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc , Tesla Inc ... Investorplace.com - 20 hours ago Wednesday's Vital Data: Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc , Tesla Inc (TSLA What's more, there is a veritable flood of economic data on tap today, with the consumer price index, retail sales, the Empire State index as well as home builders and ...Why Valeant, Tesla, Citrix Systems, Ruby Tuesday, and Stellar Biotechnologies ... - Insider Monkey "
p3
aS'Tesla Inc Stock Price Target Bumped Up: Will It Reach Breakeven By Q4? ValueWalk - Mar 14, 2017 In a research note dated March 14, analyst Rod Lache said he bumped up his price target for Tesla stock from $215 to $220 per share and maintained his Hold rating on it.'
p4
aS"Tesla, Inc: Likely to Raise Capital Soon Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Going into 2017, Tesla CEO Elon Musk had already hinted that the company could raise capital ahead of Model 3. In the company's third-quarter earnings call, Musk said the Model 3 didn't look like it would &quot;require&quot; a capital raise, but the CEO was also&nbsp;...Tesla Inc. Earnings: Sales Soar, and Model 3 Is Coming - Madison.comTesla Inc posts narrower quarterly loss but says Model 3 sedan still on track ... - Financial Post"
p5
aS"Why Tesla, Inc. Stock Is Down Today Motley Fool - Feb 27, 2017 While Tesla's cash position improved by about $300 million to $3.4 billion in the fourth quarter, Tesla expects to invest between $2 billion and $2.5 billion in capital spending in the first half of 2017, dwarfing its $1.3 billion in capital ...Stanphyl Still Short Tesla Inc.  Has Questions About Executive Departures - ValueWalkPlay Tesla Inc  Stock Before It Swings Back North - Investorplace.com"
p6
aS"4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 While Tesla's  fourth-quarter earnings release a few weeks ago included a handful of nuggets for investors, including the company's current financial situation and management's guidance for vehicle sales and capital spending in the first ..."
p7
aS"Make No Mistake: Tesla Inc Looks To Be Winding Down SolarCity's Ambitious Plans Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 When Tesla Inc  bought SolarCity for $2.6 billion late in 2016, a lot of people  called the deal a bailout of Elon Musk's high-profile solar company."
p8
aS"Tesla, Inc. Sales in China More Than Tripled in 2016 Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 As Tesla  prepared to begin deliveries in China in 2014, management was particularly bullish on the market. Indeed, Tesla's former China operations chief Veronica Wu estimated sales in the country would quickly grow to represent a third of&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Tesla, Inc. Earnings: What to Watch Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Ahead of Tesla's  fourth-quarter earnings release next week, the pressure is on. Tesla stock is up more than 50% in the past three months as investors begin to give more weight to Tesla's highly anticipated Model 3, which is slated to ..."
p10
a.