(lp0
S"TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant's ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated designs, manufactures and sells marine and heavy duty off-highway power transmission equipment.The Brokers Offer Predictions for Twin Disc, Incorporated's Q3 2017 Earnings ... - DailyQuintZacks: Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Twin Disc, Incorporated  - Community Financial News"
p1
aS"Twin Disc, Incorporated's  CEO John Batten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 On behalf of the management of Twin Disc, we're extremely pleased that you have taken the time to participate in our call.Twin Disc, Incorporated  Posts Quarterly Earnings Results - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Commercial Vehicle Group Inc  versus Twin Disc ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Commercial Vehicle Group Inc  versus Twin Disc, Incorporated  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Twin Disc, Incorporated  - Fiscal StandardTwin Disc, Incorporated  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p3
aS'Twin Disc  Looks Good: Stock Adds 5.2% in Session Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated TWIN was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise above 5% on the day. The move came on solid volume with far more shares changing hands than in a normal session.Twin Disc, Incorporated  EPS Projection At $0.29 - RealistInvestor.comBrokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Twin Disc, Incorporated  - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Option Market: Twin Disc, Incorporated Risk Hits An Amplified Level CML News - Mar 10, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Twin Disc, Incorporated&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Twin Disc, Incorporated  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research BNB Daily  - Feb 18, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Saturday.Twin Disc, Incorporated  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS"Option Market: Twin Disc, Incorporated Risk Hits An Inflection Point CML News - Feb 23, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Twin Disc, Incorporated&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Twin Disc, Incorporated  is Beating Miller ... CML News - Feb 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Miller Industries Inc  versus Twin Disc, Incorporated  .Twin Disc, Incorporated  Raised to Buy at Seaport Global Securities - Chaffey BreezeTwin Disc Incorporated  is Upgraded by Seaport Global Securities to  Buy - Highland Mirror'
p8
aS'Twin Disc, Incorporated Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - Feb 3, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Twin Disc, Incorporated  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF.'
p9
aS'Twin Disc  Looks Good: Stock Adds 5.2% in Session February 27, 2017 Zacks.com - Feb 27, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated  was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise above 5% on the day.'
p10
a.