(lp0
S"AT&amp;T's $85.4 billion deal for Time Warner wins EU thumbs-up Reuters - 20 hours ago AT&amp;T Inc has won approval from the European Commission for its planned $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc, the No.AT&amp;T's US$85.4bil deal for Time Warner wins EU thumbs-up - The Star Online"
p1
aS'Looneyflix? Time Warner streams toons, Harry Potter may follow Colorado Springs Gazette - Mar 12, 2017 Time Warner Inc. is introducing an online-subscription video service with beloved Warner Bros. cartoon characters like Bugs Bunny and Fred Flintstone.A New Stream! Time Warner Inc. Launches Boomerang Streaming Service - stupidDOPE.com '
p2
aS'Time Warner shareholders vote to sell company to AT&amp;T for $85.4 billion Los Angeles Times - Feb 15, 2017 Time Warner Inc. shareholders were in a marrying mood Wednesday, voting to sell the entertainment company to telecommunications giant AT&amp;T for $85.4-billion.Special meeting on Time Warner-AT&amp;T merger - Seeking AlphaTime Warner shareholders approve AT&amp;T merger - Proactive Investors USA & Canada'
p3
aS"Time Warner launching Boomerang children's streaming service Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 The service, linking the company's Warner Bros. and Turner units, will cost $4.99/month , be available on iOS/Android and the Web at first, and feature classic animation from the company's library, including exclusive franchises in ..."
p4
aS'Better Buy: The Walt Disney Company vs. Time Warner Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 As two of the largest media companies in the world, The Walt Disney Company  and Time Warner  compete on a number of fronts, most notably cable broadcasting and motion pictures.'
p5
aS"No AT&amp;T-Time Warner merger review expected: US regulator's chairman Reuters - Feb 27, 2017 Last Thursday, Time Warner said it plans to sell a broadcast station in Atlanta to Meredith Corp for $70 million, which could help speed the company's planned merger with AT&amp;T. Pai declined to say on Thursday if he would use that transfer to try to ...AT&amp;T-Time Warner merger likely won't go through FCC approval, chairman says - MarketWatchFCC Chairman Says Doesn't Expect Agency to Review AT&amp;T-Time Warner - Fox Business"
p6
aS"Technicals in Focus for Time Warner Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Time Warner Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS"UBS Calls It: The Time Warner, AT&amp;T Deal Will Happen Benzinga - Mar 6, 2017 Time Warner Inc  and AT&amp;T Inc.  are expected to gain regulatory approval and finalize their merger by the end of the year - but that doesn't necessarily bode well for Time Warner investors.Time Warner shares downgraded at UBS on concern of limited upside from AT&amp;T deal - MarketWatchTime Warner Inc.  Shares Sold by Vulcan Value Partners LLC - Chaffey Breeze"
p8
aS"Earnings Clues on Time Warner Inc. , Exelon Corporation  Analyst's ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business."
p9
aS"Time Warner to sell TV station as it seeks AT&amp;T merger OK Reuters - Feb 23, 2017 WASHINGTON Time Warner Inc  said on Thursday it plans to sell a broadcast station in Atlanta to Meredith Corp  for $70 million, which could help speed the company's planned merger with AT&amp;T Inc (T.Time Warner to Sell TV Station Amid AT&amp;T Merger - Wall Street Journal Time Warner Eyes Atlanta Station Sale Ahead Of AT&amp;T Deal - Law360 "
p10
a.