(lp0
S"Under Armour Inc  Stock Investors Should Bet on the Bears to Win Investorplace.com - 21 hours ago With March Madness underway in more than one way for Under Armour Inc , it might be tempting to take a long-shot bet on UAA stock.Crucial Factors To Consider Before Trading Under Armour - Seeking AlphaUnder Armour's  Sell Rating Reiterated at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'US Sports Wars: Nike Inc  vs. Under Armour Inc  Investorplace.com - 17 hours ago Nike Inc  and Under Armour Inc  are the two largest U.S.-based athletic footwear and apparel companies. Both Nike and Under Armour sponsor some of the most recognizable names in American sports, but one of the companies has struggled&nbsp;...Under Armour Plays Catch Up - Investopedia'
p2
aS"The Big Reason Under Armour Inc  Stock Isn't Worth Keeping Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 Momentum stocks are great  until the wheels fall off the bus. For athletic apparel maker Under Armour Inc , the wheels fell off the bus in a dramatic way.Why Under Armour Inc  Stock Is Finally A Good Buy - BNL Finance   Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Teradyne, Inc. , Under Armour, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p3
aS"Under Armour Inc. Is Running out of Room to Grow... What's Next? Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 Between 2015 and 2016, Under Armour's gross margin fell from 48.1% to 46.5%. That decline was attributed to its higher dependence on lower-margin footwear, excess inventory from the Sports Authority bankruptcy, and tough currency headwinds.Investors Should Put Under Armour Inc  Stock in the Penalty Box - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS'Drilling Down Into Under Armour, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Under Armour, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Textile - Apparel Clothing.'
p5
aS"Why Under Armour, Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2017 The ground is shifting below Under Armour's   cleat-studded feet. An awesome streak of market-thumping sales and profit growth was interrupted when shareholders in the past year witnessed both a significant downgrade of the&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'What Lies Ahead for Under Armour Inc After Its Disappointing Earnings Report Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 In this Market Foolery segment, Mac Greer welcomes Andy Cross and Matt Argersinger to the show to talk about what went wrong last quarter for Under Armour   as a tepid holiday season plagued the brick-and-mortar retailers that&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Under Armour Announces Clay Dean as Chief Innovation Officer PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 BALTIMORE, March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today Under Armour  announced that Clay Dean has joined the Company as Chief Innovation Officer.Market Movers Snapshot  Under Armour Inc , Impax Laboratories Inc ... - Wall Street Times Traders Recap: Under Armour, Inc.  , World Holdings, Inc.  - NYSE Journal '
p8
aS'Just the Facts on Under Armour, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Under Armour, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Textile - Apparel Clothing.'
p9
aS'Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reiterates Reduce Rating for Under Armour Inc  BNB Daily  - 2 hours ago Under Armour Inc logo Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated their reduce rating on shares of Under Armour Inc  in a report issued on Friday morning.The Under Armour Inc  Rating Reiterated by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - Petro Global News 24Zacks Investment Research upgraded Under Armour Inc  to Hold in a ... - Breaking Finance News'
p10
a.