(lp0
S'Stock in Focus: United American Healthcare Corp.  Baldwin Journal - 18 hours ago United American Healthcare Corp.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 12564. The EV helps show how the market assigns value to a company as a whole.'
p1
aS'Medical providers oppose Trump-backed health plan, Democrats take aim Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 The legislation aims to repeal and replace the Obamacare law, which Republicans call a government overreach that has ruined healthcare in the United States. Trump and fellow Republicans in Congress campaigned last year on a promise to dismantle the&nbsp;...Q&amp;A: The facts on the Republican health care bill - USA TODAYGOP health care plan clears first hurdle, debate continues in committee - CNN'
p2
aS'WONG: GOP health care plan fails to measure up to promises University of Virginia The Cavalier Daily - 5 hours ago These losses would in effect nearly double the amount of uninsured Americans. The overall United States population is projected to rise from 340 to 371 million by 2026; under the AHCA, at least 14 percent of Americans would lack healthcare coverage,&nbsp;...14 million Americans could lose insurance under new Republican healthcare plan - The Straits TimesHow Would Trumpcare Affect Mental Health Care? - Psychology Today '
p3
aS"Health Care Is Complex - No, Really Huffington Post - 6 hours ago Of late, Dr. Noseworthy and his team have been trying to put Mayo's 150 years of experience into the service of analyzing and diagnosing America's health care landscape. When asked in late 2013 about the impacts of the controversial Affordable Care Act&nbsp;...Healthcare Will Never be Affordable Without Action on Prices - Niskanen Center  Activists Push For Single-Payer Health Care As Republicans Dismantle Obamacare - Mintpress News "
p4
aS"Chapter leaders storm Capitol Hill with 'united voice for children' AAP News - Mar 14, 2017 For example, the Academy posted the tweet on the right after sending a letter to leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives opposing the American Health Care Act. The bill, which would repeal much of the Affordable Care Act and make significant ..."
p5
aS'Indian-American Seema Verma Sworn-in As Top US Healthcare Agency Head News18 - 3 hours ago Verma is the second Indian-American to be inducted into the Trump administration. US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley was the first cabinet rank official from the community to serve in any presidential administration.Seema Verma to head top US health care agency - The Shillong Times'
p6
aS'&quot;The Big Short&quot; Director Breaks Down Citizens United and Obamacare ATTN - 5 hours ago The &quot;Got Your Attention&quot; crew also tackles the latest Congressional Budget Office report on healthcare. On Wednesday, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.'
p7
aS'Analysis: Americans use far more opioids than anyone else in the world Pocono Record - 19 hours ago And what it finds about the United States is jaw-dropping: Even when the list is restricted to the top 25 heaviest consuming countries, the United States outpaces them all in opioid use. For example, Americans are prescribed about six times as many ...'
p8
aS'Global health innovations can be game-changers at home, too STAT - Mar 14, 2017 ... the challenge of making health care affordable: High costs impede access to health care in poor countries, and rich countries worry that their skyrocketing health care costs are unsustainable - in the United States, health spending is projected to ...'
p9
aS"IN MY VIEW: In support of strong health care for all Green Valley News - 17 hours ago Sally Ayres's March 1 opinion piece on health care in the United States was a welcome change from all the unthinking diatribes we read and hear on the subject ."
p10
a.