(lp0
S'Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Reports First Quarter Operating Results for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. , a real estate investment trust, today reported its operating results for the quarter ended January 31, 2017.Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 10 - Equities.comOption Trading: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc  Powerful Short Put ... - CML News'
p1
aS'Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Announces the Sale of Its Westchester Pavilion ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  , a real estate investment trust, announced today that it has completed the sale of its Westchester Pavilion Property located in White Plains, NY .The Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  Given $23.67 Consensus Target Price ... - DailyQuint'
p2
aS'Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 Equities.com - Mar 13, 2017 Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 13, as the stock lost 1.66% to close at $20.15.URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... - Market ExclusiveUrstadt Biddle Properties Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'Want to invest in Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc  today? Read this before Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc  is a stock well positioned for future growth, but many investors are wondering whether its last closing price of $21.95 is based on unrealistic expectations.Today Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  Receives Average Recommendation of ... - DailyQuint'
p4
aS'Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on March 13 ... Equities.com - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.'
p5
aS'Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to ... Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc logo Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday.Common Share Dividend Yield of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  - Energy IndexStock Returns: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc  is Beating CBL ... - CML News'
p6
aS'Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Announces New Hire Business Wire  - Feb 11, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.  a real estate investment trust, today announced that it has hired Patrick Gillespi to the position of Sr.'
p7
aS'Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Announces Retirement of Thomas D. Myers, Chief ... Business Wire  - Feb 4, 2016 GREENWICH, Conn.----Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.   announced that on January 29, 2016, Thomas D. Myers, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Urstadt Biddle&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Announces Acquisition of The Harrison Shopping ... Business Wire  - Aug 5, 2015 Willing Biddle, President of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. said, We are very pleased that we continue to acquire grocery-anchored shopping centers in the metro-NY market in a challenging acquisitions environment.'
p9
aS'Hey Diddle, Diddle, I Own Urstadt Biddle Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2015 Should I cash in my chips? After all, Urstadt Biddle has returned 12.75% in just around 60 days. Or should I keep my playing the game, collecting dividends along the way.'
p10
a.