(lp0
S"Form DEFA14A UNITED BANCSHARES INC/OH StreetInsider.com - Mar 13, 2017 United Bancshares, Inc.'s Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on April 26, 2017 at 100 South High St., Columbus Grove, OH, 45830, at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. Proposals to be voted on at the meeting are listed below along with the Board&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Banks' mergers in West Virginia look solid Parkersburg News - Oct 2, 2016 Michael Fleak, Community President of Huntington Bank, said the Parkersburg area and nearby Ohio geography is a solid banking market for Huntington."
p2
aS"Research Reports on Savings &amp; Loans Equities -- New York Community Bancorp ... PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com scans the performances of these four stocks: New York Community Bancorp Inc. , People's United Financial Inc. , Northwest Bancshares Inc. , and Washington Federal Inc ..."
p3
aS'Civista Bancshares Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 8, 2017 It operates primarily in Ohio. Civista Bancshares, Inc., formerly known as First Citizens Banc Corp, is based in SANDUSKY, United States.  A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on CIVB. Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods raised Civista&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Civista Bancshares, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - Mar 6, 2017 It operates primarily in Ohio. Civista Bancshares, Inc., formerly known as First Citizens Banc Corp, is based in SANDUSKY, United States.  A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods raised shares of ...'
p5
aS'The Civista Bancshares Inc  Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment ... DailyQuint - Mar 7, 2017 It operates primarily in Ohio. Civista Bancshares, Inc., formerly known as First Citizens Banc Corp, is based in SANDUSKY, United States.  CIVB has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods raised shares of ...'
p6
aS"AutoNation, Inc.  Stake Raised by Comerica Bank BNB Daily  - 39 minutes ago Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 19,520 shares of the company's stock worth $917,000 after buying an additional 131 shares during the period."
p7
aS'Intellectual property theft costs billions Fort Wayne Journal Gazette - Feb 28, 2017 The theft of trade secrets alone costs the United States between $180 billion and $540 billion annually. The findings echo those of the Office of the ... First Defiance Financial Corp. of Defiance, Ohio, announced Monday it has completed the ...'
p8
aS'The Civista Bancshares, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks ... DailyQuint - Mar 2, 2017 It operates primarily in Ohio. Civista Bancshares, Inc., formerly known as First Citizens Banc Corp, is based in SANDUSKY, United States.  CIVB has been the topic of several other reports. Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods raised Civista Bancshares from a ...'
p9
aS"The Finish Line Inc  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - 19 hours ago According to Zacks, The Finish Line, Inc. together with its wholly owned subsidiary Spike's Holding, Inc. is one of the largest mall based specialty retailers of brand name athletic, outdoor and casual footwear, activewear and accessories in the ...Mizuho Lowers Finish Line Inc  to Neutral - Community Financial News"
p10
a.