(lp0
S'Insider Trading Activity United Community Financial Corp (NASDAQ:UCFC ... Market Exclusive - 15 hours ago On 5/17/2013 Timothy Esson, CFO, sold 1,752 with an average share price of $3.74 per share and the total transaction amounting to $6,552.48.'
p1
aS'United Community Financial Corp  Director Richard J. Schiraldi Acquires ... Chaffey Breeze - 16 hours ago United Community Financial Corp logo United Community Financial Corp  Director Richard J. Schiraldi purchased 5,000 shares of United Community Financial Corp stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were acquired at&nbsp;...United Community Financial Corp.  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness - CML NewsRichard Schiraldi an Insider in United Community Financial , Invested in ... - Wolcott Daily'
p2
aS'United Community Financial Corp.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 United Community Financial Corp.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.03 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 22, 2017.'
p3
aS'United Community Financial Corp. to Expand Akron and Canton Ohio Presence with ... Business Wire  - Sep 8, 2016 YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio----United Community Financial Corp.  , a $2.1 billion financial services institution headquartered in Youngstown, Ohio, parent of The Home Savings and Loan&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: United Community Financial Corp.  is Beating PHH ... CML News - Feb 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for PHH Corporation  versus United Community Financial Corp.  .'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: United Community Financial Corp.  is Beating ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Kearny Financial Corp.  versus United Community Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy United Community ... - The De Soto EdgeLSV Asset Management Holds Stake in United Community Financial Corp.  - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'United Community Financial Corp.  Stock Technicals at Critical ... CML News - Jul 19, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for United Community Financial Corp.  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Charter Financial Corporation  versus United ... CML News - Mar 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Charter Financial Corporation  versus United Community Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.United Community Financial Corp  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Jude J ... - Energy IndexBrokerages Set United Community Financial Corp.  Target Price at $12.50 - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: United Community Financial Corp.  is Beating ... CML News - Feb 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Northwest Bancshares Inc  versus United Community Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Provident Bancorp Inc  versus United Community ... CML News - Feb 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Provident Bancorp Inc  versus United Community Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.