(lp0
S'Universal Forest Products expands into hardwood with Indiana firm purchase woodworkingnetwork.com - Mar 14, 2017 Universal Forest Products Inc. has announced that one of its affiliates has closed on the purchase of certain assets of Quality Hardwood Sales, LLC, a Nappanee, Ind.The Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Universal Forest Products, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24Universal Forest Products, Inc.  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Universal Forest Products Buys Some Quality Hardwood Assets Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Universal Forest Products, Inc. UFPI recently declared that one of its associates has closed the buyout of certain assets of Nappanee, IN-based hardwood products company, Quality Hardwood Sales, LLC .Universal Forest Products  Acquire Assets of Quality Hardwood Sales ... - StreetInsider.comInsider Trading Activity Universal Forest Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFPI ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'UPDATE: Universal Forest Products  to Acquire idX Corp in $68M Deal ... StreetInsider.com - Sep 1, 2016 Universal Forest Products, Inc.  announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to purchase idX Corp.Universal Forest Products to acquire store fixtures maker in $68 million deal - MiBizUFPI to buy idX Corp., leading international provider of custom merchandising ... - GlobeNewswire '
p3
aS'Should You Hold on to Universal Forest  Stock Now? Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 On Mar 9, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Universal Forest Products, Inc.UFPI to a Zacks Rank #3  from a Zacks Rank #4 .Buzzer to Observe: Universal Forest Products, Inc.  - Is storiesInsider Trading at Universal Forest Products Inc.? - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS"Universal Forest Products Completes Acquisition of idX Corp Nasdaq - Sep 20, 2016 As revealed, Universal Forest Products acquired all the outstanding shares of idX Corp's holding company, idX Holdings, Inc. idX Corp. is an internationally recognized firm in the merchandising solutions market, worth $6 billion. The firm generated ..."
p5
aS'Universal Forest Products Inc Price Volatility Hits An Inflection Point CML News - 13 hours ago This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Universal Forest Products Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility ...'
p6
aS"Universal Forest Products Is Still Too Expensive After A Tough Q4 Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 And the company's acquisition of idX disappointed in a quarter that began just 11 days after that acquisition closed. All told, I still lean bearish on UFPI - even if I'm not quite ready to commit to an outright short.Universal Forest Products Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.comUniversal Forest  Q4 Earnings Up Y/Y on Sales Growth - Nasdaq"
p7
aS'Universal Forest Products Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 01 Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 Universal Forest Products Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 01, as the stock gained 4.68% to close at $100.29.Universal Forest Products Inc Risk Points versus Materials - CML NewsZacks Investment Research Lowers Universal Forest Products, Inc.  to Sell - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS"Forbes names Universal Forest Products  the Best Performing Company in ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 29, 2016 GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., June 29, 2016  -- Universal Forest Products, Inc.  has been named by Forbes magazine as the best performing company in Michigan, based on total returns.Forbes Names Universal Forest Products 'Best Performing Company in Michigan' - LBM Journal"
p9
aS'Universal Forest Products  Acquires The UBEECO Group StreetInsider.com - Dec 5, 2016 Universal Forest Products, Inc.  today announced that one of its subsidiaries has acquired all outstanding shares of The UBEECO Group Pty.Universal Forest acquires $21M company - Grand Rapids Business Journal Hedge Funds Are Dumping Universal Forest Products, Inc. : What Are They ... - Insider Monkey '
p10
a.