(lp0
S'Is it Wise to Hold Universal Health  in Your Portfolio? Zacks.com - 20 hours ago Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, Universal Health Services Inc.  stock has gained 12.8% year to date, significantly higher than the increase of 7.6% witnessed by the Zacks categorized medical sector.Universal Health Services, Inc. to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare ... - Yahoo FinanceUniversal Health Services, Inc. : Important Trade and Target Levels To Watch - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Acadia Healthcare, VCA, Universal Health ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. , VCA Inc. , Universal Health Services, Inc.  and Mednax, Inc (NYSE: MD - Free&nbsp;...A socialist policy for universal health care - World Socialist Web Site'
p2
aS"Universal Health Services hiring 50, via Malvern job fair next week Philly.com - Mar 2, 2017 The company is looking for people experienced in billing, claims, coding, collections, credit customer service, and related management.Universal Health  Beats on Q4 Earnings, Gives '17 View - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: McKesson Corp, Universal Health Services and Nelnet Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/27/17, McKesson Corp , Universal Health Services, Inc. , and Nelnet Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends.'
p4
aS"2 Reasons Universal Health Systems Has A Clear Path To Growth Benzinga - Mar 6, 2017 Piper Jaffray's Sarah E. James believes that given the above peer average volume growth generated by Universal Health Services, Inc. , the company deserves a premium closer to the 5-year average spread of 2.4x. The analyst upgraded the&nbsp;...Rating Change on Universal Health Services, Inc.  - Energy IndexUniversal Health Services, Inc.  Upgraded to Overweight at Piper ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p5
aS'Universal Health Services Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 14 Equities.com - Feb 14, 2017 Universal Health Services Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 14, as the stock gained 2.9% to close at $121.30.Impact of Brokerage Rating on Universal Health Services, Inc. - TheFounders DailyUniversal Health Services, Inc.  Upgraded to Outperform at Wolfe Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Albemarle, ClubCorp Holdings, Universal Health Services Times of India - Mar 6, 2017 HIGHLIGHTS * Albemarle Corp : Citigroup cuts to neutral from buy * ClubCorp Holdings Inc : Macquaire cuts to neutral from underperform * Tetra Technologies Inc : Morgan Stanley cuts to equal weight from overweight * Universal Health Services Inc ...'
p7
aS'Traders Buy Universal Health Services, Inc.  on Weakness Following ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 10, 2017 Universal Health Services logo Investors bought shares of Universal Health Services, Inc.  on weakness during trading hours on Friday following insider selling activity.The Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Universal Health Services, Inc.  Issued ... - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 17, 2017 IRVINE, CA / ACCESSWIRE / February 17, 2017 / Khang &amp; Khang LLP  announces a class action lawsuit against Universal Health Services, Inc.  . Investors, who purchased or otherwise acquired&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Earnings Analysis &amp; Update for Universal Health Services, Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - Mar 14, 2017 Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company. Presently, covering analysts are anticipating Universal Health Services,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.