(lp0
S'Unisys Introduces Digistics by Unisys, a Cargo Management Solution to Help ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 BLUE BELL, Pa., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  today launched Digistics by Unisys, a holistic and integrated cargo logistics solution that allows carriers to streamline freight management and improve their operational&nbsp;...Unisys Introduces Digistics - Scoop.co.nz'
p1
aS'Unisys Launches Active Insights by Unisys, Providing Healthcare and Life ... PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 BLUE BELL, Pa., March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  today launched Active Insights by Unisys, a comprehensive, integrated medical device management platform providing healthcare and life sciences companies with the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Unisys Unveils Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence IoT Evolution World  - 11 hours ago Unisys Corporation has announced recently its planned launch of the new Unisys Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence, through which the company plans to give users free access to online tools to help them develop capabilities in advanced data&nbsp;...Unisys Announces Series of Milestones Highlighting Expertise in Advanced Data ... - PR Newswire '
p3
aS"Unisys Appoints Gary Wang and Peter O'Donoghue to Manage Its Cloud and ... PR Newswire  - Dec 23, 2016 Gary Wang has joined Unisys Federal as vice president, cloud and infrastructure services, and will manage the company's portfolio of cloud-related products and services for Unisys' federal government clients. Wang most recently served as chief ..."
p4
aS'Why Shares of Unisys Corporation Soared Motley Fool - Oct 26, 2016 Following the solid quarter, Unisys said it was maintaining its full-year outlook. Furthermore, the company said it will keep working to improve operating profit margin and cash flow generation.'
p5
aS'Amy Rall, Unisys US Federal Leader for Homeland Security, Honored with Federal ... PR Newswire  - Feb 24, 2017 RESTON, Va., Feb. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  announced today that Amy Rall, group vice president, homeland and critical infrastructure at Unisys U.S.'
p6
aS"Unisys Survey Finds Airports' Investment in Analytics Technology Set to Soar ... PR Newswire  - Dec 7, 2016 BLUE BELL, Pa., Dec. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- New research from Unisys Corporation  reveals that airports expect to fully embrace more advanced analytics solutions in the coming years, with potential applications for use across several key&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Unisys  Launches Cargo Logistics Solution Digistics Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago Information technology firm, Unisys Corporation UIS recently launched an integrated cargo logistics solution to facilitate seamless freight management and higher operational efficiencies for air carriers and their current and prospective freight ...Notable Stock Preview: Unisys Corporation  - Is storiesUnisys Corporation  Close to Lift Curtain on June 2016 Earnings - The Voice Registrar'
p8
aS'Unisys Stealth Defeats Hackers at University of Hawaii &quot;Capture the Flag&quot; Event PR Newswire  - Oct 18, 2016 BLUE BELL, Pa., Oct. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  announced today that participants in a recent ethical hacking event sponsored by the University of Hawaii failed to access a computerized document protected by Unisys Stealth&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Unisys Corporation  Q4 Earnings Beat, Revenues Lag Yahoo Finance - Jan 27, 2017 The company is poised to grow on the back of improved cost structure and increased free cash flow generation. Over the last three months, shares of this Zacks Rank #3  stock recorded a return of 31.43% - outperforming 7.20% return provided by the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.