(lp0
S'Newly Revealed Contracts From FOIA Requests Calls Into Question Ultimate ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 13, 2016 Spruce Point Capital Management is pleased to announce it has released the contents of a unique short idea involving The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. , a $5+ billion human resource software company where we see $110-$146 per share,&nbsp;...Will The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  miss earning estimates again? - The Independent Republic'
p1
aS'The Ultimate Software Group  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 We will begin with comments from Mitchell Dauerman. Mitchell K. Dauerman - The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Thank you, Jessica, and good afternoon and thank you to everyone for your interest in Ultimate Software.Ultimate Software Keeps Climbing Into the Cloud - Motley Fool3 Reasons Ultimate Software Should See A Top-Line Growth Surprise Next Year - Benzinga'
p2
aS'The Ultimate Software Group  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Mitchell K. Dauerman - The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Okay. Thank you, Tom, and good afternoon and thank you, everybody, for your interest in Ultimate Software.'
p3
aS"Ultimate Software: A Company People Love To Hate Seeking Alpha - Jun 7, 2016 But the company is quite unique in being one of the few reasonable profitable names in the SaaS world. And the company offers investors a unique combination of growth, visibility, profitability and a long-term record of consistency that's hard to match."
p4
aS"Ultimate Software Named #7 Best Company to Work For by Fortune, Marking ... Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 Ultimate Software, a leading provider of human capital management  solutions in the cloud, has been ranked #7 on Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2017.Data SheetThursday, March 9, 2017 - FortuneFortune reveals 100 best companies to work for - CBS News"
p5
aS'Spruce Point Issues Strong Sell Investment Opinion On The Ultimate Software ... ValueWalk - Dec 14, 2016 Spruce Point Capital Management is pleased to announce it has released the contents of a unique short idea involving The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. , a $5+ billion dollar human resource software company where we see $110 - $146 per&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  Upgraded to B at TheStreet Chaffey Breeze - 22 hours ago The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  was upgraded by stock analysts at TheStreet from a c+ rating to a b rating in a note issued to investors on Monday.Stock Returns: RealPage Inc  is Beating The Ultimate Software Group ... - CML News'
p7
aS'Ultimate Software acquires cloud workforce intelligence provider Seeking Alpha - Sep 30, 2016 Ultimate Software  announced that it has acquired San Francisco-based technology company Kanjoya Inc . Kanjoya founder Armen Berjikly and the entire award-winning Kanjoya team is joining Ultimate Software. Kanjoya&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"What happened with Ultimate Software Group this quarter? Motley Fool - Jul 27, 2016 Recurring revenue rose 27% year over year, to a new company-record $158.5 million, representing 85% of total sales. For perspective, Ultimate Software Group's guidance provided last quarter called for slightly higher revenue of $187 million, including&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Ultimate Software Buys Kanjoya, To Launch UltiPro Perception Zacks.com - Oct 3, 2016 The Ultimate Software Group Inc.  is focusing on enhancing the features of its flagship human capital management  solution - UltiPro - through acquisitions.'
p10
a.