(lp0
S'News Unico American Corp.UNAM Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 News Unico American Corp.UNAM. Significant News Only. 11/08/16; Press Release. Unico American Corporation Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results.'
p1
aS'Unico American - A Company I Would Love To Own Outright Seeking Alpha - Jan 22, 2013 When I first started reading about Unico American Corporation , I was expecting to just use this as a learning experience since this is the first insurance company I have truly evaluated.'
p2
aS'Unico American Corporation Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Business Wire  - Nov 9, 2016 CALABASAS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation  , announced today its consolidated financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.'
p3
aS'Unico American Corporation Announces Review of Strategic Alternatives Business Wire  - Apr 4, 2016 CALABASAS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation   today announced its Board of Directors has authorized a review of strategic alternatives for the Company aimed at enhancing shareholder&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Unico American Corporation Announces the Appointment of Lester A. Aaron as ... Business Wire  - Aug 5, 2016 CALABASAS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation   today announced that pursuant to a unanimous resolution of the Board of Directors  of the Company dated July 25, 2016, and&nbsp;...CFO Moves: Unico American Names New CFO; Rambus Names Interim Finance Chief - Wall Street Journal '
p5
aS'Unico American Corporation Reports Relocation of Headquarters Business Wire  - Sep 17, 2015 Headquartered in Woodland Hills, California, Unico is an insurance holding company that underwrites property and casualty insurance through its insurance company subsidiary; provides property, casualty, and health insurance through its agency&nbsp;...Unico Moves Offices to Calabasas - San Fernando Valley Business Journal'
p6
aS"Unico American Corporation Announces Asset Impairment and Filing of Related ... Business Wire  - Oct 15, 2015 CALABASAS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation  , announced that on October 9, 2015, the Company concluded that a charge for impairment of the Company's capitalized computer software&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Unico American Corporation Issues Statement Regarding Biglari Holdings Business Wire  - Nov 16, 2012 WOODLAND HILLS, Calif.----Unico American Corporation  , announced today that it has received inquiries and concerns from a number of its shareholders, the media and members of the general&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"California's Surplus Export List Getting Interest Ahead of Upcoming Hearing Insurance Journal - Dec 14, 2016 Cary Cheldin, chairman of publicly-traded Unico American Corp. and president of Crusader Insurance Co. in Calabasas, sees the list as a form of consumer protection and doesn't mind seeing a high bar set for adding products to it."
p9
aS"UNICO offers meatballs Waterbury Republican American - Oct 1, 2016 ... with the Waterbury Development Corporation and owner of D'Amelio's Gianni D'Amelio's are photographed during Meatballs &amp; Vino Fundraiser at the Shepardson Community Center, in Middlebury on Thursday."
p10
a.