(lp0
S"Coachella sues Urban Outfitters IQ Magazine - 17 hours ago Urban Outfitters, Inc. et al, filed yesterday in the Central District Court of California, alleges Urban Outfitters and its Free People subsidiary sold clothes marketed under the Coachella name with the intention of trading on the festival's success ..."
p1
aS"Urban Outfitters CEO Says the Retail Bubble Has Burst Bloomberg - Mar 8, 2017 Shares of Urban Outfitters Inc. and Express Inc. fell on Wednesday after the apparel chains gave a dour outlook for the industry, renewing concerns about America's overabundance of retail stores.Why Urban Outfitters, Inc. Stock Is Slipping Today - Motley FoolUrban Outfitters Inc. Q4 Earnings Retreat 12% - Nasdaq"
p2
aS'Urban Outfitters - Holding Up Nicely In A Difficult Environment Seeking Alpha - Mar 12, 2017 Urban Outfitters recently reported Q4 results, showing a 2% revenue growth and a modest contraction in margins. Results were mixed, but show the company is holding up well in a difficult environment.What Analysts Are Saying About Urban Outfitters After Earnings - Yahoo FinanceTraders Secrets on Yelp Inc. , Urban Outfitters, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS"Urban Outfitters faces another down cycle Philly.com  - 18 hours ago Investors in Urban Outfitters Inc. are used to wild swings. Shares of the South Philadelphia-based retailer have risen into the mid-$30s or higher, then fallen to the low $20s or below, at least four times since 2005, with an all-time high of $47 in ...Urban Outfitters, Inc. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalThe Biggest Loser: Urban Outfitters Slides 3.8% - Barron's "
p4
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Urban Outfitters, Inc., 70.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Urban Outfitters, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p5
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Urban Outfitters, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Urban Outfitters, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late.S&amp;P 500 Boots Frontier Communications Corp  Stock - Investorplace.com"
p6
aS'Urban Outfitters, First Solar, Frontier Communications booted from S&amp;P 500 MarketWatch - Mar 10, 2017 Urban Outfitters Inc. URBN, +0.13% First Solar Inc. FSLR, +2.62% and Frontier Communications Corp. FTR, -1.66% are being booted from the S&amp;P 500 index after S&amp;P Dow Jones raised its market cap guidelines for the index late Friday.'
p7
aS'What Makes Urban Outfitters  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Urban Outfitters, Inc. URBN, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p8
aS'Urban Outfitters, Inc.  PT Lowered to $26 at Instinet StreetInsider.com - Mar 8, 2017 Instinet lowered its price target on Urban Outfitters, Inc.  to $26.00  while maintaining a Neutral rating.'
p9
aS'Coachella Hits Urban Outfitters, Free People With TM Suit Law360  - Mar 15, 2017 Law360, Los Angeles  -- The Coachella Music Festival accused Urban Outfitters Inc. and its Free People unit of selling clothes marketed under the Coachella name aimed at its concertgoers, according to a suit filed in ...'
p10
a.