(lp0
S'Buffett Stocks In Focus: US Bancorp Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Bank stocks have been in rally mode since the November elections. This has made Warren Buffett even richer than he was before. Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.'
p1
aS'US Bancorp  Raises Prime Lending Rate to 4% StreetInsider.com - 13 hours ago U.S. Bancorp  announced it has raised its prime lending rate to 4.00 percent from 3.75 percent, effective tomorrow, March 16, 2017, at all U.S.Fifth Third Bancorp to Redeem its 1.35% Fixed Senior Notes - Nasdaq'
p2
aS"Taking a Look at the Data Behind US Bancorp  StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 U.S. Bancorp  is an interesting player in the Financial space, with a focus on Regional - Midwest Banks. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $54.92, down from yesterday's close by -0.04%.US Bancorp  Shares Sold by Monetary Management Group Inc. - BNB Daily US Bancorp  Position Cut by Bluestein RH &amp; Co. - Chaffey Breeze"
p3
aS'Buffett Stocks In Focus: US Bancorp  ValueWalk - Mar 10, 2017 The biggest reason why Warren Buffett owns U.S. Bancorp is likely because of its strong management team and competitive advantages.'
p4
aS"Will new US Bancorp chief's playbook deliver on offense? American Banker - Feb 22, 2017 It's an unseasonably warm January night in Minneapolis as employees of U.S. Bancorp pack into U.S. Bank Stadium, the hometown Vikings' new $1.1 billion playground, for the company's annual all-employee gathering."
p5
aS"CEO Pay Watch: US Bancorp's Richard Davis made $29.4 million last year Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 8, 2017 In his final full year as CEO of Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, Davis had the biggest payday of his career, mainly from the value of previously issued long-term equity awards that he exercised or had vested during the year."
p6
aS"US Bancorp's Ratings Affirmed by Moody's; Outlook Stable Zacks.com - Mar 1, 2017 The long and short-term ratings for the U.S. Bancorp  and its subsidiaries, including its bank subsidiary, U.S."
p7
aS'National Quality Review Recognizes US Bancorp Fund Services with NQR Best and ... Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 MILWAUKEE----U.S. Bancorp Fund Services LLC has received exceptional quality ratings from National Quality Review  which is a third-party management solution that provides objective evaluations of business processes and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"5 Reasons to Add US Bancorp Stock to Your Portfolio Now Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Looking at the estimate revision trend, U.S. Bancorp's earnings estimates for the current year have been revised 2.4% upward, over the past 60 days."
p9
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for US Bancorp  The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on U.S. Bancorp , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.