(lp0
S'Varian Medical Systems  Shares Cross Above 200 DMA Nasdaq - 12 hours ago In trading on Wednesday, shares of Varian Medical Systems Inc  crossed above their 200 day moving average of $89.66, changing hands as high as $90.61 per share.Varian Medical Systems Inc  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : John W Kuo ... - Energy IndexStock Returns: Wright Medical Group NV  is Beating Varian Medical ... - CML News'
p1
aS"Varian Medical Systems Reaches Analyst Target Price Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017 In recent trading, shares of Varian Medical Systems Inc  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $86.60, changing hands for $86.92/share.Analyst's Indicator Review for Varian Medical Systems, Inc. , XPO ... - The USA CommerceRating Change on Varian Medical Systems, Inc.  - Energy Index"
p2
aS"Varian Medical Systems Announces Distribution Ratio And Record Date For ... PR Newswire  - Jan 10, 2017 PALO ALTO, Calif., Jan. 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Varian Medical Systems  today announced that its Board of Directors approved the previously announced separation of the company's Imaging Components business. The separation is intended&nbsp;...Large Outflow of Money Witnessed in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. - Highland Mirror"
p3
aS'Varian Medical Systems Announces that Planned Separation of its Imaging ... PR Newswire  - Dec 7, 2016 Varian Medical Systems, Inc., of Palo Alto, California, focuses energy on saving lives by equipping the world with advanced technology for fighting cancer and for X-ray imaging.Varian to receive $200M cash transfer in spin-off of imaging components business - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Varian Medical Systems  Dow Wilson on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 Greetings, and welcome to the Varian Medical Systems, Inc First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call.Varian Medical Systems Reports Results for First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 - Yahoo FinanceVarian Medical Systems Inc : What are the future prospects? - Simply Wall St'
p5
aS'VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Feb 14, 2017 Varian Medical Systems, Inc. is a manufacturer of medical devices and software for treating cancer and other medical conditions.'
p6
aS'Varian Announces Successful Separation of Imaging Components Business PR Newswire  - Jan 30, 2017 PALO ALTO, Calif., Jan. 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Varian Medical Systems  today announced it has successfully completed the separation of its Imaging Components Business, which is now established as Varex Imaging Corporation (NASDAQ:&nbsp;...Varian Medical Systems  Completes Varex Imaging  Spin-Off - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS"How These Medical Equipment Stocks are Faring? -- Varian Medical Systems ... PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 Taking into consideration last Friday's market sentiment, Stock-Callers.com assessed the following Medical Appliances &amp; Equipment equities this morning: Varian Medical Systems Inc. , Wright Medical Group N.V. , MiMedx&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'What Makes Varian Medical  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Feb 15, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Varian Medical Systems, Inc. VAR, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the ...Stock Returns: Stryker Corporation  is Beating Varian Medical ... - CML NewsVarian Medical Systems, Inc.  Position Maintained by Bp Plc - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Varian Medical Systems, Inc.  Receives $90.55 Average Target Price from ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Varian Medical Systems logo Varian Medical Systems, Inc.  has been assigned an average rating of Hold from the twelve ratings firms that are presently covering the stock.Numeric Investors LLC Invests $1948000 in Varian Medical Systems, Inc.  - The Cerbat GemOption Market: Varian Medical Systems Inc Risk Hits An Extreme Low - CML News'
p10
a.