(lp0
S'Seven Generations Energy Ltd The Globe and Mail - Oct 31, 2014 Seven Generations Energy Ltd closed up sharply Wednesday, rallying $0.68 or 2.97% to $23.54. Although unchanged over the last five days, shares are down 24.82% for the last year to date.'
p1
aS'Why Seven Generations Energy Ltd  Delivered An Inferior ROE Compared ... Simply Wall St - Mar 8, 2017 With a ROE of 1.8%, Seven Generations Energy Ltd  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged a ROE of 7.14%.'
p2
aS'Seven Generations price cut on production miss: BMO Financial Post - Jan 9, 2017 Seven Generations Energy Ltd. had its target price cut at BMO Capital Markets after it missed the mark on production amid completion delays.'
p3
aS"Seven Generations Energy considers moving beyond gas into plastics, power Calgary Herald - Jun 28, 2016 Being a fast-growing supplier of low-cost natural gas only gets a producer so far in a shrinking market. It's that reality that has Canada's Seven Generations Energy Ltd. looking beyond resource extraction. The Calgary-based company is seeking options ..."
p4
aS'The Royal Bank of Canada Lowers Seven Generations Energy Ltd  Price ... Petro Global News 24 - 5 hours ago Seven Generations Energy Ltd  had its price target dropped by Royal Bank of Canada from C$38.00 to C$35.00 in a research report issued on Friday, StockTargetPrices.National Bank Financial Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Seven ... - Chaffey BreezeSeven Generations Energy Ltd to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.21 Per Share ... - BNB Daily '
p5
aS'Seven Generations Energy improving well performance and growth Energeticcity.ca - Jan 24, 2017 In the update, they say growth is expected in 2017 and is underpinned by a plan that is built on continued strong well performance that is meeting or exceeding well production.'
p6
aS'Why Seven Generations Energy CEO Pat Carlson is taking the long view and ... Financial Post - Jun 24, 2016 Chris Bolin for National PostSeven Generations Energy CEO Pat Carlson. As its Iroquois-inspired name implies, Seven Generations takes a very long view and is driven by unusual goals for a fracker - to benefit society and to ensure the environment is&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Alberta natural gas producers eye west coast pipelines as eastern market share ... Financial Post - Dec 27, 2016 While the Canadian oilpatch is fixating on crude oil pipelines, natural gas player Seven Generations Energy Ltd. is eager to see some movement on natural gas pipelines to tap the Asian market.'
p8
aS"Seven Generations Energy Ltd downplays major natural gas pipeline outage Financial Post - Aug 11, 2015 CALGARY - Executives at Seven Generations Energy Ltd. say they haven't been wasting time in the wake of a major natural gas pipeline shut down, which has caused the company and some of its competitors to suspend production.Seven Generations Energy Ltd. Takes a Contrarian Approach to Weak Oil Prices - The Motley Fool Canada"
p9
aS"Seven Generations Buys Alberta Shale Assets From Paramount Bloomberg - Jul 6, 2016 Seven Generations Energy Ltd. agreed to buy assets in Alberta's Montney shale play from Paramount Resources Ltd. as it presses ahead with an expansion during the industry's worst downturn in decades.Paramount Resources acquires 10 per cent of Seven Generations Energy in $1.9 ... - Financial Post"
p10
a.