(lp0
S'Vornado Realty Trust Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 But making Vornado Realty Trust an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of VNO entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $103.86 per share.Most Recent Stock Report: Vornado Realty Trust  - Is stories'
p1
aS'Vornado Realty to Spin Off Washington DC Business Wall Street Journal - Oct 31, 2016 Landlord Vornado Realty Trust is cleaving off its giant portfolio of Washington, D.C., office buildings and apartments, spinning them into a new company that would be merged with JBG Cos.Vornado to spin off, merge its DC holdings with JBG - Washington Business JournalVornado Realty Trust  to Spin Off Washington, DC Business; Plans to Merge ... - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS"Vornado Realty Trust's CFO headed to JBG ahead of merger deal Washington Business Journal - Feb 14, 2017 Stephen Theriot, who has been CFO at Vornado  since 2013, will assume the same position for JBG Smith Properties effective Wednesday.Vornado Realty Trust's  CEO Steven Roth on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaStock to watch: Vornado Realty Trust  - FX Daily Report"
p3
aS"Vornado pays Trump Organization millions each year The Real Deal Magazine - Feb 16, 2017 As it vies for federal work and funds, Vornado Realty Trust pays the Trump Organization tens of millions of dollars each year for its stakes in two of the REIT's office buildings.One of Government's Largest Landlords, Vornado, Pays Millions Each Year to ... - Wall Street Journal Trump's Ties To Infrastructure Advisors Roth And LeFrak Run Deep - Investor's Business Daily"
p4
aS"Why Is Vornado Realty  Down 6% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - 21 hours ago A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Vornado Realty Trust VNO . Shares have lost about 6% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Vornado Realty Trust Stock Volatility Hits A Plunging Low - CML NewsToday's Analyst Moves: NetApp, Inc. , Vornado Realty Trust  - USA Commerce Daily"
p5
aS"Noteholders snap up Vornado's Skyline for $200 million Washington Business Journal - Dec 21, 2016 Nor from Douglas Development Corp. Nor from MRP Realty. In the end, not a single one of Greater Washington's most active commercial real estate developers turned out Wednesday morning to cast a bid at the foreclosure sale for Vornado Realty Trust's 2.6&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"To LEED or not to LEED? Vornado, Forest City riff on environmental standards The Real Deal Magazine - Feb 24, 2017 Daniel Egan, vice president of sustainability and utilities at Vornado Realty Trust, recounted that one of the company's biggest tenants, a law firm, delivered an ultimatum a few years ago: Either secure LEED certification or the company wouldn't renew ..."
p7
aS"Agree To Purchase Vornado Realty Trust At $90, Earn 3.2% Annualized Using Options Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Vornado Realty Trust  stock, but cautious about paying the going market price of $109.55/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.With An ROE Of 11.1%, Has Vornado Realty Trust's  Management Done A Good Job? - Simply Wall StVornado Realty Trust  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze"
p8
aS"For sale by auction: Vornado's 2.5 million-square-foot Skyline portfolio Washington Business Journal - Dec 8, 2016 21 after Vornado  defaulted on the terms of its $678 million mortgage. The auction marks the end of a long slog for the New York-based real estate investment trust, which has watched occupancy rates at the park plummet to a little more than ..."
p9
aS'Vornado Realty Trust  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 Equities.com - Mar 13, 2017 Vornado Realty Trust  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 13, as the stock lost 0.4% to close at $102.79. On the day, Vornado Realty Trust saw 1.15 million shares trade hands on 10,708 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Option Market: Vornado Realty Trust Risk Hits A Tumbling Low - CML NewsThe Vornado Realty Trust  Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.