(lp0
S'Diversa and Celunol Complete Merger to Create Verenium Corporation, a Leader ... PR Newswire  - Jun 21, 2007 The combined company, which has been renamed Verenium Corporation, possesses a growing portfolio of specialty enzyme products and unique technical and operational capabilities designed to enable the production of low-cost, biomass-derived sugars&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"BASF Agrees to Buy Verenium as It Attacks DuPont, Novozymes Bloomberg - Sep 20, 2013 BASF SE, the world's biggest chemical maker, agreed to buy Verenium Corp. to pursue growth in biotechnology and close the gap on market leaders DuPont Co.Verenium Enters Agreement To Be Acquired By BASF - PR Newswire "
p2
aS'Verenium Completes $37 Million Sale of Certain Assets to DSM PR Newswire  - Mar 26, 2012 SAN DIEGO, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Verenium Corporation , a leading industrial biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of high-performance enzymes, today announced it has closed a&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Verenium to introduce new enzyme product at FEW Ethanol Producer Magazine - May 28, 2013 Verenium Corp., a leading industrial biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of high-performance enzymes, announced that the company will introduce the trademarked Deltazym APS protease for use in corn ethanol&nbsp;...Verenium To Introduce New Enzyme Product At 2013 International Fuel Ethanol ... - PR Newswire '
p4
aS'Verenium Announces Commercial Launch Of Pyrolase HT Product PR Newswire  - Feb 4, 2013 SAN DIEGO, Feb. 4, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Verenium Corporation , a leading industrial biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of high-performance enzymes, today announced the commercial launch of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"BP Said Planning to Close US Cellulosic Operation by End-1Q 2015 Bloomberg - Dec 9, 2014 BP Biofuels North America paid $98.3 million in 2010 for Verenium Corp.'s cellulosic biofuels business. The purchase included facilities in Jennings, Louisiana and San Diego."
p6
aS'Verenium Launches DELTAZYM GA L-E5 Enzyme for Fuel Ethanol Production PR Newswire  - Sep 29, 2010 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sept. 29 /PRNewswire/ -- Verenium Corporation , a pioneer in the development and commercialization of high-performance industrial enzyme solutions, today announced that it will now market and sell DELTAZYM GA&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"World's Largest Soybean Processing Plant Converts to Usage of Verenium's ... PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2010 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 3 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Verenium Corporation , a pioneer in the development of next-generation cellulosic ethanol and high-performance specialty enzymes, today announced that Molinos Rio de la Plata,&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"The Quest for Maximum Yield: Factoring Out pH Ethanol Producer Magazine - Aug 16, 2011 In another presentation about enzymes, Kulinda Davis, Verenium Corp.'s director, grain processing enzymes, shared results from the use of its new alpha-amylase enzyme at several ethanol plants."
p9
aS'Business and People Ethanol Producer Magazine - Jun 10, 2010 &gt;Verenium Corp. has promoted Nelson Barton to executive vice president of research and development. Prior to joining the company in May of 2000, Barton was a manager at Calbiochem-Novabiochem International.'
p10
a.