(lp0
S'Vertex Pharmaceuticals: Avoid This Cash Vortex Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 It seems that the only things that have grown at a relatively predictable and constant rate at Vertex Pharmaceuticals  are the R&amp;D expenses and the share count.Today Analysts Focus on Tiffany &amp; Co. , Vertex Pharmaceuticals ... - StockNewsJournalVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Position Increased by Federated ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"Vertex's Cystic Fibrosis Strategy In Tune With Concert Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 At first glance, Vertex Pharmaceuticals  appears to have paid more than enough for Concert Pharmaceuticals'  CTP-656, a once-daily version of its marketed therapy Kalydeco.VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... - Market ExclusiveVertex to Buy Concert's Cystic Fibrosis Candidate for $160M - Zacks.com"
p2
aS"Vertex's $160M Deal With Concert Pharmaceuticals Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 This week began with Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  announcing a deal to buy the development and commercialization rights of Concert Pharmaceuticals'  cystic fibrosis pipeline candidate, CTP-656 for a cost of&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated logo Vetr upgraded shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  from a sell rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Tuesday morning.Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -4.47 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's&nbsp;...The Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Short Interest Update - Petro Global News 24Stock Price of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Increases 4.2% - Highland Mirror"
p5
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Short Interest Update Chaffey Breeze - Mar 12, 2017 Vertex Pharmaceuticals logo Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  saw a significant decline in short interest in the month of February.'
p6
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold ... BNB Daily  - Mar 11, 2017 Vertex Pharmaceuticals logo Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  has been given an average rating of Hold by the twenty-seven research firms that are presently covering the company.'
p7
aS"Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily Chaffey Breeze - Mar 7, 2017 Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily ratings newsletter."
p8
aS"Option Market: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Risk Hits An Elevated Level CML News - Mar 8, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Vertex Pharmaceuticals&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Why to Keeping Eye on Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated , Energy ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 9, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -4.47 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's&nbsp;..."
p10
a.