(lp0
S"BRIEF-Ventas Inc says buys medical campus in Rhode Island Reuters - Mar 14, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 15 President Donald Trump will announce the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will revive a review of the feasibility of strict fuel efficiency standards through 2025, but will not seek to withdraw California's authority to set its ..."
p1
aS'Ventas Does It Again Seeking Alpha - 16 hours ago Ventas  is a well position healthcare REIT with solid growth potential. Because its current market price is lower than the present value of its future dividend payments, dividend growth investors should consider buying shares now.The Ventas, Inc.  Earns Sell Rating from BMO Capital Markets - Petro Global News 24Ventas Acquires High-Quality Healthcare Campus in Providence - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS"Earnings Clues on Ventas, Inc. , Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.  Analyst ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Ventas, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.55 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 7.75 and&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Ventas Completes Secured Debt Financing for Ardent Health Services ... Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 CHICAGO----Ventas, Inc.   announced today that it has completed its previously announced secured debt financing in the amount of $700 million to a subsidiary of Ardent Health Services &nbsp;...Ardent Health Services Completes Acquisition Of LHP Hospital Group, Inc. - PR Newswire '
p4
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Ventas, Inc. , Ross Stores, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Ventas, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.55 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 7.55 and&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in Ventas, Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Ventas logo Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in Ventas, Inc.  by 266.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.'
p6
aS'Report: Another potential buyer eyes Brookdale Nashville Business Journal - Feb 17, 2017 According to a Wall Street Journal report, real estate investment trust Ventas Inc. is &quot;in talks to acquire part or all of&quot; the senior living giant.'
p7
aS"Traders Secrets on American Electric Power Company, Inc. , Ventas, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 7, 2017 Ventas, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.55, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Pineno Levin &amp; Ford Asset Management Inc. Cuts Stake in General Electric ... - Petro Global News 24"
p8
aS"Ventas: &quot;Necessary and appropriate&quot; to pull plug on Brookdale speculation Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Addressing the Citi Global Property conference, Ventas  CEO Debra Cafaro says Brookdale Senior Living  is &quot;important to the industry,&quot; and an &quot;important customer.Ventas CEO: Brookdale Should Focus on Operating Business - Senior Housing NewsBrookdale's latest suitor denies potential deal - Nashville Business Journal"
p9
aS'Blackstone sells Rhode Island life science, research and medical campus to Ventas PE Hub   - 20 hours ago CHICAGOVentas, Inc.   announced today that it has purchased a high-quality life science, research and medical campus in Providence, Rhode Island  from affiliates&nbsp;...Providence poised to declare River House apartments developer in default of ... - The Providence JournalBlackstone Sells Life Sciences, Medical Campus For $130M - Law360 '
p10
a.