(lp0
S'Investor Watch on These Shares: EVINE Live Inc  Rives Journal - 20 hours ago Traders may be trying to figure out whether it is a good time to enter or exit a position in EVINE Live Inc . The Average Directional Index or ADX is a technical analysis indicator used to describe if a market is trending or not trending.'
p1
aS"EVINE Live Inc. Announces Changes in Senior Management GlobeNewswire  - Feb 8, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Feb. 08, 2016  -- EVINE Live Inc.  today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Bob Rosenblatt, Chairman of the EVINE Live Board, as interim Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately.Evine Live's turnaround CEO is out as profits continue to fall - Minneapolis Star TribuneEvine Live CEO Mark Bozek leaves after brief tenure - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal"
p2
aS"Former Sony Music honcho to partner up for Evine Live New York Business Journal - Mar 6, 2017 Former Sony Music boss and Bronx native Tommy Mottola is looking to partner with &quot;a big retailer&quot; for multi-platform video e-commerce company Evine Live Inc. We're in the midst of aligning ourselves with a partner that will be a big strategic move for ...Quarterly EBIT Margin Of EVINE Live Inc.  At -1.371% - Enterprise LeaderEVINE Live Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge"
p3
aS"Evine Live Inc. Announces Permanent Chief Executive Officer GlobeNewswire  - Aug 18, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 18, 2016  -- Evine Live Inc. , a multiplatform video e-commerce company today announced that Bob Rosenblatt, currently Evine's Chairman of the Board and interim Chief Executive Officer, has been&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'EVINE Live Inc.: Evine Live Inc. to Report Fourth Quarter 2016 Results on ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 2, 2017 MINNEAPOLIS, March 01, 2017  -- Evine Live Inc.  , a multiplatform video commerce company (evine.'
p5
aS"Evine to Broadcast Live Aboard Cruise Ship GlobeNewswire  - Feb 8, 2017 MINNEAPOLIS, Feb. 08, 2017  -- Evine Live Inc.  , a multiplatform video commerce company (evine.Notable Loser Stock Inside Traders Radar: EVINE Live Inc.'s  stock price ... - WsNews 4investors"
p6
aS"Evine Live execs reiterate plan for lower profit margins, investors sell shares Minneapolis Star Tribune - Nov 24, 2015 Evine Live Inc.'s plan for sales growth hinges on lower profit margins, executives said Tuesday after the home shopping company reported a wider loss in its latest quarterly results."
p7
aS'Hilfiger, Goldfarb and Mottola Join Forces to Invest in Evine Live WWD - Sep 15, 2016 Evine Live Inc., a multiplatform video e-commerce company, has landed several high-profile investors. The company has forged a definitive agreement to sell $10 million of common stock at $1.68 per share, to investors that include Tommy Hilfiger, Morris&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'As a rocky year ends, Evine Live makes money and cuts costs, including 45 jobs Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 23, 2016 Evine Live Inc. edged back into profitability at the end of a tumultuous fiscal year that, after it finished, led to another management shake-up and job cuts.EVINE Live +7.67% Reveals Net Sales Increase in Q4 and 2015 Year End Reports - Equities.com'
p9
aS"Cannell Capital: Strategic Initiatives A Must Seeking Alpha - Dec 17, 2015 Is a strategic overhaul in store for EVINE Live ? One of EVINE Live's biggest shareholders said revamping the company's strategic initiatives remains a possibility."
p10
a.