(lp0
S"BNC Bancorp Completes Merger with Valley Financial Corporation PR Newswire  - Jul 1, 2015 ... announced the successful completion of its merger with Valley Financial Corporation , the parent company of Valley Bank , thereby expanding BNC's presence into Southwest Virginia and the Greater Roanoke MSA&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'North Carolina bank BNC completes purchase of Valley Bank Roanoke Times - Jul 1, 2015 Created by local business leaders in 1995, Valley Bank operates nine offices. It now belongs to a much larger organization of 37 offices in North Carolina and 12 in South Carolina.'
p2
aS"Valley Bank expects to merge with BNC Bank Roanoke Times - Nov 18, 2014 Rick Callicutt, president and CEO of BNC, described Valley Bank as a strong community bank in an economically healthy part of Virginia and a good vehicle for BNC's entrance into the Virginia market. The combined institution will have assets of about $5&nbsp;...BNC Bancorp Signs Definitive Agreement To Acquire Roanoke-Based Valley ... - PR Newswire Bank of North Carolina to acquire Virginia bank - Charlotte Business Journal"
p3
aS'Veteran local banker Gutshall announces retirement Roanoke Times - Feb 17, 2016 Gutshall entered banking as a management trainee at First Virginia Bank in 1973 after graduating from Washington and Lee University.'
p4
aS"Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Valley Financial Corporation  Fiscal Standard - 11 hours ago Valley Financial Corporation is a bank holding company based in Roanoke, Virginia. The Company's principal subsidiary is Valley Bank. The Company's core businesses include commercial banking, retail and small business banking, consumer lending,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'F&amp;M Bank in Va. Acquires Title Insurance Firm American Banker - Jan 4, 2017 F&amp;M Bank Corp. in Timberville, Va., has acquired Valley Southern Title in Harrisonburg, Va. The $745 million-asset parent of Farmers &amp; Merchants Bank closed its acquisition of the title company on Monday, according to a Wednesday news release.'
p6
aS"Banks' mergers in West Virginia look solid Parkersburg News - Oct 2, 2016 Richard Adams is the chairman, chief executive officer, chairman of executive committee, Chairman of United Bank West Virginia and Chief Executive Officer of United Bank West Virginia, United Bankshares Inc. He stated the process of United purchasing a ..."
p7
aS"Poca Valley Bank alleges debtor, guarantors owe $31000 West Virginia Record - Dec 1, 2016 6, 2011, Poca Valley Bank plaintiff provided a line of credit to Eddie's Tire and Service up to $30,000 with commercial guaranties from Eddie and Diana Smith."
p8
aS'Milton Banking/OVB steps up for ACS Tea Jackson County Times-Journal - 17 hours ago Ohio Valley Bank, established in 1872, operates 19 offices in Ohio and West Virginia including The Milton Banking Company Division offices.'
p9
aS'Most Influential Virginians 2017 Virginia Business Magazine - Feb 28, 2017 Why he is influential: Aston has expanded TowneBank in recent years to become the second-largest Virginia-based community bank in terms of deposits. In rapid-fire fashion, the bank acquired Monarch Financial Holdings in Hampton Roads and Franklin&nbsp;...'
p10
a.