(lp0
S'NYC Sues Verizon Communications Inc.  Over Unfinished FiOS Project Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 NYC has filed a lawsuit against Verizon Communications Inc.  over a project that the company reportedly failed to complete.NYC Charges Verizon With Fios Fraud - Light Reading'
p1
aS"Verizon sought $925 million discount for Yahoo merger, got $350 million Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 NEW YORK Verizon Communications Inc  sought almost triple the price reduction that it ultimately obtained for Yahoo Inc's (YHOO.Verizon Suggested Price Cut of Up to $925 Million for Yahoo Deal - BloombergYahoo unveils leadership team after Verizon sale - MarketWatch"
p2
aS"Now Is the Perfect Time to Buy Verizon Communications Inc.  Stock Investorplace.com - Mar 10, 2017 In fact, Wall Street's forward-looking estimates are slowly but surely shrinking with each month. But the decline in Verizon stock spells opportunity. The company has three solid avenues toward growth and, if none of those pan out, another way to ...Verizon Communications Inc.  Closes 0.14% Up on the Day for March 10 - Equities.comJust the Facts on Verizon Communications Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p3
aS"Better Buy: AT&amp;T Inc. vs. Verizon Communications Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 In AT&amp;T  and Verizon , we have a combined market share of over 65% of America's wireless phone subscribers and two battle-tested dividend payers.Verizon Communications Inc.  Wins RootMetrics Nationwide Tests - Investorplace.comVerizon Communications Inc.  Rises 0.32% Thursday's Pre-Market - Benchmark Monitor"
p4
aS'Verizon Communications Inc.: Verizon and CBS Corporation announce multiyear ... The Wall Street Transcript - 15 hours ago NEW YORK - Verizon Communications Inc.  and CBS Corporation  have announced a new multiyear content carriage agreement that includes continued retransmission consent of CBS-owned television stations, including&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Verizon announces tender offers for 30 series of notes of Verizon and certain ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 NEW YORK, March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Verizon Communications Inc.   today announced the commencement of 30 separate offers to purchase for cash  any and all of the outstanding series of notes listed&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Verizon Communications Inc.  Closes 1.58% Up on the Day for March 15 Equities.com - 11 hours ago Shares of Verizon Communications Inc.  ended the trading day Wednesday at $50.14, representing a move of 1.58%, or $0.78 per share, on volume of 12.45 million shares.32822 Shares in Verizon Communications Inc.  Acquired by Concentric Wealth ... - Chaffey BreezeThe Ruffer LLP Sells 533 Shares of Verizon Communications Inc.  - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS'EOD Risers: UnitedHealth Group Inc, Verizon Communications Inc., Visa Inc ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 14, 2017 Shares in Verizon Communications Inc. EPIC code:  a holding company through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies, moved up&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'EOD Risers: UnitedHealth Group Inc, Verizon Communications Inc., Visa Inc, Wal ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of Verizon Communications Inc. ticker code:  a holding company through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies, increased&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Southwest Airlines Co. , Verizon ... StockNewsJournal - 21 hours ago Verizon Communications Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 6.48, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p10
a.