(lp0
S'Acquisition Costs and Weak Market Conditions Weigh on Westinghouse Air Brake ... Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 Last year was full of challenges for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec. Not only was the rail industry under pressure due to slowing global trade, but it has taken the company longer than expected to close its acquisition of ...Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaWestinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  Lowered to Hold at Zacks ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS"Sluggish Conditions Continue to Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... Motley Fool - Oct 25, 2016 The sluggish global economy continues to impact Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies' , or Wabtec, financial results.Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp Hits the Brakes on Costs Motley Fool - Feb 18, 2016 While momentum within the global economy is continuing to slow, it is still pushing forward. That was evident in Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies' , or Wabtec's, fourth-quarter earnings report, which was released before the market opened&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Global Economic Headwinds Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.'s ... Motley Fool - Jul 25, 2016 The global economic and currency headwinds that had been plaguing Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, over the past few quarters strengthened in the second quarter."
p4
aS'What to Watch When Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 While Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, faced challenges in some of its key markets last year, the company expects to deliver record results in 2016.'
p5
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume ... Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 01, as the stock gained 1.54% to close at $81.35.'
p6
aS'Common Share Dividend Yield of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation ... Energy Index - 22 hours ago The dividend growth rate of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 48.12% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.95.Option Trading: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  A ... - CML NewsStock inside Investors Spotlight: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... - Is stories'
p7
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date ... Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.1 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 24, 2017.Stock Returns: PACCAR Inc  versus Westinghouse Air Brake ... - CML NewsWestinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p8
aS"Here's Why Caterpillar Inc., Joy Global Inc., and Westinghouse Air Brake ... Motley Fool - Apr 9, 2016 What: Shares of major industrial manufacturers Caterpillar , Joy Global , and Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. , finished March up strongly. This continued what has been a very run for all three stocks, going&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Can Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation's  Financial Health ... Simply Wall St - Feb 19, 2017 Small-caps and large-caps are wildly popular among investors; however, mid-cap stocks, such as Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  with a market-capitalization of $7.82 Billion, rarely draw their attention and few analysts cover&nbsp;...Analysts Set Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Target ... - The Cerbat GemWestinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Set to Announce ... - BNB Daily "
p10
a.