(lp0
S"RBC on Western Digital Corp  Smrt Stck Nws - 16 hours ago Western Digital Corp  stock has been range bound given increased uncertainty around Toshiba's semiconductor asset and its implication to the WDC-Toshiba JV.Japan govt-backed fund may take minority stake in Toshiba chip unit: Sources - Moneycontrol.com"
p1
aS'Western Digital Is Having Growing Pains After Takeover Of SanDisk Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 As of now, Western Digital Corp.  has had a consistent decline in revenue and EPS growth. However, the company just recently acquired SanDisk Corp.Western Digital Corporation  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna ... - BNB Daily ROA of Western Digital Corporation  stands at -1.6 - TopChronicle'
p2
aS'Skyworks Solutions, Inc., Western Digital Corporation join Semiconductor ... ElectroIQ  - Mar 7, 2017 The Semiconductor Industry Association  today announced the addition of two leading U.S. semiconductor companies, Skyworks Solutions, Inc.  and Western Digital Corporation , as SIA members. Skyworks Executive&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Unpatched Western Digital Bugs Leave NAS Boxes Open to Attack Threatpost - Mar 7, 2017 Western Digital Corporation network-attached storage owners were warned of critical flaws in the company's My Cloud line of hardware that exposed data stored on the devices to attack."
p4
aS'Rambus , Western Digital Sign Licensing Agreement Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Rambus Inc. RMBS signed a patent licensing agreement with hard disk drive  manufacturer Western Digital Corp. WDC for an undisclosed sum.Rambus Signs License Agreement with Western Digital - Business Wire Rambus: 4 Ways To Win; JPMorgan Adds To Focus List - Benzinga'
p5
aS'Western Digital Corp  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc BNB Daily  - Mar 10, 2017 Western Digital Corp logo Citigroup Inc restated their buy rating on shares of Western Digital Corp  in a research report sent to investors on Monday.Western Digital Corp - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSStock in Focus: Western Digital Corporation  - TopChronicle'
p6
aS'Why Western Digital  Could Shock the Market Soon Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is Western Digital Corporation WDC. This Computer- Storage Devices stock has actually seen estimates rise over the past month for the current ...'
p7
aS'Western Digital Corporation  Is Rising But Watch The Charts And Be Careful USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago With all other things going on, Western Digital Corporation  has been on a run - rising 12.6 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS"Why Analysts put forward these two stocks: Western Digital Corporation (WDC ... The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 Shares of Western Digital Corporation  surged 0.93% to $75.70. During the trading on 03/13/2017, Company's stock ranged from $74.73 to $76.01."
p9
aS"Western Digital's HGST Branded System Archives One of the World's Largest ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Delivering the possibilities of data, Western Digital Corp.  announced that the HGST Active Archive System, the first in a family of products to include the ActiveScale P100 and X100, is enabling the cole Polytechnique Fdrale de Lausanne ..."
p10
a.