(lp0
S'Wells Fargo CEO got nearly $13 million in compensation in 2016 MarketWatch - 12 hours ago Wells Fargo &amp; Co. awarded Chief Executive Timothy Sloan $12.83 million in compensation for 2016 after he took over the embattled bank this fall following its sales practices scandal.Wells Fargo CEO Gets 17% Raise After Scandal Spurs Promotion - BloombergWells Fargo CEO receives pay bump despite sales scandal - Reuters'
p1
aS'Wells Fargo, RBS, Deutsche Bank in $165 million NovaStar settlement Reuters - 21 hours ago NEW YORK Wells Fargo &amp; Co, Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and Deutsche Bank AG have reached a $165 million class-action settlement over their underwriting for the now-bankrupt subprime lender NovaStar Mortgage Inc. It resolves claims that offering&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Wells Fargo's Dakota Access Financing Prompts a Shareholder Vote Bloomberg - 11 hours ago Wells Fargo &amp; Co. shareholders will vote next month on whether to require the bank to adopt policies to help protect indigenous groups after protesters targeted its role in financing the Dakota Access pipeline."
p3
aS"Wells Fargo execs get pay bump Seeking Alpha - 2 hours ago While he was only CEO for a few months in 2016, Wells Fargo's  Timothy Sloan received $12.8M for his work last year, a 17% increase, despite scrapping executive bonuses in light of an accounts scandal that rocked the bank."
p4
aS'Wells Fargo: Ride The Stagecoach Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Wells Fargo is coming back from scandal and is geared to growth in the customer segment where the damage was done. The Trump Administration wants and needs a grass routes banking renaissance.Perennial Advisors LLC Purchases Shares of 40601 Wells Fargo &amp; Co  - Chaffey BreezeLarge Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Wells Fargo &amp; Company  - Highland Mirror'
p5
aS'Wells Fargo Names Cravath Partner as New Top Lawyer Wall Street Journal  - Mar 6, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. named a new top lawyer Monday, ending a monthslong search for a new general counsel who will be tasked with helping the bank recover from its recent sales practices scandal.Wells Fargo names Allen Parker general counsel - ReutersWells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is a Hidden Gem Among Financials - Investorplace.com'
p6
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Exxon Mobil Corp. , Wells Fargo &amp; Co.  StockNewsJournal - 21 hours ago Wells Fargo &amp; Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p7
aS'Wanted at Wells Fargo: Three New Deputies to Run Retail Bank Bloomberg - Mar 7, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. community banking head Mary Mack is seeking three new deputies and shaking up regional leadership of the division she inherited after a bogus-account scandal.'
p8
aS'BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co names Allen Parker general counsel Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co names Allen Parker general counsel. March 6 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. * Wells fargo names Allen Parker general counsel.'
p9
aS"Wells Fargo pumps $9.1M into Iowa nonprofits Quad City Times - 13 hours ago &quot;I'm so proud of what our company and our team members did last year to invest in improving the lives of others and helping our communities,&quot; said Don Pearson, region president for Wells Fargo in Iowa. &quot;The 178,000 volunteer hours recorded was a 21.6&nbsp;..."
p10
a.