(lp0
S'Winnebago Industries Inc.  Tumbled To A 4-Month Low After Downgrade RTT News - Mar 13, 2017 BMO Capital downgraded its rating on shares of Winnebago Industries Inc.  Friday morning to &quot;Market Perform&quot; from &quot;Outperform.Winnebago Industries Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 - Equities.comWhat Analysts Suggest About Winnebago Industries, Inc. ? - Post Registrar'
p1
aS'Winnebago - Investors Are Right To Exercise Some Caution Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Winnebago Industries  made a transformative deal in October of last year when it purchased Grand Design - a deal that I applauded.'
p2
aS'Why Winnebago Industries, Inc. Stock Soared 24% Today Motley Fool - Oct 3, 2016 Shares of RV-maker Winnebago Industries, Inc.  rocketed higher today after announcing an acquisition of towable RV manufacturer Grand Design for $500 million in cash and newly issued shares.Why Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Stock Is Soaring Today - Investorplace.comWinnebago Industries  to Acquire Towable RV Maker Grand Design - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS'Why Winnebago Industries, Inc. Stock Gained 20% in March Motley Fool - Apr 7, 2016 What: Shares of Winnebago Industries, Inc.  were revving higher last month, gaining 20% according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence as the company rode the recovery in the broader market and posted better-than-expected earnings&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Winnebago Industries ... Chaffey Breeze - 20 hours ago Winnebago Industries, Inc. logo BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed their market perform rating on shares of Winnebago Industries, Inc.  in a research report report published on Friday morning. BMO Capital Markets currently has a $29.00 price&nbsp;...The BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Winnebago ... - Petro Global News 24Wall Street Consensus Update &amp; Stock Review on Winnebago Industries, Inc ... - Rockville Register'
p5
aS"Why Shares of Winnebago Industries Inc. Crashed Today Motley Fool - Mar 26, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.Winnebago will open new plant outside of Forest City - Mason City Globe GazetteWinnebago Appoints William Fisher, Retired Polaris VP, to Board - Marketwired "
p6
aS'Winnebago Industries Names Jeff Kubacki Vice President - Information ... Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2016 FOREST CITY, IA-- - Winnebago Industries, Inc.  today announced it has hired Jeff Kubacki to the position of Vice President - Information Technology, Chief Information Officer effective November 14, 2016.'
p7
aS"A Fundamental Analysis Of Winnebago Industries Seeking Alpha - Jan 15, 2016 For the past couple of months our group of students from Northeastern's Student Value fund analyzed Winnebago Industries  through a deeply fundamental approach. In this article we would like to share what we think are Winnebago's most&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Winnebago Industries appoints Murabito to board Mason City Globe Gazette - Mar 1, 2017 FOREST CITY - Winnebago Industries, Inc., a leading United States recreation vehicle manufacturer, announced the appointment of John Murabito to its board of directors, effective April 1, 2017.'
p9
aS'Winnebago Industries Appoints Richard Moss, CFO of Hanesbrands Inc., to Its ... Marketwired  - Jan 5, 2017 FOREST CITY, IA-- - Winnebago Industries, Inc. , a leading United States recreation vehicle manufacturer, today announced the appointment of Richard D. Moss to its Board of Directors, effective February 1,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.