(lp0
S'Willdan Group Inc.  Broke Out To A New High On Q4 Results RTT News - Mar 13, 2017 Willdan Group Inc.  reported fourth quarter EPS of $0.18 after the close Thursday, up from $0.05 in the previous year.Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Willdan Group, Inc. Decreased by Seaport Global ... - Chaffey BreezeThe Willdan Group, Inc.  Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0 ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'Willdan Group to Participate in 29th Annual ROTH Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Willdan Group, Inc.  , a provider of professional technical and consulting services, today announced that it will participate in the 29th Annual ROTH Conference in Orange County on Monday, March 13, 2017. During the conference, Willdan&nbsp;...Willdan Group  Secures $10.9M Energy Efficiency Contract From City of ... - StreetInsider.comWilldan Group Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire '
p2
aS"Is Willdan Group Inc  As Financially Strong As It Appears Due To Its Low ... Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 Small-cap companies such as Willdan Group Inc  with its market cap of USD $248 Million, benefit the most from improving economic conditions due to the growth potential, but on the other hand they also are highly prone to a downturn, thus&nbsp;...Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Willdan Group, Inc.  - Community Financial NewsToday The Willdan Group's  Outperform Rating Reiterated at Wedbush - DailyQuint"
p3
aS'Still Room To Run At Willdan Seeking Alpha - Sep 9, 2016 STILL ROOM TO RUN AT WILLDAN Summary Willdan Group, Inc.  has had a strong run , after posting strong results on the back of the savvy acquisition of Genesys Engineering, a maker of boilers and chillers,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Is Willdan A Dandy Company For Investing? Seeking Alpha - Oct 28, 2016 Article Premise: With our national General Election occurring in less than two weeks, I have been looking at what segments of the market might have the best opportunity for benefiting from this election.'
p5
aS"Willdan Group looks beyond California to diversify its client base Los Angeles Times - Oct 5, 2014 In 50 years of operation, consulting firm Willdan Group Inc. has ridden California's wild rocket of growth. The Anaheim company provides engineering, energy efficiency services and other services to governments and utilities as well as commercial and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Willdan Group  Appoints Vice Admiral Dennis McGinn and Curtis Probst to ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 9, 2017 Willdan Group, Inc.  today announced the retirement of John M. Toups from the Company's Board of Directors and the appointments of Vice Admiral Dennis V. McGinn, USN, Retired, and Curtis S. Probst to the Company's Board of Directors,&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Willdan Group Inc  Surging Higher of Late Business Review - 16 hours ago Shares of Willdan Group Inc  have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 25.00% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p8
aS'Form 4 Willdan Group, Inc. For: Mar 08 Filed by: McLaughlin Stacy B. StreetInsider.com - Feb 20, 2017 Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue. See Instruction 1. 1. Name and Address of Reporting Person *. McLaughlin Stacy B. , , . 2401 EAST KATELLA AVENUE. SUITE 300. &nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Willdan Acquires New York Based Power Engineering Company Genesys Engineering Business Wire  - Feb 29, 2016 ANAHEIM, Calif.----Willdan Group, Inc.  today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Genesys Engineering , a mechanical and electrical consulting and engineering company located in&nbsp;...'
p10
a.