(lp0
S'Walter Energy Files for Bankruptcy Protection Wall Street Journal - Jul 15, 2015 Walter Energy Inc. on Wednesday filed for bankruptcy protection after agreeing on a fast-track restructuring process that would hand ownership of the coal miner to senior creditors.Walter Energy Reaches Bankruptcy Deal as Coal Prices Drop - BloombergCoal Miner Walter Energy, Inc.  Goes Bankrupt - ValueWalk'
p1
aS'Walter Energy Announces Closing of Sale of Alabama Assets to Warrior Met Coal PR Newswire  - Apr 1, 2016 BIRMINGHAM, Ala., April 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Walter Energy, Inc.   today announced the close of the previously-announced sale of substantially all of its core assets, comprising its Alabama coal ...'
p2
aS"Moving Walter Energy forward: What's next for the Alabama coal giant? Birmingham Business Journal - Jan 20, 2016 In a recent court filing, it was reported that the &quot;Stalking Horse Purchaser&quot; - an interested company or companies that can not be named - did not bid on certain non-core assets, including Lot 3 , Lot 4 , Lot 8 ..."
p3
aS'Is Walter Energy, Inc. Destined for Greatness? Motley Fool - Jun 2, 2014 Investors love stocks that consistently beat the Street without getting ahead of their fundamentals and risking a meltdown. The best stocks offer sustainable market-beating gains, with robust and improving financial metrics that support strong price ...'
p4
aS'Why Walter Energy, Inc. Has Crashed 69% in 2014 Motley Fool - Sep 8, 2014 One reason Walter Energy has taken such a sharp dive recently is that the company has completely tied itself to the metallurgical coal market.'
p5
aS'Walter Energy, Inc.  Expecting Sweeping Policy Changes The Oracle Dispatch - Nov 11, 2016 Walter Energy, Inc.  is a Chapter 11 case in the coal space that has exploded higher on the surprise election of President-elect Trump in the US on Tuesday evening.'
p6
aS'Walter Energy Announces Closing of Sale of Non-Core US Assets to Seminole Coal ... PR Newswire  - Feb 13, 2016 BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Feb. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Walter Energy, Inc.  today closed the previously-announced sale of certain U.S.'
p7
aS"Walter Energy gets court approval for $50M in financing Birmingham Business Journal - Jan 29, 2016 Walter's senior lenders have revealed plans to purchase the company's core assets, including substantial operations in central Alabama.Buyers Remain Scarce for Bankrupt Coal Miners - Wall Street Journal"
p8
aS"Walter Energy, Inc.  Catches a Bid Off Steel Numbers The Oracle Dispatch - Oct 24, 2016 Walter Energy, Inc.  is another tough-luck case in the coal space, but one that has grabbed hold of the attention of traders during the stock's recent bounce."
p9
aS'Walter Energy, Inc.  Trying to Break Out The Oracle Dispatch - Dec 11, 2016 Walter Energy, Inc.  is a chapter 11 play in the met coal segment that has started to garner a lot of attention as new policy changes suggest an extremely unlikely rejuvenation of coal-based industry in 2017.'
p10
a.