(lp0
S"Can Wal-Mart's  Expansion Strategies Attract Investors? Zacks.com - 12 hours ago Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  attended the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer &amp; Retail Technology Conference on Mar 14.Why to Keeping Eye on AT&amp;T Inc. , Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ? - StockNewsJournalWalmart closing a Neighborhood Market in Littleton - Denver Business Journal"
p1
aS'Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.: Can You Still Win With Wal-Mart? Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores is a Dividend Champion with 43 consecutive years of dividend growth, and another increase is sure to be announced this week.Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Stock: The Turnaround Is Real! - Investorplace.comHow Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Turned the Tables on Amazon.com, Inc ... - Library For Smart Investors'
p2
aS'Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to participate at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 A presentation by Doug McMillon, president and chief executive officer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., will be webcast live through links at www.Drilling Down Into Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'EOD Risers: Pfizer Inc., Travelers Companies Inc, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Walt ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - 23 hours ago The share price for Wal-Mart Stores Inc found using EPIC:  a company engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world, climbed 1.1% or 0.77 points by the close of business yesterday.'
p4
aS"Wal-Mart Stores Inc: Core US strategy working, BoFA Merrill Times of India - Mar 14, 2017 ... ** World's largest retailer's shares up as much as 1.79 pct at $71.2. ** Bank of America Merrill Lynch adds stock to its US 1 List, which represents best investment ideas of the brokerage."
p5
aS"Warren Buffett sells millions in Wal-Mart Stores Inc stock AOL Small Business - Feb 15, 2017 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway  shed $900 million in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  stock, reports Business Insider, echoing larger issues the retail industry is facing against fierce competition like Amazon.Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Stock Isn't Coming Back. Just Ask Buffett. - Investorplace.comWal-Mart Stores Inc.  Closes 0.73% Up on the Day for February 17 - Equities.com"
p6
aS"Highlights from Wal-Mart's retail conference presentation Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Wal-Mart  CEO Doug McMillon presented today at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer &amp; Retail Technology Conference."
p7
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 The Dow Jones Industrial Average toppled another milestone Wednesday, breaching 21,000. One reason markets have continued to hit new highs is the expectation that President Donald Trump will soon unveil a plan for lower taxes on both corporations and&nbsp;...Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to Present at the Raymond James Institutional Investors ... - Business Wire Three Giants Insiders Are Dumping: Apple Inc. , Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT ... - Smarter Analyst'
p8
aS"Wal-Mart doubles down on 'big boxes' in Brazil despite sluggish sales MarketWatch - Mar 13, 2017 SO PAULOFacing lackluster sales in the world's fifth-largest consumer market, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is making a contrarian bet in Brazil, investing heavily to revamp its U.S."
p9
aS"Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Stock Could Be a 2017 Surprise Investorplace.com - Feb 27, 2017 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  rallied more than 4% last week following the company's fourth-quarter earnings report.Exclusive: Wal-Mart launches new front in US price war, targets Aldi in ... - ReutersWal-Mart upgrades app to speed up pharmacy refills, money transfers - MarketWatch"
p10
a.