(lp0
S'United States Steel Corporation Risk Points versus Materials CML News - 10 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for United States Steel Corporation  compared to its own past and the Materials ETF.'
p1
aS"Analysts' Views: Can US Steel Continue to Rise? Market Realist - 19 hours ago U.S. Steel Corporation  was among the best performing steel stocks   last year with gains of 313%. The stock has continued its good run in 2017 and is trading with year-to-date gains of 8.2%."
p2
aS"Is US Steel A Steal? Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 The siren call of tax cuts, deregulation and infrastructural spending on everything from a sea-to-sea wall on the U.S.-Mexican border to fixing and augmenting the country's transportation resources to financing more military muscle that combined carry ..."
p3
aS'United States Steel Corporation Takes Legal Action Against Minnesota Pollution ... PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 PITTSBURGH, Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- United States Steel Corporation  today announced it has filed a Writ of Mandamus  against the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency .BRIEF-United States Steel files Writ of Mandamus against Minnesota Pollution ... - Reuters'
p4
aS"United States Steel Corporation Announces Action On Section 337 Case PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 PITTSBURGH, Feb. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- United States Steel Corporation  today issued the following statement in response to the company's decision to file a motion to withdraw without prejudice the trade secrets claim from consideration in&nbsp;...US Steel drops cyber theft allegations from Chinese steel ban request - nwitimes.com"
p5
aS'US Steel Announces Executive Management Changes PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 PITTSBURGH, Feb. 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- United States Steel Corporation  today announced that David B. Burritt, who currently serves as executive vice president and chief financial officer, has been elected president and chief operating officer.US Steel promotes CFO to president, COO - Pittsburgh Business TimesUS Steel Corp. Appoints David Burritt President &amp; COO - Quick Facts - Nasdaq'
p6
aS'United States Steel  Up 26.7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Zacks.com - Mar 3, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for United States Steel Corporation  . Shares have added about 26.7% in that time frame, outperforming the market.'
p7
aS'United States Steel Corporation: The High-Return Stock No One Is Talking About  Investorplace.com - Feb 15, 2017 One would think that the company would be making headline news after returning over 360% in the last 52 weeks. However, this high-return stock is not very popular among investors.'
p8
aS"3 Big Stock Charts for Friday: United States Steel Corporation (X ... Investorplace.com - Feb 24, 2017 The market is finally giving a few signs that traders are taking profits from the Trump Rally. Yesterday's selling in the industrial, materials and steel companies confirmed that these overbought sectors were ready for a pullback. It's important to ..."
p9
aS'Taking a Fresh Look at United States Steel Corporation  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 United States Steel Corporation  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Steel &amp; Iron.Analysts Opinions on: United States Steel Corp.  - FactsReporterR-Squared Dividend Growth of United States Steel Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p10
a.