(lp0
S'Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock Has Become a Bargain Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Investors who have waited for a good entry point in Exxon Mobil Corporation  now have their chance, given that shares of the Texas-based integrated oil giant has fallen almost 10% year to date, trailing the 7% decline in the Energy Select ...Exxon Mobil Corporation : Big CapX For Big Oil - Simply Wall StExxon applies for Guyana oil production license - Seeking Alpha'
p1
aS"Is Exxon Mobil Likely To Acquire BP? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Rumors have resurfaced once again that Exxon Mobil  is in talks to acquire BP . That's why BP rallied 2.5% on Friday even though the price of oil maintained its downtrend.BP plc   Stock Pops on Exxon Mobil Corporation  Takeover Rumors - Investorplace.com5 things to know in Texas energy this week - Houston Business Journal"
p2
aS"BP Rallies on Possibilities of a Takeover by ExxonMobil Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 Texas-based ExxonMobil has one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. The company hasn't signed any major deal since the wave of oil-major consolidation in the late 1990s.The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: BP, ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell and ... - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"Tillerson Used Email Alias as Exxon CEO to Talk Climate Change NBCNews.com - Mar 14, 2017 U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the former chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp, used an alias email address while at the oil company to send and receive information related to climate change and other matters, according to New York&nbsp;...Exxon clarifies Tillerson's email alias - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS"7 Reasons to Buy Exxon Mobil Corporation and Never Sell Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 ExxonMobil Corporation  is one of the world's largest integrated energy companies. If you're thinking about investing in the oil and natural gas industry, you should put this diversified global player on your short list.Exxon's New CEO Shifts Investments to Quick-Earning Shale Oil - BloombergWhat Does Buying Exxon Mobil Mean? - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"Exxon Mobil Is A Buy Right Now Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corporation  has made headlines in recent months due to Rex Tillerson, the energy giant's former chairman and CEO who Donald Trump has appointed U.S.President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program - The White House Exxon to invest $20 billion on US Gulf Coast refining projects - CNBC"
p6
aS"Iraq talking with Exxon to develop new southern oilfields Seeking Alpha - 20 hours ago Iraq's talks with Exxon Mobil  to develop two small southern oilfields are progressing well, the head of state-run South Oil Co."
p7
aS"Exxon's Big Deal Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Exxon  is buying a quarter stake in a gas field in Mozambique from Eni for $2.8 billion. Exxon ... Exxon owns other exploration licenses for offshore blocks near this project. ... Exxon's partners are Eni and China National Petroleum Corporation.Exxon Mobil Corporation: ExxonMobil to Acquire 25 Percent Interest in ... - The Wall Street TranscriptExxon stumps up $2.8 billion for Mozambique gas gateway to Asia - Reuters"
p8
aS"Exxon Mobil at a 52 week low. Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Exxon Mobil  is skirting its 52-week lows as we speak. It seems, in my opinion, that investors are dismayed about a couple of things.Exxon Mobil Corporation  Should Keep an Eye on Tesla Inc  - Investorplace.comExxon Mobil Still Dow's Biggest Loser in 2017 - 24/7 Wall St."
p9
aS'Tillerson used email alias at Exxon Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Secretary of State Rex Tillerson used email alias &quot;Wayne Tracker&quot; to discuss climate change while he was at Exxon Mobil , according to NY AG Eric Schneiderman, who accused the company of failing to turn over all documents required by a&nbsp;...'
p10
a.