(lp0
S'BRIEF-XPO Logistics Inc entered into a refinancing amendment Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 TOKYO, March 16 The Bank of Japan kept monetary policy steady on Thursday and maintained a cautiously optimistic view on the economy, signalling that no expansion of monetary stimulus was forthcoming in the near future.'
p1
aS'XPO LOGISTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc. is a transportation and logistics company. The Company provides supply chain solutions. The Company operates in two segments: Transportation and Logistics.Mover within Investors Observation: XPO Logistics, Inc.  - Is storiesXPO Logistics Inc  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by Brokerages - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS"XPO Logistics Profit and Revenue Exceed Estimates Wall Street Journal  - Feb 21, 2017 XPO Logistics Inc. on Tuesday reported stronger-than-expected profits and revenue, riding a surge in online shopping that drove demand for the company's logistics and specialized delivery businesses.XPO LOGISTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market ExclusiveTaking a Look at the Data Behind XPO Logistics, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p3
aS"XPO Logistics Honored by Navistar with Diamond Supplier Award Yahoo Finance - Feb 17, 2017 February 17, 2017 - XPO Logistics, Inc. , a leading global provider of transportation and logistics solutions, has been honored by Navistar International Corp.XPO Logistics Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 17 - Equities.comKeyCorp Comments on XPO Logistics, Inc.'s FY2016 Earnings  - BNB Daily "
p4
aS"What's Next For XPO Logistics Inc  Stock? BNL Finance    - Feb 26, 2017 Before I discuss that conversation and what it means, I want to note that last mile is by far XPO Logistics Inc  most profitable and fastest growing business.Revenue Update on XPO Logistics Inc - Energy IndexBrokers Ratings on: XPO Logistics, Inc.  - FactsReporter"
p5
aS'XPO LOGISTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc.  intends to refinance all term loans outstanding under its existing term loan credit agreement with new term loans issued under such agreement, subject to certain customary conditions.XPO Logistics Inc  Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. - Sports Perspectives99 hedge funds sold their entire positions in XPO Logistics, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p6
aS"Notable Moving Stock: XPO Logistics, Inc.  Is stories - Mar 10, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -1.38% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 49.35. The company's last traded volume of 1.16 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 1.25 million shares.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Decreases Position ... - BNB Daily EPS Projection Of XPO Logistics, Inc.  At $0.7575 - Transcript Daily"
p7
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: XPO Logistics, Inc. , Pilgrim's Pride ... StockNewsJournal - Feb 28, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business."
p8
aS"Analyst's Predictions on The GEO Group, Inc. , XPO Logistics, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Feb 14, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -0.38, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Friedberg Investment Management Has $1086000 Stake in XPO Logistics, Inc.  - Community Financial News"
p9
aS'Rating Change on XPO Logistics, Inc.  Energy Index - Mar 8, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc.  has been in the radar of several wallstreet critics. Company shares were Reiterated by Cowen on Feb 23, 2017 to Outperform, Raises Price Target to $ 59 from a previous price target of $54 .Why XPO Logistics, Inc.  In Focus? - Transcript DailyXPO Logistics Inc  Earns Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.