(lp0
S'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky &amp; Long, PA Files Class Action Suit Against Ixia GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Rigrodsky &amp; Long, P.A. announces that it has filed a class action complaint in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on behalf of holders of Ixia  common stock in connection with the proposed acquisition ...'
p1
aS'Ixia to Demonstrate 400 Gigabit Ethernet  Traffic with PAM4 Electrical ... Yahoo Finance - 22 hours ago Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, announced today a collaboration with Cisco and Foxconn Interconnect Technology  to demonstrate 400 Gigabit Ethernet  traffic with Quad Small Form Factor&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Ixia moves to 100% channel sales for enterprise products ChannelBiz UK - Feb 28, 2017 Ixia fully recognises that our global partner ecosystem plays a vital role in delivering the innovation, expertise, and excellence enterprise customers are seeking today, said Ixia CEO, Bethany Mayer. Relying 100 percent on channel partners to ...'
p3
aS"Barefoot Networks Chooses Ixia IxNetwork and Novus Test Solutions to Validate ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, today announced that Barefoot Networks chose Ixia's 100 Gigabit Ethernet  test solutions to validate its Tofino series of high-performance programmable switches.Ixia Wins Barefoot Networks - socalTech.com"
p4
aS'Ixia Launches Scalable LTE Test Solution to Help Customers Clear the Path to 5G Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 CALABASAS, Calif.----Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, today announced a new radio access network  test product, IxLoad LTE XAir2, specifically designed for service&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Ixia Recognized on CRN's 2017 Security 100 List Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, announced today that CRN, a brand of The Channel Company, has named Ixia to its annual Security 100 list. This project recognizes the coolest security vendors in ..."
p6
aS"Ixia taps local partner talent in consultancy play ARNnet - Mar 14, 2017 Ixia Australia and New Zealand Country Manager, Ardy Sharifnia, is on a mission to boost the vendor's business in the local market by engaging partners in a consulting play push."
p7
aS'CRN Exclusive: Ixia Moves To 100 Percent Channel Model For Enterprise Sales CRN - Feb 23, 2017 Ixia is moving its application visibility and security solutions to the channel, announcing the adoption of a new strategy to push all of its enterprise sales through partners.'
p8
aS'Ixia and SnapRoute Demonstrate Performance and Interoperability Testing for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, and SnapRoute Inc., a leading open source network stack provider, will provide attendees at the OCP Summit, March 8th and 9th in Santa Clara, first-hand ...'
p9
aS"Ixia's Vision ONE and Net Tool Optimizer 7303 Network Visibility Solutions ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, today announced that the company's network visibility solutions - Vision ONE and Net Tool Optimizer 7303 - have achieved certification for inclusion in the ..."
p10
a.