(lp0
S"Why Zep, Inc.'s Shares Popped 21% Today Motley Fool - Apr 8, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.New Mountain Capital buying Zep Inc. for $692 million and taking it private - Atlanta Business ChronicleRobbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Zep, Inc.  by New Mountain Capital LLC ... - PR Newswire "
p1
aS'Sale of Zep Inc. approved by stockholders Atlanta Business Chronicle - Jun 26, 2015 Stockholders at Atlanta-based maintenance and cleaning chemicals maker Zep Inc.  have approved the previously announced $692 million merger with an affiliate of equity firm New Mountain Capital LLC.Zep Inc. Announces Completion of Acquisition by New Mountain Capital - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Zep, Inc.  Announces Several Leadership Changes StreetInsider.com - Feb 4, 2015 Zep, Inc.  announced that it has implemented a series of actions to enhance and accelerate its focus on organic growth.'
p3
aS'Zep Inc. Completes Merger with Amrep, Inc., a Leading Chemical Supplier to the ... Business Wire  - Jan 5, 2010 ATLANTA----Zep Inc. , a leading producer of specialty chemical products for industrial, institutional, and retail companies, today announced that they have acquired Atlanta-based Amrep, Inc. - a leader in maintenance chemicals&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Moody's assigns first time CFR of B3 to Zep Inc.; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Jun 1, 2015 New York, June 01, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service, Inc.  today assigned a first time B3 Corporate Family Rating  to Zep Inc. . Moody's also assigned a B2 rating to Zep's $42.5 million first lien revolving credit facility expiring ..."
p5
aS"Zep Inc. to Acquire Vehicle Care Division of Ecolab Business Wire  - Oct 17, 2012 ATLANTA----Zep Inc. , a leading producer and marketer of a wide range of cleaning and maintenance solutions, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to purchase all of the assets of Ecolab Vehicle&nbsp;...Sale of car-care business seen as sharpening Ecolab's focus - Minneapolis Star TribuneEcolab To Sell Division For $120M; Biz To Stay In MN - Twin Cities Business Magazine"
p6
aS"Zep Inc. Opens World Headquarters In Eagan, Minnesota Area Development Online - Aug 29, 2013 The Zep Vehicle Care team has a proven track record of understanding their customers' needs and delivering solutions that drive revenue and profit for those customers, said John K. Morgan, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Zep Inc ..."
p7
aS'Zep Inc. Introduces Septi-Tabs Septic System Treatment PR Newswire  - Jun 1, 2010 ATLANTA, June 1 /PRNewswire/ -- Homeowners looking for an easier, more environmentally friendly way to prevent septic system problems can now turn to Zep Commercial Septi-Tabs Septic System Treatment. Just one Septi-Tabs treatment in the toilet&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Zep Inc. Promotes Valerie Barney to Vice President and Chief Legal Officer and ... Business Wire  - Sep 26, 2014 ATLANTA----Zep Inc. , a leading consumable chemical packaged goods company that manufactures a wide variety of high-performance maintenance and cleaning chemicals, today announced that it has promoted Valerie&nbsp;...'
p9
aS': Oxygen-Generated Active Odor Control with Continuous Fragrance Business Wire  - Nov 19, 2013 ATLANTA----Zep Inc. , a leading consumable chemical packaged goods company that manufactures a wide variety of high-performance maintenance and cleaning chemicals, today announced that Zep Distribution will launch&nbsp;...'
p10
a.