(lp0
S'Agilent Technologies Hires Samraat Sam Raha to Head Strategy and Corporate ... Yahoo Finance - 9 hours ago Agilent Technologies Inc.,  today announced that Samraat Sam Raha has been named senior vice president of strategy and corporate development, reporting to Agilent President and CEO Mike McMullen.'
p1
aS'Agilent Technologies: Koh Boon Hwee Appointed New Chairman Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc. A recently announced that Koh Boon Hwee will be the new chairman of the board, with immediate effect.Koh Boon Hwee elected as chairman of Agilent Technologies Inc.  board - Benchmark Monitor'
p2
aS"Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS ... The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago Shares of Northern Trust Corporation  dropped -1.46% to $88.68. During the trading on 03/17/2017, Company's stock ranged from $88.58 to $90.27. The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought  and oversold (below&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Agilent Technologies Receives 2017 Scientists' Choice Award for Best Webinar ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc.  has received a 2017 Scientists' Choice Award - Best Webinar Series of the Year - for its Biopharmaceuticals Webinar Series titled Solutions in Biopharmaceutical Discovery and Development, which ran for 10 episodes&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Agilent Technologies, Mobileye, Netflix Times of India - Mar 15, 2017 March 15  - Wall Street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several U.S.-listed companies, including Finisar Corp, Mobileye and Netflix, on Wednesday.Agilent Technologies Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com'
p5
aS'Agilent Technologies Inc  Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Chaffey Breeze - 13 hours ago Agilent Technologies Inc logo Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Agilent Technologies Inc  from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating in a report released on Wednesday morning.'
p6
aS"Agilent Technologies Inc.: Agilent Technologies Board of Directors Elects Koh ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 15, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc.  today announced that Koh Boon Hwee has been elected chairman of the board, effective at the end of today's shareholders' meeting."
p7
aS'Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy on Agilent Technologies ... Market Exclusive - Mar 18, 2017 Agilent Technologies, Inc. provides application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow.Agilent Technologies, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p8
aS"While Performing Well, The Expectations Around Agilent Are High Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 So while I do think Agilent is a good company in the life sciences tools space , it's hard for me to get comfortable with a valuation that already assumes double-digit long-term annualized free cash flow and/or a forward EV/EBITDA ..."
p9
aS'Agilent Technologies Extends Biopharma Portfolio with Advanced Mass Spec System Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc.  introduces the latest addition to its portfolio of solutions for biopharmaceutical labs: the Agilent 6545XT AdvanceBio LC/Q-TOF MS System.'
p10
a.