(lp0
S'Advance Auto Parts Inc. Is on the Right Track Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Did Advance Auto Parts Inc.  just have a good or bad quarter? The 3.1% increase in comparable-store sales, after four straight quarters of declines, certainly suggests the company is starting to generate traction with its turnaround plans.Advance Auto Parts Announces Multi-Year Partnership with the Mexican National Team - Yahoo FinanceAdvance Auto Parts announces the appointment of Jeffrey Shepherd as SVP ... - EPR Retail News '
p1
aS"Has Advance Auto Parts Inc. Turned the Corner? Motley Fool - Nov 22, 2016 Advance Auto Parts Inc.  has certainly found the integration of Carquest stores to be a much-harder job than it originally expected, but the new management team has started off by giving investors what they want.Advance Auto Parts Flies On Poor Results - Seeking AlphaAdvance Auto Parts' Turnaround Is Starting; JPMorgan Adds To Focus List - Benzinga"
p2
aS'Investors are undervaluing Advance Auto Parts Inc  by 23%, here is my ... Simply Wall St - Mar 18, 2017 How far off is Advance Auto Parts  to its intrinsic value? I am going to take a look now by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p3
aS"Advance Auto Parts Inc. Tests Investors' Patience Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 No one said it was going to be easy, but even the most ardent admirers of Advance Auto Parts Inc.  must acknowledge that its ongoing integration of the Carquest and Worldpac stores (acquired in the 2014 purchase of General Parts International ...Building Homes For Heroes Receives $2.1M From Advance Auto Parts And Company's ... - AftermarketNews.com "
p4
aS'Advance Auto Parts Revs Up for Fourth Annual Mobile Tour Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Interactions, the global leader in innovative retail solutions and experiential marketing, and Advance Auto Parts, Inc. , a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider that serves both professional installers and do-it-yourself customers, will ...The Way Analysts See Advance Auto Parts, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p5
aS"Why Shares of Advance Auto Parts Are Soaring 14% Motley Fool - Nov 15, 2016 Shares of Advance Auto Parts , one of America's largest retailers of aftermarket automotive parts and accessories, are jumping 15% in morning trading on Tuesday after the company turned in a better-than-expected third quarter the day before.Advance Auto Parts Jumps After Turnaround Plan Accelerates - Bloomberg"
p6
aS"Wedbush Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Advance Auto Parts, Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised shares of Advance Auto Parts from a market perform rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $180.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th.Stock Returns: Advance Auto Parts Inc  versus O'Reilly Automotive ... - CML NewsThe Wedbush Comments on Advance Auto Parts, Inc.'s Q1 2017 Earnings  - Petro Global News 24"
p7
aS'Advance Auto Parts Needs To Put The Pedal To The Metal In 2017 Benzinga - Feb 22, 2017 Advance Auto Parts, Inc.  reported its fourth-quarter 2016 results with the EPS below the estimate and the metrics missing the guidance.Advance Auto Parts Revenue Boosted by Strong Same-Store Sales - Wall Street Journal Advance Auto Parts  Q4 Earnings Trail Estimates February 21, 2017 - Zacks.com'
p8
aS'Interactions and Advance Auto Parts hit the road this month for two 2017 ... EPR Retail News  - Mar 14, 2017 SAN DIEGO, 2017-Mar-17 - /EPR Retail News/ - Interactions, the global leader in innovative retail solutions and experiential marketing, and Advance Auto Parts, Inc. , a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider that serves both ...'
p9
aS'Advance Auto Parts Growth Plans Fuel Career Opportunities Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. , a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider that serves both professional installer and do it yourself customers, is accelerating growth and plans to open 75 to 85 new stores and a state-of-the-art distribution ...Advance Auto Parts to hire more than 15000 team members in 2017 - EPR Retail News Insider Trading Activity Advance Auto Parts, Inc.   Insider Bought ... - Market Exclusive'
p10
a.