(lp0
S"Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140 -- What's Next? Madison.com - 2 hours ago Apple  stock has seemingly been hitting new highs every week recently. And now the tech giant's stock has passed $140 and is trading just over $141 this week."
p1
aS"After acquiring several firms and new talent, Apple Inc may be looking to ... Financial Post - 12 hours ago Tim Cook has talked up a lot of technologies since becoming Apple Inc.'s chief executive in 2011. Driverless cars. Artificial intelligence.Apple Inc.'s Next Hit Product Could Involve Augmented Reality - StockNews.com Here's How Apple Could Bring Augmented Reality to the iPhone - TIME"
p2
aS'Apple Inc.  Should Address Diversification Concerns to Shore Up AAA ... Smarter Analyst - 6 hours ago Apple Inc.  has been speculated by many to be the next company to hold this perfect credit rating. The technology giant has strong free cash flows, a loyal consumer base, and one of the most impressive balance sheets that I have ever seen.'
p3
aS'Apple Inc. Stock Heading To $155 With iPhone 8: Analyst ValueWalk - 8 hours ago In a research note, Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri said he increased his price target for Apple stock to $155 from $135 due to the expected launch of the iPhone 8 in the fall.Why I Sold Apple Inc.  Stock  - Investorplace.comApple Inc. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS'Apple Is A Top 5 Holding Seeking Alpha - 9 hours ago He pulled out his Apple iPhone. (This was just after the first generation iPhone began to offer 16GB of memory rather than 8GB.'
p5
aS"Apple Inc.  Services Revenue To Take Off, NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA ... Smarter Analyst - 12 hours ago It's a good time to be an investor in Apple Inc.  and NVIDIA Corporation , say analysts from Piper Jaffray and Goldman Sachs."
p6
aS'Apple Inc. , Cisco Systems, Inc.  And Others File ... Journal Transcript - 20 hours ago Apple Inc. , Cisco Systems, Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc.  and Microsoft Corporation  have filed a legal notice in support of Alphabet Inc , which is protesting a government&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Apple Inc.  Gets the Edge With Another Galaxy S8 Leak Investorplace.com - 6 hours ago There's an epic battle brewing for the title of Best Smartphone of 2017. The favorite at this point is Apple Inc.'s  10th-anniversary iPhone 8, due out in September."
p8
aS"Time For Apple Longs To Take Profits? Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 Seeking Alpha contributor Michael Blair argued just that last week , based largely on the stock's current valuation: ... It's understandable to wonder whether Apple's share price has gotten ahead of itself, given its run up year ..."
p9
aS'Apple Inc  Technicals Stock Overbought Live Trading News - 4 hours ago A big white candle occurred. This is generally considered bullish, as prices closed significantly higher than they opened. If the candle appears when prices are low, it may be the first sign of a bottom.'
p10
a.