(lp0
S"Arca Biopharma Inc  Announces The Enrollment Of The Randomized ... Journal Transcript - Mar 8, 2017 Arca Biopharma Inc , announced that 175 patients have been randomized into GENETIC-AF. It's a unique design Phase 2B/3 clinical trial for the evaluation of a new drug - Gencaro (bucindolol hydrochloride, a beta blocker and a mild&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Why Arca Biopharma Is A Buy Seeking Alpha - Jan 14, 2014 Arca Biopharma  is a pre-revenue company that has patents through 2029 covering the drug Gencaro .'
p2
aS'Arca Biopharma Inc  Announces 175th Patient Randomized into the ... Journal Transcript - Mar 7, 2017 Arca Biopharma Inc , a biopharmaceutical company that develops genetically-oriented therapies meant for treatment of cardiovascular diseases has announced randomizing the GENETIC-AF.ARCA Biopharma, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p3
aS'Interview with the COO: ARCA biopharma, Inc.  The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 10, 2017 Thomas A. Keuer is Chief Operating Officer of ARCA biopharma, Inc. Mr. Keuer was appointed to his current position as Chief Operating Officer in December 2014.'
p4
aS'ARCA biopharma Announces 175th Patient Randomized into the GENETIC-AF Phase 2B ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 ARCA biopharma, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company applying a precision medicine approach to developing genetically-targeted therapies for cardiovascular diseases, today announced that the 175th patient has been randomized into GENETIC-AF,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'ARCA biopharma, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Feb 21, 2017 ARCA biopharma, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p6
aS'Patient Randomized into the GENETIC-AF Phase 2B/3 Clinical Trial Business Wire  - Jan 18, 2017 WESTMINSTER, Colo.----ARCA biopharma, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company applying a precision medicine approach to developing genetically-targeted therapies for cardiovascular diseases, today announced that the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Notable Stock of Traders: ARCA biopharma, Inc.'s  stock price finalizes ... WsNews 4investors - 17 hours ago ARCA biopharma, Inc.  stock price distance from twenty day simple moving average surged at 3.17% while its distance from fifty day simple moving average raised 0.40% along with -4.84% below distance from two hundred simple moving averages."
p8
aS'ARCA biopharma Announces Randomization of First European Patients in GENETIC ... Business Wire  - Oct 6, 2016 WESTMINSTER, Colo.----ARCA biopharma, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company applying a precision medicine approach to the development of genetically-targeted therapies for cardiovascular diseases, today announced&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'ARCA biopharma Gains on Fast Track Status for Gencaro Zacks.com - Apr 14, 2015 ARCA biopharma, Inc. shares gained 13.4% after the company announced that it has received Fast Track designation from the FDA for its lead pipeline candidate, Gencaro.'
p10
a.