(lp0
S"ACADIA Pharma Looks Like A Take-Out Target Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 But one company in particular has this San Diegan very interested. The company I'm talking about is ACADIA Pharmaceuticals , and in a field of speculative, pre-FDA-approval pharma companies, ACADIA has potential few others possess."
p1
aS"Don't Be So Sure ACADIA Wants To Sell Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 I have owned for myself and the Clients of Mott Capital Management, LLC shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals  for well over two years now.ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  Has A Problem With Nuplazid - BNL Finance   "
p2
aS'Earnings Reaction History: ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc, 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p3
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc Price Volatility Hits ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at a notable high level.'
p4
aS'The ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment ... Petro Global News 24 - 19 hours ago ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday.ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports PerspectivesBiggest Movers in Healthcare: ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , BioCryst ... - TWN'
p5
aS'ACADIA: A Buyout Remains Most Likely Scenario Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals has surged ahead some 80% over the past year thanks to the FDA approval of Nuplazid, the first drug to be approved for the psychosis associated with Parkinsons.'
p6
aS"Analyst's Predictions on ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Santander ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  have shown a high EPS growth of -40.00% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -43.30% yoy."
p7
aS'Iceberg Ahead With Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  Weak Guidance ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 1, 2017 Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  has Canaccord worried after releasing 2017 financial guidance yesterday morning that came up short of already subdued expectations.'
p8
aS"ACADIA Pharma  Q4 Earnings: What's in Store this Time? Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 The company's track record is dismal. ACADIA has missed estimates in all the trailing four quarters, bringing the average negative earnings surprise to 19.07%."
p9
aS'ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Reports Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines to address unmet medical needs in central nervous system  disorders, today announced its financial&nbsp;...'
p10
a.