(lp0
S"US Treasury releases Atlantic Coast Financial Corp. from financial constraints Florida Times-Union - Mar 31, 2015 In May 2013, Atlantic Coast tried to solve its financial problems by merging with Miami-based Bond Street Holdings Inc., a bank holding company that has since become FCB Financial Holdings Inc. Atlantic Coast's board approved the merger and urged&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Investor Review: Focusing in on Shares of Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  Davidson Register - 13 hours ago Active traders have a wide variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. Presently, the 14-day ATR for Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  is spotted at 0.23. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR ...'
p2
aS"'Boogeyman' investors don't scare Atlantic Coast Bank Jacksonville Business Journal - Sep 4, 2015 PL Capital Group, the firm that purchased a large amount of stock in Atlantic Coast, is known in the industry as professional agitators, investing in small to midsized banks in order to gain sway in the management and strategy of those banks, or ..."
p3
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation Expands Footprint in Florida, Agrees to ... Business Wire  - Nov 20, 2015 JACKSONVILLE, Fla.----Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation , the holding company for Atlantic Coast Bank , today announced that the Company continues to expand its&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'The Atlantic Coast Financial Corp.  Lowered by The Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Mar 18, 2017 Atlantic Coast Financial Corp.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p5
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  Receives Average Recommendation of ... BNB Daily  - Mar 12, 2017 Atlantic Coast Financial Corp logo Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  has been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 1.00  from the one brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Stock Returns: Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus ... - CML News'
p6
aS"Astoria Financial, Atlantic Coast Latest Merger Targets for Pushy Activists TheStreet.com - Aug 19, 2015 based FNB Corp.  for $474 million, the target's activist investors, PL Capital LLC and Basswood Capital Management LLC, are taking aim at two more banks."
p7
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation Re-Elects Dave Bhasin and John J. Dolan Business Wire  - May 23, 2016 JACKSONVILLE, Fla.----Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  , the holding company for Atlantic Coast Bank , today reported on its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus Southern Missouri Bancorp Inc  .'
p9
aS"Frankland resigning from Atlantic Coast Financial Jacksonville Daily Record - Jun 21, 2013 Atlantic Coast Financial's board voted 7-2 in February to accept a buyout offer from Bond Street Holdings Inc. for $5 a share."
p10
a.