(lp0
S"Why has Acorn Minerals tripled? Interactive Investor - Sep 19, 2014 Wonder why Acorn Minerals'  share price is up 152% on Friday? So did we, which is why we got in touch with the company's financial advisor Shore Capital ."
p1
aS'Wales Top 300 - search our list of the largest companies in Wales over the ... WalesOnline - Dec 16, 2015 Prof Morgan added: &quot;The biggest influence on regional growth in the medium term comes from the large number of existing firms who have been in production for many years and are focused on increasing their market share.'
p2
aS"Investment trust bargain hunter: discounts rise on income trusts yielding up to 6% Money Observer - Nov 3, 2016 Our investment trust bargain hunter series has highlighted various opportunities, including TR European Growth and Acorn Income. But there's a new discount play in town that has opened up, in the UK equity income sector. Discounts have widened in ..."
p3
aS"Bargain hunter: Discounts rise on big-yield income trusts Interactive Investor - Nov 7, 2016 Our investment trust bargain hunter series has highlighted various opportunities, including TR European Growth  and Acorn Income . But there's a new discount play in town that has opened up, in the UK equity income sector. Discounts have&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Investment Trust Watch: bag a 'Brexit' bargain Citywire.co.uk - Jun 24, 2016 Conversely, the second table of 'dearer' trusts shows trusts which have either moved from a discount to a premium, like Jupiter UK Growth ; or whose discounts have reduced, such as Majedie . It is important to bear in mind with the second&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'The year ahead Investors Chronicle - Jan 13, 2017 Whilst both the Growth and Income portfolios made positive returns over 2016, both were behind their benchmarks - the second year since their inception in 2009.'
p6
aS'Recruitment drive at Acorn Stairlifts Insider Media - Jun 2, 2016 Acorn Stairlifts is embarking on a recruitment drive as it looks to fill almost 60 vacancies at its Steeton headquarters. Founded in 1992, the business employs more than 800 staff in the UK alone and exports to about 80 countries worldwide, turning ...'
p7
aS"Investor Views: I've Built a Million Pound ISA Portfolio Investing in Smaller ... Morningstar - Jun 15, 2016 He also invests in a number of smaller company investment trusts, such as Acorn Investment Fund . This trust - which is not rated by Morningstar - has delivered returns of 18% over the past five years, and currently sits on a 0.9% discount."
p8
aS'Investors are missing out by overlooking small investment trusts Fund Strategy - Oct 7, 2016 As a result of wealth manager consolidation and the growth of centralised buy lists, many smaller investment trusts are being overlooked by fund buyers.'
p9
aS"What Investment Trust 2016 Award winners revealed What Investment - Jun 1, 2016 Alex Blake, client manager for Baillie Gifford Shin Nippon Investment Trust told What Investment, 'Shin Nippon has performed very well over the last five years as a result of the managers' focus on investing in young, high growth companies run by ..."
p10
a.