(lp0
S'Acorda Therapeutics up 7% on patent ruling Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Update: Hedge fund honcho Kyle Bass was the challenger through his Coalition for Affordable Drugs. The USPTO ruled that the information he used to support his petition was not publicly available so it could not be used to invalidate the patents.Acorda Therapeutics Higher Off Favorable Patent Ruling Related To Ampyra - BenzingaAcorda Therapeutics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Why Acorda Therapeutics Stock Is Jumping Today Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 As of 10:47 a.m. EST Thursday, shares of specialty pharmaceutical company Acorda Therapeutics  were up by more than 15%.JP Morgan Provides Thoughts On Acorda Therapeutics Inc  - Smarter AnalystAcorda Therapeutics  Phase 3 Trial CVT-30 Shows Statistically ... - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'Acorda Therapeutics Can Deliver Sustained Growth Seeking Alpha - Aug 24, 2016 Acorda Therapeutics  is a small biotech  that markets three products for patients suffering from the effects of multiple sclerosis , spinal cord injury , stroke, and neuropathic pain .'
p3
aS"Acorda Up, But Patent Battle Looms Seeking Alpha - Feb 13, 2017 Positive phase III results for Acorda's  inhaled levodopa CVT-301 sent the company's stock up 21% yesterday but, with its multiple sclerosis therapy Ampyra facing two patent decisions this quarter, sales of Acorda's biggest earner could ...Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  could bounce on good earnings data out ... - FinancialsTrendFeatured Stock to Focus: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  - HugoPress"
p4
aS'Acorda Therapeutics  Jumps: Stock Adds 6.5% in Session Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR was a big mover last session, as its shares rose above 6% on the day. The move came after the United States Patent and Trademark Office  Patent Trials and Appeal Board  upheld all four patents challenged&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'The Acorda Therapeutics Inc  Upgraded to Strong-Buy by Vetr Inc. Petro Global News 24 - 6 hours ago Vetr upgraded shares of Acorda Therapeutics Inc  from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating in a research note released on Tuesday.Analyst Advice And Earnings Insight: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. , Imperva ... - Post AnalystNoticeable Stocks at -Acorda Therapeutics Inc , Atlas Energy ... - Daily News Journal'
p6
aS"Acorda Therapeutics plummets as much as 13% on failed trial, discontinued drug ... MarketWatch - Nov 21, 2016 Acorda Therapeutics Inc. shares dropped as much as 13.2% in pre-market trade Monday after the company said it was discontinuing development of its drug intended for post-stroke walking difficulties after a clinical trial failure.Acorda Therapeutics: Punished By A Small Disappointment - Barron's Stock Update : Here's Why Acorda Therapeutics Inc Shares Are ... - Smarter Analyst"
p7
aS'UPDATE: Goldman Sachs Upgrades Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  to Neutral StreetInsider.com - Feb 15, 2017 Goldman Sachs upgraded Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  from Conviction Sell to Neutral. Analyst Salveen Richter comments &quot;Our Sell thesis was based on Ampyra IP challenges resulting in an overhang on ACOR shares, plateauing sales and&nbsp;...Generic Competitors A Looming Threat For Acorda Therapeutics Inc  - Market ExclusiveAcorda Therapeutics Inc  Upgraded to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'Catherine D. Strader, Ph.D., Joins Acorda Therapeutics Board of Directors Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  today announced that Catherine D. Strader, Ph.D., has joined its board of directors, effective February 17.Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  Given a $22.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald - Chaffey BreezeCowen and Company Reiterates $60.00 Price Target for Acorda Therapeutics, Inc ... - Community Financial News'
p9
aS"Acorda Therapeutics Has Significant Upside From Its Current Stock Price Seeking Alpha - Jul 7, 2016 Acorda Therapeutics  is a central nervous system  focused emerging biopharmaceutical company. The company's pipeline includes products targeted at areas of unmet need like OFF symptoms of Parkinson's disease ,&nbsp;..."
p10
a.