(lp0
S'UPDATE 2-Distressed audio-chip maker Audience sells itself to Knowles Reuters - Apr 30, 2015 April 30 Audio-chip maker Audience Inc, which has struggled since losing Apple Inc as its No. 1 customer in 2012, agreed to a distress sale to hearing-aid component maker Knowles Corp in a cash-and-stock deal valued at $85 million.Knowles to Acquire Audience - Business Wire Knowles  to Acquire Audience  in ~$129M Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'Knowles Buys Audience for $85 Million EE Times - May 5, 2015 LONDON - MEMS microphone supplier Knowles Corp.  has agreed to acquire Audience Inc. (Mountain View, Calif.'
p2
aS'Knowles Completes Acquisition of Audience, Inc. Business Wire  - Jul 1, 2015 ITASCA, Ill.----Knowles Corporation , a market leader and global supplier of advanced micro-acoustic solutions and specialty components, today announced the successful completion of its cash and stock tender offer for all the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Cardinal Cupich tells national TV audience: Church 'stands with' immigrants Chicago Tribune - 6 hours ago Speaking to Chicago Inc. on Monday, the cardinal said it was important for him to speak to worshippers in &quot;their language of prayer."
p4
aS'Audience, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Jan 29, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Audience, Inc.  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Thursday 23rd of February state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy, 0 ...'
p5
aS"Is Snapchat Hollywood's gateway to millennials? Studios covet its highly ... South China Morning Post - Mar 8, 2017 Snapchat is an attractive platform to work with because they have a very engaged audience, says Doug Neil, Universal's executive vice-president of digital marketing.Will the Stars Align for Snap Inc? - Motley Fool"
p6
aS'BRIEF-Music Audience Exchange Inc raises about $6 mln in equity financing Reuters - Feb 24, 2017 BRIEF-Music Audience Exchange Inc raises about $6 mln in equity financing. Feb 24 Music Audience Exchange Inc: * Music Audience Exchange Inc says has raised about $6 million in equity financing - SEC filing Source text . Next In Market&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Cond Nast suffers biggest audience decline as magazine market drops 6% CampaignLive - Feb 9, 2017 Nicholas Coleridge, managing director of Cond Nast Britain, said: &quot;For the sixth period in succession, we see the luxury print sector holding pleasingly steady, at a time when our digital audience is growing exponentially.&quot; Time Inc fared almost as ...'
p8
aS'Netflix, Amazon Take Divergent Paths to Reach Indian Audience Wall Street Journal - Oct 31, 2016 As Amazon.com Inc. and Netflix Inc. look to build up in India amid a global expansion, they are following two diverging scripts.'
p9
aS'Audience, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight UK Market News - Mar 7, 2017 05/04/2015 - Audience, Inc. had its neutral rating reiterated by analysts at Credit Suisse. They now have a USD 5 price target on the stock.'
p10
a.