(lp0
S'Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and QLT Inc. Complete Merger Transaction; QLT ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 29, 2016 CAMBRIDGE, Mass. and VANCOUVER, B.C., Nov. 29, 2016  -- Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   and QLT Inc.    today announced the completion of their merger transaction,&nbsp;...Aegerion Pharma , QLT, Inc.  Announce Completion of Merger; Name ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS"Aegerion Pharmaceuticals to merge with Canadian drug maker The Boston Globe - Jun 15, 2016 QLT Inc. agreed to acquire Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Inc. of Cambridge and create a new company backed with fresh capital from investors, a deal that will boost struggling Aegerion and help QLT bring experimental drugs to market.Aegerion Pharmaceuticals'  CEO Mary Szela on QLT Inc. Strategic Merger ... - Seeking AlphaQLT Inc. , Aegerion Pharma  Enter Strategic Merger Agreement - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS'Why Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stock Collapsed in October Motley Fool - Nov 6, 2014 What: Shares of Aegerion Pharmaceuticals , a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs to treat rare diseases, collapsed in October and lost 40% of their value, based on data from S&amp;P Capital IQ, after the company reported&nbsp;...Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Acquires Myalept From AstraZeneca - GlobeNewswire AstraZeneca Sells Myalept to Aegerion for $325 Million Upfront - TheStreet.com'
p3
aS"Why Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Is Crashing Today Motley Fool - Nov 10, 2015 What: After reporting third quarter financials and indicating that new competitors were impacting prescription volume trends, shares in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals  have tumbled 23% so far today. So what: Investors ... Those trends shouldn't ...Aegerion Tops Q3 Earnings, Revenues, PCSK9s Hit Juxtapid - Zacks.com"
p4
aS'Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Appoints Remi Menes as Chief Commercial Officer GlobeNewswire  - Sep 20, 2016 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sept. 20, 2016  -- Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative therapies for patients with debilitating rare&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Aegerion Pharmaceuticals'  CEO Mary Szela on QLT Inc. Strategic Merger ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 30, 2016 This afternoon, we announced the completion of the merger, between Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, a company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapies for rare disease and QLT, an Ophthalmic Biotechnology company based&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Lost a Third of Its Value in November: Time to Buy? Motley Fool - Dec 9, 2015 What: Aegerion Pharmaceuticals , a small-cap biopharma developing treatments for rare diseases, saw its shares slip another 33% last month, according to data provided by S&amp;P Capital IQ.'
p7
aS'Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2016 03, 2016  -- Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative therapies for patients with debilitating rare diseases, announced its&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'QLT, Inc.  Shareholders Approve Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Merger StreetInsider.com - Nov 8, 2016 QLT Inc.  announced certain matters relating to the previously announced transactions contemplated in connection with an agreement and plan of merger dated as of June 14, 2016 involving QLT and Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'
p9
aS"Aegerion Pharmaceuticals' JUXTAPID  Capsules Approved in Japan ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 28, 2016 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sept. 28, 2016  -- Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative therapies for patients with debilitating rare&nbsp;..."
p10
a.