(lp0
S"Public Companies: American Equity Investment Life Holding Co. Business Record - Jan 13, 2017 Company officials say the new rule doesn't work well with the independent distribution model through which American Equity's fixed index annuities are sold. However, it can sell traditional fixed annuities without the index component, which will enable ..."
p1
aS'BRIEF-American Equity Investment Life Holding Q4 earnings per share $1.35 Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 BRIEF-American Equity Investment Life Holding Q4 earnings per share $1.35. Feb 8 American Equity Investment Life Holding Co : * American equity reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 results. * Q4 non-GAAP operating earnings per share $0.63.'
p2
aS'Why American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2016 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company is one of the largest sellers of indexed annuities. Under the new rules, conflicts of interests between brokers and annuity buyers will have to be disclosed to the customer, which could put a dent in ...US Targets Indexed Annuities in Obama Retirement Rules - Bloomberg'
p3
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina on Q3 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss third quarter 2016 earnings."
p4
aS'Common Share Dividend Yield of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company ... Energy Index - Mar 15, 2017 The dividend growth rate of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 15.25% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.93.American Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Broker Price ... - Fiscal StandardPrice-to-Earnings-Growth Ratio Of American Equity Investment Life Holding ... - Equities Focus'
p5
aS'Why Harley-Davidson, American Equity Investment Life, and MTS Systems Slumped ... Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2016 Yet even though overall markets fared reasonably well, some companies still struggled, and American Equity Investment Life , MTS Systems , and Harley-Davidson  were among the relatively few big losers on the day ...'
p6
aS'American Equity to Present at Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company , a leading issuer of fixed index annuities, today announced that John Matovina, Chief Executive Officer and Ted Johnson, Chief Financial Officer, will be presenting at the Raymond James 38th Annual&nbsp;...The American Equity Investment Life Holding  Receives $23.86 Average ... - DailyQuint'
p7
aS'American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Mourns the Death of Board ... Business Wire  - Jan 10, 2017 WEST DES MOINES, Iowa----American Equity Investment Life Holding Company , a leading issuer of fixed index annuities, is sad to announce that Harley A. Whitfield, Sr.'
p8
aS"Sell-side is Weighing in on American Equity Investment Life Holding Company ... Aiken Advocate - 12 hours ago Investors and analysts will be paying close attention when the company posts earnings results. Earnings numbers can provide insight into a company's overall profitability."
p9
aS'American Equity Investment Life Holding  Position Maintained by State ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 18, 2017 American Equity Investment Life Holding logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System continued to hold its stake in shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent&nbsp;...American Equity Investment Life Holding - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For American Equity Investment Life Holding ... - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.