(lp0
S'Why Did American Eagle Outfitters Fall After Its Q4 Earnings? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters  shares fell nearly 10% on March 1 after the apparel retailer posted a mixed fourth quarter earnings report.American Eagle Outfitters  PT Lowered to $15 at Oppenheimer Following ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS"Why American Eagle Outfitters Shares Got Cut Today Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters  stock fell as much as 12% during the trading day today after the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 disappointed the market, with below-expected earnings and weak same-store sales guidance for Q1 2017.American Eagle Outfitters'  CEO Jay Schottenstein on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking AlphaAmerican Eagle Outfitters Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"American Eagle Outfitters Fails to Impress GuruFocus.com - Mar 17, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters Inc.  is a leading global specialty retailer with more than 1,000 stores in the United States, Canada, Mexico, China, Hong Kong and the United Kingdom.American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalAverage Brokerage Rating Of CONSOL Energy Inc. , American Eagle ... - The USA Commerce"
p3
aS"BRIEF-American Eagle Outfitters declares regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 ... Reuters - Mar 8, 2017 BERLIN, March 9 U.S. President Donald Trump's January travel ban had a significant impact on booking rates to the United States for Emirates airline and it has not yet fully recovered, the carrier's president said on Thursday."
p4
aS"BRIEF-American Eagle Outfitters reports Q4 earnings per share $0.30 Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 SANTIAGO, March 11 The striking union at BHP Billiton's Escondida copper mine in Chile, the world's largest, said on Saturday it will not accept the company's offer to return to the negotiating table, and called on BHP to clarify its negotiating positions."
p5
aS'American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. : Getting Technical With The Stock USA Commerce Daily - 10 hours ago With all other things going on, American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -14.89 percent in just three months.'
p6
aS"For American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. , The Evidence Is In The Technical Chart NY Stock News - 15 hours ago American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.Active Volume Stock: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - HugoPressRunning Mover to Focus: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.'s  stock price is ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p7
aS'Nonprofit/Cause-related Campaign, Winner: Aerie by American Eagle Outfitters DMN - Mar 2, 2017 As part of its ongoing commitment to driving body positive messaging to young women, Aerie partners with the National Eating Disorders Association .'
p8
aS"Apparel Stores Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Gap, American Eagle Outfitters ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 This morning, Stock-Callers.com tracks the current performances of The Gap Inc. , American Eagle Outfitters Inc. , Ascena Retail Group Inc. , and Nordstrom Inc. ."
p9
aS'Trading Sheet: Watching the Numbers for American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 14 hours ago Tracking shares of American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 2603946. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.'
p10
a.