(lp0
S'Investor View: Looking at Shares of Advanced Environmental Recycling ... Baxter Review - 8 hours ago Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.441604. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p1
aS'AERT, Inc. To Be Acquired by Oldcastle Architectural, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 SPRINGDALE, AR / ACCESSWIRE / March 17, 2017 / Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc.  announced that on March 16, 2017, it entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Oldcastle Architectural, Inc. for total cash&nbsp;...Oldcastle Architectural acquires deck profile maker AERT - Plastics NewsAERT Announces 2016 Year End Results - Baystreet.ca'
p2
aS'Global Decking Market 2016-2020: Key Vendors are Advanced Environmental ... Business Wire  - Jan 3, 2017 Global Decking Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years.'
p3
aS'Global Plastic Bottle Recycling Market 2017  Advanced Environmental Recycling ... First Newshawk - Feb 22, 2017 Global Plastic Bottle Recycling Market Report 2017 offers comprehensive research study on the current scenario of the Plastic Bottle Recycling market globally, offering a primary overview of Plastic Bottle Recycling market, consisting of definitions,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"HIG Capital Closes the Restructuring of Advanced Environmental Recycling ... Business Wire  - Nov 9, 2011 BOSTON, Mass.----H.I.G. Capital completed a financial recapitalization of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. , providing new debt and equity capital to the Company. H.I.G. has become the Company's largest&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"CRH Buys US Plastic And Fibre Waste Recycling Firm For USD117 Million London South East   - 21 hours ago LONDON  - CRH PLC's US subsidiary Oldcastle Architectural Inc agreed to buy Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies Inc for USD117 million in cash, AERT said on Friday. AERT converts reclaimed plastic and wood fibre waste&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Study forecasts increase in plastic bottle recycling Recycling Today - Jun 30, 2015 These prominent vendors include Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Avangard Innovative, Phoenix Technologies International, UltrePET, CarbonLITE, Complete Recycling, ECO2 Plastics, Evergreen Plastics, National Recycling Technologies&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"CRH set for 1bn spend Irish Examiner - 5 hours ago That 500m spend has already been added to, with US-based composite building materials manufacturer Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies  reporting that it has signed an agreement to be acquired by CRH's US subsidiary, Oldcastle&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"WINNERS &amp; LOSERS SUMMARY: Hansteen Rises After European Portfolio Sale London South East   - 19 hours ago The Irish building materials firm's US subsidiary Oldcastle Architectural agreed to buy Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies for USD117 million in cash, AERT said on Friday. AERT converts reclaimed plastic and wood fibre waste into quality&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Deck makers tout material advances in quest for more market share Plastics News - Sep 8, 2016 Founded in 1989 in Springdale, Ark., Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies Inc. is getting ready to launch a new product with what it calls cool deck technology.'
p10
a.