(lp0
S'Afri-Can Marine Announces Positive Pre-Feasibility Study on Mining Lease 111 ... Marketwired  - Jan 23, 2014 MONTREAL, QUEBEC-- - Afri-Can Marine Minerals Corporation   has completed a preliminary study of the feasibility of resuming mining during 2014 on Mining Lease  111 situated off the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"African Marine Solutions Group  aquires the business of Smit Amandla Marine Creamer Media's Engineering News - Dec 1, 2016 Dr Iraj Abedian, the CEO of Pan-African Capital Holdings, underscores this point: In identifying the synergy that consortium partners have in terms of a commitment to sound corporate governance principles, transformation, regional growth and value ..."
p2
aS"WINNERS &amp; LOSERS SUMMARY: Hansteen Rises After European Portfolio Sale London South East   - 18 hours ago Bushveld's 45% owned subsidiary Bushveld Vametco has been working to complete its deal to buy a 78.8% stake in Strategic Minerals Corp from Evraz Group SA, the South African arm of London-listed Evraz. Bushveld inked an agreement with Wogen to market ..."
p3
aS"African states wary of potential repeal of 'conflict minerals' rule defenceWeb - Feb 15, 2017 Sources told Reuters last week that Trump planned to issue a directive targeting a Dodd-Frank rule that requires companies to disclose whether their products contain minerals from war-torn parts of Africa, including Democratic Republic of Congo ."
p4
aS"Today's Market View - Anglo American, Coal of Africa Limited, European Metals ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 16, 2017 Volcan should rank just behind the South African Public Investment Corporation which holds 15% of Anglo and The deal will give the Agarwal family an interesting and potentially influential position over the company."
p5
aS'Seabed prospecting undermines blue economy Namibian - Nov 18, 2016 THE South African government has identified the marine economy as a much-needed growth area in a stagnant economy, but ambitious development plans are being undermined by proposed seabed strip mining off the western and southern shores.'
p6
aS'Africa and Shipping  A Mutually Benefiting Cooperation MarineLink - Nov 24, 2016 The blue economy offers a lot of opportunities, and close cooperation between EU and African institutions and stakeholders is vital.'
p7
aS"$700 million African bauxite mine contract awarded to Fluor Mining Global - Feb 9, 2017 Fluor Corporation, one of the world's largest publicly traded engineering, procurement, construction , maintenance, and project management companies, has announced that it has been awarded an engineering and program management consultancy contract ..."
p8
aS'Premier African Minerals investment upbeat on updated resource DIGITALLOOK - Feb 10, 2017 Mining, exploration and production company Premier African Minerals announced on Friday that Circum Minerals, in which Premier holds two million shares - equivalent to an interest of approximately 2% - had posted an updated presentation on its website.'
p9
aS"Rio Tinto's West African Bet Comes Back to Haunt It Wall Street Journal - Nov 17, 2016 Early Thursday in Australia, Rio Tinto said it had ended the contracts of energy and minerals chief executive Alan Davies and legal and regulatory affairs group executive Debra Valentine.Sacked Rio Tinto exec hits back over Guinea bribery scandal - Telegraph.co.ukRio Tinto terminates Davies' contract - Mining Review"
p10
a.