(lp0
S'Almost Family beats estimates for 4Q earnings; continues to look for acquisitions Louisville Business First - Mar 8, 2017 Louisville-based home health provider Almost Family Inc.  beat fourth-quarter adjusted earnings per share estimates but missed estimates for quarterly and annual revenue.The Almost Family Inc  to Release Earnings on Tuesday - DailyQuint'
p1
aS'Almost Family, Inc. to Report Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 3, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 03, 2017  -- Almost Family, Inc. , a leading regional provider of home health nursing and personal care services, announced today that it will report financial results for its fourth quarter and full ...'
p2
aS'Almost Family grows with another acquisition Louisville Business First - Jan 3, 2017 Louisville Business First reported in October that Louisville-based Almost Family , a home health nursing and personal care services provider, had reached a $128 million deal to buy an 80 percent stake in CHS Home Health, a subsidiary of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Almost Family Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Mar 7, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 07, 2017  -- Almost Family, Inc. , a leading regional provider of home health nursing and personal care services, announced today its financial results for the quarter and full year ended December&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Almost Family inks $128M acquisition deal Louisville Business First - Oct 31, 2016 Under terms of the deal, Almost Family will buy an 80 percent stake in the subsidiary of CHS , a Franklin,Tenn.-based hospital giant.'
p5
aS'Price Alert: Almost Family Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - 13 hours ago Price Alert: Almost Family Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p6
aS'The Almost Family Inc  Given Outperform Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Petro Global News 24 - 15 hours ago Royal Bank of Canada reissued their outperform rating on shares of Almost Family Inc  in a research report report published on Thursday.Royal Bank of Canada Increases Almost Family Inc  Price Target to $56.00 - Sports PerspectivesAlmost Family Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p7
aS"Almost Family Deal Forms Largest Hospital, Home Health Joint Venture Home Health Care News - Oct 17, 2016 The result will be the biggest public hospital-home health joint venture in the nation, the companies announced Monday. Almost Family  will acquire an 80% equity interest the home health business of Community Health Systems &nbsp;...How a $128M home health deal could impact St. Petersburg's biggest hospital - Tampa Bay Business Journal"
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Almost Family Inc  versus BioScrip Inc  CML News - Mar 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Almost Family Inc  versus BioScrip Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS"Option Market: Almost Family Inc Risk Hits An Inflection Point CML News - Feb 26, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Almost Family Inc (NASDAQ ..."
p10
a.