(lp0
S'Why Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. Stock Jumped 25% in February Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Shares of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  skyrocketed 25% in the month of February, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the chickencentric fast-food chain announced it will be acquired by Burger King and Tim&nbsp;...What Type of Consensus Views Analysts Say about Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc ... - Hot Stocks PointThe Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP - DailyQuint'
p1
aS"Why Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 More specifically, Restaurant Brands International will acquire Popeyes for $79.00 per share in cash, or roughly $1.8 billion.'Just getting started': Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc acquisition may not be ... - Financial PostPopeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  Has Jumped To A New High After Merger - Nasdaq"
p2
aS'Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Receives $59.21 Average PT from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - 16 hours ago Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen logo Shares of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  have been given an average recommendation of Hold by the twelve research firms that are covering the firm.'
p3
aS"Cheryl Bachelder to Step Down as CEO of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Upon ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.  today announced that Cheryl Bachelder will be stepping down as CEO at the closing of the Company's previously announced transaction with Restaurant Brands International Inc.  .Popeyes CEO Cheryl Bachelder to Step Aside After Takeover - Wall Street Journal Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.  Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS'Restaurant Brands International Inc. Makes a Genius Acquisition in Popeyes ... The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 23, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Inc.  soared 7.05% on Tuesday following news that the company will be acquiring fried chicken fast-food chain Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  for US$1.7 billion in cash. I believe the&nbsp;...Popeyes deal may be small, but it can still be meaningful for Restaurant Brands - Financial PostRestaurant Brands International Was Right About Popeyes - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS'BRIEF-Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen says CEO Bachelder to step down Reuters - Mar 2, 2017 March 2 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc: * Cheryl Bachelder to step down as CEO of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Upon closing of transaction with restaurant brands international inc. * Says CEO Cheryl Bachelder resigned Source text for Eikon: Further&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Popeyes takeover deal may come this week Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 A deal to acquire Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen  could be announced as early as this week, according to Reuters, as Restaurant Brands  looks to take over the fried-chicken chain.'
p7
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Monteverde &amp; Associates PC Announces an Investigation of ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 NEW YORK, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Juan Monteverde, founder and managing partner at Monteverde &amp; Associates PC, a boutique securities firm headquartered at the Empire State Building in New York City, is investigating Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 The securities litigation law firm of Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation, has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of state law by the Board of Directors of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. (PLKI ...'
p9
aS'Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP BNB Daily  - Mar 19, 2017 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen logo Dimensional Fund Advisors LP reduced its stake in shares of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  by 0.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission&nbsp;...Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Short Interest Update - The Cerbat GemPopeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Broker Price Targets For The ... - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.