(lp0
S"236.95 Yahoo Finance - Apr 10, 2014 As we've reported ad infinitum this week, Bill Ackman's Pershing Square finally bailed on its position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International --and taking a loss said to be between $2.8 billion and $4 billion in the process."
p1
aS'Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Heffx Trading Outlook Live Trading News - Feb 14, 2017 During the past 10 bars, there have been 8 white candles and 2 black candles for a net of 6 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 30 white candles and 20 black candles for a net of 10 white candles.'
p2
aS"Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Collapses On Treasury Ruling, Analysts React ValueWalk - Apr 5, 2016 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  collapsed on the Treasury ruling as we reported late Monday. Shares of Allergan are down about 19 percent in pre-market trading as investors question whether the Pfizer deal will go through.Wednesday's Vital Data: Pfizer Inc. , Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (AGN ... - Investorplace.comUS Stocks Buzzers: Pfizer Inc. , Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  - News Oracle"
p3
aS'Analysts Rating Stocks to Track: Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE:AGN ... Daily News Journal - 15 hours ago On Friday, Shares of Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  lost -0.85% to $237.38. The share price is trading in a range of $237.23 - 240.40.Share Price Allergan plc.  Compared to Index - Energy Index'
p4
aS'Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Gets FDA Approval For Its JUVEDERM ... Stock Market Daily - 15 hours ago Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  disclosed Monday that the FDA has granted approval for marketing its JUVEDERM VOLLURE XC meant for correction of moderate to several facial wrinkles and folds.'
p5
aS"Why Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Are Worth Watching Today? Stock Market Daily - Mar 8, 2017 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  shares are trading higher in pre-market trading. Investors reaction follow the company's announcement that its supplemental New Drug Application  for VRAYLAR  has been accepted by the FDA.2 Movers of Yesterday Great Basin Scientific Inc , Allergan plc ... - Daily News Journal "
p6
aS"Two Speculative NASH Allocations Post Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE:AGN ... Market Exclusive - Sep 23, 2016 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  just announced its buyout of junior biotech , and market response has been huge. The former is paying six times valuation multiple for the latter, and could end up paying a lot more if Tobira's lead assets make ...Will Allergan plc  M&amp;A Spree be Helpful in Future Growth? - Smrt Stck Nws"
p7
aS"Is Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Snapping Out of It? Investorplace.com - Dec 29, 2016 Allergan's long-term downtrend might be a thing of the past. AGN stock is making a serious run at a reversal. Dec 29, 2016, 2:52 pm EDT | By Matt McCall, Editor, FUTR Stocks and ETF Bulletin.Analyst Views on Price Target: Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  - Post Registrar"
p8
aS'Allergan Is Buying ZELTIQ Aesthetics For $2.5 Billion StockNews.com  - Feb 13, 2017 Pharma giant Allergan plc  is adding another line of cosmetic treatments to its portfolio, today announcing that it will acquire body contouring specialist ZELTIQ Aesthetics for nearly $2.5 billion in cash.Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc  Stock Soars on$2.5B Allergan  Deal - Investorplace.comAllergan plc Ordinary Shares  Shares Are Reiterated With A Buy Rating - Stock Market Daily'
p9
aS'Food And Drug Administration Accepts Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE:AGN ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  has announced that an application to have new clinical data for Vraylar evaluated has been accepted by the Food and Drug Administration of the United States.'
p10
a.