(lp0
S"AAR Corp. begins hiring mechanics at Rockford jet repair hub Rockford Register Star - Oct 21, 2016 AAR Corp. has posted 18 jobs on its website for the Rockford maintenance, repair and overhaul or MRO, as it's known in aviation parlance."
p1
aS"A primer on Rockford's new jet repair hub and AAR Corp. Rockford Register Star - Jul 14, 2016 ROCKFORD - Education was the key to Rockford's courtship of AAR Corp., a global leader in the jet service and repair industry and the new kid on the block, so to speak, of the region's aerospace and aviation cluster.AAR Corp. taps Rock Valley College grads for MRO jobs - Rockford Register Star"
p2
aS"Want a job? AAR Corp. to host fair for aviation mechanics at new Rockford jet ... Rockford Register Star - Nov 11, 2016 ROCKFORD - AAR Corp. will hire hundreds of aircraft mechanics and support personnel at the new Rockford jet repair hub in the months ahead, and company representatives hope to find many prospective hires at a job fair they'll host at the airport ..."
p3
aS'AAR Corp. - Potential Recovery Within Expeditionary Services And Organic ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 AAR Corp. reported relatively strong fourth quarter results, and predicts further growth in the coming year. While earnings are expected to show further gains, predicted margin gains are modest following continued pressure in the expeditionary service&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'The Zacks: AAR Corp.  Receives Average Recommendation of  from Brokerages Petro Global News 24 - 21 hours ago Shares of AAR Corp.  have earned an average broker rating score of 0.00  from the two analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.AAR Corp.  to Release Earnings on Tuesday - The Cerbat GemPast Quarters Earnings Report for AAR Corp.  - FactsReporter'
p5
aS'NAC sends one-million-dollar commitment fee to AAR Corp Himalayan Times - Feb 17, 2017 Nepal Airlines Corporation  has sent $1 million as commitment fee to AAR Corporation - supplier of the two wide-body Airbus aircraft.'
p6
aS'AAR Corp.  Wins SAAT Contract Valued Up to $125M StreetInsider.com - Oct 6, 2016 AAR  has signed a five-year agreement to provide power-by-the-hour  component inventory management and repair services to South African Airways Technical  Ltd.'
p7
aS'AAR Corp.  Announces Acquisition of Mobile Shelter Maker SPACEMAX StreetInsider.com - Jul 13, 2016 SPACEMAX shelters add another option for customers of AAR Mobility Systems, whose wide range of encampment solutions is customizable to mission demands.'
p8
aS'AAR Corp.  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday BNB Daily  - Mar 19, 2017 AAR Corp. logo AAR Corp.  is set to release its earnings data after the market closes on Tuesday, March 21st.The Public Sector Pension Investment Board Holds Position in AAR Corp.  - Petro Global News 24AAR Corp.  Given $40.50 Average Price Target by Brokerages - Chaffey Breeze'
p9
aS'Option Trading: AAR Corp.  Powerful Long Put Spreads to Outperform ... CML News - 17 hours ago We find a very powerful outcome examining long put spreads for AAR Corp. when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p10
a.