(lp0
S'Alaska Air Group February Traffic and Capacity Increase Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 Alaska Air Group Inc.  witnessed a 1.7% rise in traffic in the month of February from a year ago. Traffic - measured in revenue passenger miles  - came in at 3.5 billion, up from 3.4 billion recorded in Feb 2016.'
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Imperial Capital Reiterates In-Line on Alaska Air Group ... Market Exclusive - 4 hours ago On 2/8/2017 Alaska Air Group announced a quarterly dividend of $0.30 1.23% with an ex dividend date of 2/16/2017 which will be payable on 3/9/2017.Stock Returns: Alaska Air Group Inc  is Beating United Continental ... - CML NewsAnalyst Advice And Earnings Insight: Alaska Air Group, Inc. , Northern ... - Post Analyst'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Alaska Air Group Inc says expects consolidated nonoperating expense of ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 BRIEF-Vermillion say co, unit entered amendment No. 2 to testing, services agreement with Quest Diagnostics effective March 11, 2017.'
p3
aS'Alaska Air Group Combined Feb. Traffic Up 1.7% - Quick Facts Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017  - Alaska Air Group Inc.  announced that, on a combined basis for all operations, Air Group reported a 1.7 percent increase in traffic on a 1.2 percent increase in capacity compared to February 2016.Is It Time to go for Alaska Air Group, Inc. , Foot Locker, Inc. ? - StockNewsJournalOption Market: Alaska Air Group Inc Risk Hits A Substantially Lowered Level - CML News'
p4
aS"Why Alaska Air Group, Inc. Stock  Deserves a Place in Your Portfolio Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 Seattle, WA based Alaska Air Group, Inc.  has lately been the shining star of the airline industry. Shares of the carrier gained 47% over the last six months, comfortably outperforming the Zacks categorized Transportation- Airline industry, which ...Insider Trading Activity Alaska Air Group, Inc.   VP Sold 16781 ... - Market ExclusiveAnalyst's Indicator Review for Alaska Air Group, Inc. , The Estee Lauder ... - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS'Imperial Capitas treads lightly in airline sector Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 &quot;2017 is likely to be a transition year, with margins under pressure due to greater than anticipated domestic and international capacity growth, unit revenues lagging previous expectations, spiking labor costs, and rising jet fuel prices,&quot; reads the ...'
p6
aS"Alaska partners with Condor ahead of flights between Seattle and Munich Puget Sound Business Journal  - 9 hours ago Alaska Air Group Inc. has signed a partnership with Condor Airlines to give Alaska's mileage rewards plan members opportunities to earn and use miles on Condor flights."
p7
aS'Traders Take Note: Alaska Air Group Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - 13 hours ago Take Note: Alaska Air Group Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Virgin America boosts Alaska Airlines' February traffic; storms hit on-time ... Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 10, 2017 Alaska Air Group Inc. notched slightly higher passenger traffic in February thanks to increases on Alaska Airlines and its newly acquired Virgin America affiliate in California.Having bought Virgin, Alaska Airlines plans big SFO expansion - San Francisco ChronicleIndianapolis airport scores another nonstop flight to San Francisco - Indianapolis Business Journal"
p9
aS'Alaska Air Group Inc Risk Points versus Transportation CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Alaska Air Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Transportation ETF.'
p10
a.