(lp0
S"Analyst Activity  Leerink Swann Reiterates Outperform on Alexion ... Market Exclusive - 10 hours ago The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of therapeutic products. The Company's products include Soliris , Strensiq  and Kanuma .Analyst's Proposition on Autodesk, Inc. , Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc ... - The USA CommerceStock Returns: Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc  is Beating Opko ... - CML News"
p1
aS"Alexion  Licenses Artubus Technology for Rare Diseases Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ALXN has recently licensed Arbutus Biopharma Corporation's ABUS proprietary lipid nanoparticle  technology for use in one of former's rare disease programs.Stocks Buzz -B&amp;G Foods, Inc. , Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - Daily News JournalAlexion paying up to $80M to develop new drug - Hartford Business"
p2
aS"Jim Cramer Weighs In On Alexion Pharmaceuticals And Lowe's Companies Benzinga - Mar 8, 2017 On CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer said that Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is a takeover target, but he can't recommend it just on takeover basis.Alexion Pharma  Founder to Retire as Chairman and Board Member - StreetInsider.comInsider Trading at Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.? - Chaffey Breeze"
p3
aS"Alexion To Cut 7 Percent Of Workforce, Setting Off Political Debate Hartford Courant - Mar 15, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc., a major player in Connecticut's fledgling bioscience industry, plans to lay off more than 200 employees in the coming weeks, a spokeswoman said Wednesday."
p4
aS'Alexion: Weighing The Pros And Cons Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 The pioneering biotech Alexion  has released Q4 and full-year 2016 earnings and held a conference call that had both positives and negatives.'
p5
aS'FMR LLC is the biggest holder of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Post Analyst - Mar 17, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  reached 12.18% versus a 1-year low price of $109.12. The stock was last seen 0.24% higher, reaching at $122.41 on Mar. 16, 2017.Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Dips 2.52% for March 14 - Equities.comAlexion Pharmaceuticals Cuts 7% of Workforce - TheStreet.com'
p6
aS'Orbimed Advisors Llc Buys Anthem, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Aetna, Sells ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 15, 2017 New York, NY, based Investment company Orbimed Advisors Llc buys Anthem, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Aetna, Humana, Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Pfizer, HCA Holdings, Eli Lilly and Co, Momenta Pharmaceuticals, sells WellCare Health Plans,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Sector Gamma As Buys Shire PLC, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Vertex ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 3, 2017 Oslo, Q8, based Investment company Sector Gamma As buys Shire PLC, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Impax Laboratories, sells Biogen, Exelixis, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals during the 3-months ended&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Options Traders Alert: Covered Call reports for Alexion Pharmaceuticals ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in serving patients with severe and ultra-rare disorders through the development and commercialization of life-transforming therapeutic products.'
p9
aS"Alexion Pharma  Says FDA Accepts sBLA Filing of Soliris to Treat ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 8, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  has accepted for review the Company's supplemental Biologics License Application  to extend the indication for Soliris &nbsp;..."
p10
a.