(lp0
S'As Amgen Goes, So Goes Medicines Company Seeking Alpha - 10 hours ago If Amgen  had a bad day on Friday with the release of long-awaited outcomes data for its cholesterol drug Repatha, then consider the Medicines Company .'
p1
aS'Amgen Inc.  Sank To A 1-Month Low After Repatha Study RTT News - 17 hours ago Amgen Inc.  announced Friday morning that the 27,564-patient study of Repatha found that adding the drug to optimized statin therapy resulted in a statistically significant 20 percent reduction in heart attack, stroke or cardiovascular death ...Amgen Inc.  Is Sinking Despite Study Results - NasdaqBUZZ-Amgen Inc: Data on cholesterol drug gives investors heartburn - Times of India'
p2
aS'My valuation for AMGN should alleviate the concerns of investors who ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 The entire biotech investment environment was changed by one company: Amgen . In a world where &quot;biotech&quot; seriously meant &quot;high risk, high growth&quot; to investors, AMGN stepped forward and began offering dividends, bringing in a new&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'BRIEF-Amgen Inc reports four-year follow-up results from Repatha Osler-1 study Reuters - Mar 14, 2017 BRIEF-Amgen Inc reports four-year follow-up results from Repatha Osler-1 study. March 14 Amgen Inc. * Amgen Inc - four-year follow-up results from Repatha  Osler-1 study. * Amgen Inc - Repatha, when added to standard of care ,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Does Amgen Offer a Great Value Buying Opportunity Right Now? Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p5
aS"Drilling Down Into Amgen Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 12 hours ago Amgen Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Biotechnology. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $168.61, down from yesterday's close by -6.38%.Considering Earnings Growth, Is The Market Undervaluing Amgen Inc ? - Simply Wall StAmgen, Inc.  Given Neutral Rating at Robert W. Baird - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS'Amgen Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - 2 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Amgen Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p7
aS"BRIEF-Amgen inc says to present new kyprolis and xgeva data Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Amgen, Inc.  Blockbuster Pipeline Makes It One of the Best Stocks ... Library For Smart Investors - Mar 16, 2017 Amgen, Inc.  recently announced positive results from a late-stage clinical trial of its cholesterol drug .Why Amgen  Stock Rallied After Q4 Earnings Release? - NasdaqWhat are Analyst's Indicators for Amgen Inc. , Dominion Resources, Inc.  - The USA Commerce"
p9
aS"Amgen Inc.  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Amgen Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.