(lp0
S'American Independence Corp. Announces Filing of a Schedule 13E-3 Relating to a ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 28, 2016 NEW YORK, June 27, 2016  -- American Independence Corp.  today announced that a Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement has been filed with the U.S.'
p1
aS'American Independence Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... PR Newswire  - Jun 29, 2016 NEW YORK, June 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WeissLaw LLP is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of American Independence Corp.  in connection with the proposed&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Independence Holding Company and American Independence Corp. Announce Sale of ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 5, 2016 STAMFORD, Conn. and NEW YORK, Jan. 05, 2016  -- Independence Holding Company  and American Independence Corp.  today announced that they have entered into an agreement to sell the stock of&nbsp;...American Independence , Independence Holding  Agree to Sell IHC ... - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS'Independence Holding  Announces Completion of American Independence (AMIC ... StreetInsider.com - Aug 31, 2016 Independence Holding Company  announced that the merger of American Independence Corp.  with and into AMIC Holdings, Inc. became effective on August 31, 2016 .'
p4
aS'Independence Holding: The Stock That Math Forgot Seeking Alpha - Feb 4, 2016 After the close on January 5th, American Independence Corp.  announced its intention to sell its stop-loss business, IHC Risk Solutions, along with the in-force stop-loss business of Standard Security Life Insurance Company and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Playing His Cards Right Forbes - Feb 1, 2012 That year IHC acquired a stake in American Independence Corp. , which at the time was called SoftNet Systems. It was a failed dotcom that had raised hundreds of millions and then lost most of it.'
p6
aS"The IHC Group's Carriers Receive A-  Group Rating from AM Best ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 14, 2016 The IHC Group ) owns three insurance companies (Standard Security Life Insurance Company of New York, Madison National Life Insurance Company, Inc. and&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Essential Politics: How we figured out the American Independent Party has a ... Los Angeles Times - Apr 18, 2016 ... kicking off your Monday with Essential Politics. We've been working for months on the front-page investigation published Sunday detailing how a majority of American Independent Party members in California might be registered with the party by ..."
p8
aS"Gorsuch speaks of importance of 'independent judiciary' STLtoday.com - 3 hours ago Democrats expressed doubts about whether Gorsuch, currently a judge on the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver, could be an independent voice, standing up to Trump or big corporations when necessary. ... I was struck by the extraordinary, even ...Gorsuch Is Grilled on His Extreme Positions - AlterNet"
p9
aS"Nicola Sturgeon's dream of Scottish independence suffers another blow as ... The Sun - Oct 18, 2016 NICOLA Sturgeon may have difficulty trying to win backing for Scottish independence from whoever wins next month's presidential election as America tells her to respect the will of the British people. In television interviews the SNP leader said she ..."
p10
a.