(lp0
S'American Midstream Partners Announces Upsizing of Revolving Credit Facility to ... BOE Report  - 12 hours ago HOUSTONAmerican Midstream Partners, LP   announced today that it has amended and upsized its secured revolving credit facility  from $750 million&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"American Midstream Partners LP  Receives $18.25 Average PT from Analysts Sports Perspectives - Mar 19, 2017 American Midstream Partners logo American Midstream Partners LP  has received an average rating of Buy from the seven brokerages that are currently covering the stock.Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy on American Midstream ... - Market ExclusiveThe American Midstream Partners'  Buy Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank ... - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Involving ... Business Wire  - 11 hours ago NEW YORK----Levi &amp; Korsinsky announces it has commenced an investigation of American Midstream Partners, LP  concerning possible violations of federal securities laws. On March 17, 2017, American Midstream&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'American Midstream Partners Announces Successful Completion of Merger with JP ... BOE Report  - Mar 8, 2017 HOUSTONAmerican Midstream Partners, LP   and JP Energy Partners LP   today announced the successful completion of the previously announced&nbsp;...American Midstream Appoints Casadaban as Senior Vice President and Chief ... - Yahoo FinanceNew-to-Houston energy co. names new COO - Houston Business Journal'
p4
aS'Guess Who Picked Up American Midstream Partners Lp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 13, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , American Midstream Partners Lp  reported that Magnolia Infrastructure Holdings, Llc.American Midstream Partners LP  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS"New-to-Houston energy co. to buy Dallas-based energy co. Houston Business Journal - Oct 24, 2016 A energy company that recently relocated to Houston plans to scoop up a Dallas-based energy company. American Midstream Partners LP , formerly based in Denver, announced it's acquiring JP Energy Partners LP  in an&nbsp;...Two oil pipeline companies are combining in a $2 billion deal - Business Insider"
p6
aS'Rapidly Growing American Midstream Partners LP Is Under Construction Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 American Midstream  has been steadily acquiring assets over the last few years. Rapid growth has its own risks. First the ability to control costs requires far more effort during rapid growth periods and there is the possibility that the ...Noble Midstream Partners Names Martin Salinas, Jr. and Hallie Vanderhider to ... - BOE Report Energy Transfer Partners Closes on Previously Announced Acquisition of Certain ... - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Traders Take Note: American Midstream Partners, LP  Stock Drops ... CML News - 12 hours ago Take Note: American Midstream Partners, LP  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'American Midstream Partners, LP  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 1, 2017 American Midstream Partners, LP  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 02, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.412 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 13, 2017.'
p9
aS'MLP Bottom Fishing 6: American Midstream Partners LP Seeking Alpha - Apr 18, 2016 American Midstream Partners LP  is another beaten down Master Limited Partnership . AMID closed Friday at $7.33 and currently pays an annual distribution of $1.89 for a distribution yield of 25.8%.'
p10
a.