(lp0
S"Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Announces that Chris Smith has Joined ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 14, 2016 MILWAUKEE, Oct. 14, 2016  -- Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  announced today that Chris Smith will join the firm in late October as founding portfolio manager of the firm's eighth autonomous investment team."
p1
aS"Artisan Partners Global Value Team Nominated for Morningstar's International ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 13, 2017 13, 2017  -- Artisan Partners is pleased to announce portfolio managers David Samra and Dan O'Keefe of the firm's Global Value team have been nominated for Morningstar, Inc.'s International-Stock Fund Manager of the Year award in the U ..."
p2
aS'Brokerages Set Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc  Price Target at $27.64 Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Artisan Partners Asset Management logo Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc  has earned an average rating of Hold from the nine ratings firms that are presently covering the firm.EPS Estimate Of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  At $0.555 - Markets DailyPrice Target Watch on Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  - Rockville Register'
p3
aS'Relative Strength Alert For Artisan Partners Asset Management Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 But making Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of APAM entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $26.80 per share.Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveArtisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Reports February 2017 Assets Under ... - EconoTimes'
p4
aS'Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Class A  Moves Lower on Volume ... Equities.com - Feb 27, 2017 Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Class A  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 27, as the stock lost 0.34% to close at $29.00.The Denver Investment Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in Artisan Partners Asset ... - DailyQuint'
p5
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Simon Property Group, Artisan Partners Asset Management ... Nasdaq - Feb 8, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/10/17, Simon Property Group, Inc. , Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc , and FirstCash Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their ...Revenue Update on Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc - Morning OutlookEPS Prediction At $0.47 For Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  - Markets Daily'
p6
aS"Really worthy Stock Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.'s  stock ... Hot Stocks Point - 19 hours ago Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  ended its day with loss -1.94% and finalized at the price of $27.75. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.61 million shares."
p7
aS'Artisan Partners: Down, But Not Out Seeking Alpha - Oct 13, 2016 While many asset managers have turned towards offering passive products  or have begun to offer fixed-income strategies , Artisan Partners has stayed true to ...'
p8
aS"Artisan Partners Asset Management's  CEO Eric Colson on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Artisan Partners is a high value-added investment management firm designed for investment talent to thrive in a thoughtful growth environment.Artisan assets down 3% for quarter, year - Pensions & Investments"
p9
aS'Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 1, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. is an investment management firm focused on providing investment strategies to clients around the global.In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Artisan Partners Asset ... - The De Soto Edge'
p10
a.