(lp0
S'Investor Consortium Completes Acquisition of Apollo Education Group, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 1, 2017 Apollo Education Group, Inc. today announced the completion of its acquisition by a consortium of investors including The Vistria Group, LLC and funds affiliated with Apollo Global Management, LLC.University of Phoenix $1.1B merger closes, stops trading on Nasdaq - Phoenix Business Journal'
p1
aS"University of Phoenix parent Apollo Education starts new chapter as private firm AZCentral.com - Feb 6, 2017 Apollo Education Group, parent of the University of Phoenix and once one of Arizona's most iconic and valuable corporations, has started a new, more modest chapter of its life as a privately owned subsidiary."
p2
aS'Why Apollo Education Group Inc. Jumped Today Motley Fool - May 2, 2016 What: Shares of Apollo Education Group  jumped on Monday following news that Apollo Global Management  had increased its bid for the company. At 3 p.m. ET, shares of Apollo Education were up about 11%, while shares of&nbsp;...Apollo Education Merger Likely To Be Shelved Even With Increased Offer - Seeking AlphaApollo Global Management Boosts Bid for Apollo Education Takeover - Wall Street Journal'
p3
aS'University of Phoenix Parent Apollo Education to Be Taken Private Wall Street Journal - Feb 8, 2016 Private-equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC agreed Monday to buy Apollo Education Group Inc. for about $1.1 billion, betting there is still a future for the beleaguered for-profit college industry despite years of regulatory scrutiny and ...Apollo Education Group, Inc. to Be Taken Private in $1.1 Billion Transaction - Business Wire Why Shares of Apollo Education Group Inc. Jumped Today - Motley Fool'
p4
aS"Multiple Ways To Win A Bet On Apollo Education Group Seeking Alpha - Apr 20, 2016 Apollo Education Group, Inc.  is one of the world's largest private education providers, serving students since 1973."
p5
aS'Apollo Education: Take The Money And Run Seeking Alpha - May 22, 2016 I admit, I had a fun run with Apollo Education Group . I spent most of last year ... Then I took a long position, mostly as a trade, in January after the Wall Street Journal reported the company was in talks to sell itself to Apollo Global ...Students may get easier path to sue University of Phoenix - Phoenix Business Journal '
p6
aS'Apollo Education Group Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement to be Acquired by ... Yahoo Finance UK - May 6, 2016 Apollo Education Group, Inc.  today announced that its shareholders have approved the merger agreement for the proposed acquisition by a consortium of investors, including The Vistria Group, LLC, funds affiliated with Apollo Global Management,&nbsp;...Apollo Education Shareholders Approve $1.14 Billion Buyout - Wall Street JournalApollo Education Holders Approve Bid From Apollo Global - Bloomberg'
p7
aS'Apollo Education Group: Privatization Offer Too Low Seeking Alpha - Feb 26, 2016 Apollo Education Group  is a for profit university which operates in the US and internationally. The US business is conducted via the University of Phoenix and the international business via Apollo Global.'
p8
aS'Apollo Education Group Inc  Privatization Deal Runs Into Hurdles Market Exclusive - Dec 9, 2016 The buyout deal Apollo Education Group Inc  inked with a group of investors led by Apollo Global Management LLC  has run into obstacles.US Dept of Education conditions may threaten Apollo Education takeover - ReutersDepartment of Education Requires Letter of Credit for Apollo Education ... - Wall Street Journal'
p9
aS'BRIEF-Apollo Education Group says terminated employment of president of Apollo ... Reuters - Jan 23, 2017 ... * Apollo Education Group - on Jan 17, employment of Curtis M. Uehlein, president of Apollo Global was terminated, effective as of february 3, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:&nbsp;...'
p10
a.