(lp0
S'Appointment of a Receiver for Ressources Appalaches and Dufferin Resources Assets Marketwired  - Jan 20, 2015 RIMOUSKI, QUBEC-- - Today, upon a motion filed by LRC-RA LP , a secured creditor of Ressources Appalaches Inc.   and Dufferin Resources Incorporated , the Bankrupcy&nbsp;...NS gold mine placed in receivership - TheChronicleHerald.ca '
p1
aS'Ressources Appalaches: Dufferin Mine in Temporary Care and Maintenance Marketwired  - Oct 3, 2014 RIMOUSKI, QUEBEC-- - Ressources Appalaches  announces that the Dufferin Gold Mine is placed in temporary care and maintenance due to longer than expected development of the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Gold mining returns to Nova Scotia: Ressources Appalaches set to reopen ... Financial Post - Nov 27, 2013 Five years after outlaying $4-million purchasing the Dufferin Gold Mine, located on the eastern shore of Nova Scotia and about one hour north of Halifax, Ressources Appalaches has now been issued with the final permit, the so-called industrial approval ...'
p3
aS"Receiver gets more time to attempt to sell gold mine TheChronicleHerald.ca - Nov 10, 2015 The firm's Halifax office is handling the sale of the assets of Ressources Appalaches Inc. and its subsidiary, Dufferin Resources Inc. The Quebec-based owner of the Dufferin mine was forced into receivership in January by Lascaux Resource Capital."
p4
aS"Nomination d'un squestre pour Ressources Appalaches et Dufferin Resources Marketwired  - Jan 20, 2015 RIMOUSKI, QUBEC-- - Faisant suite  une motion dpose aujourd'hui par LRC-RA LP , crancier garanti de Ressources Appalaches inc.   et de Dufferin Resources Inc."
p5
aS'GOLD: Appalaches puts Dufferin mine on care and maintenance Canadian Mining Journal - Oct 6, 2014 NOVA SCOTIA - It seems no sooner was the first gold poured than owner Ressources Appalaches placed its Dufferin gold mine on temporary care and maintenance.'
p6
aS"Quebec gold company moving from 'junior' to 'senior' in Nova Scotia MINING.com - Nov 11, 2013 The province's Labour Department OK'd the mine's equipment and procedures with regard to worker safety. &quot;We've been told that we're nearing completion of [the reopening] process, said Jean-Claude Morel, executive vice-president of Ressources&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Golden opportunity: NS could be on the verge of a mining renaissance TheChronicleHerald.ca - Apr 4, 2014 Wightman, executive director of the Nova Scotia Prospectors Association and a director of the Mining Association of Nova Scotia, is also president of Moose River Resources Inc. Moose River Resources has partnered with Atlantic Gold NL of Australia on ...'
p8
aS"Gold mine closer to reality TheChronicleHerald.ca - Nov 7, 2013 PORT DUFFERIN - An Eastern Shore gold mine is now one permit away from reopening. On Thursday, Ressources Appalaches Inc. got the nod from the provincial Labour Department, which had reviewed the mine's equipment and procedures for their&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Hundreds apply for 50 positions at Dufferin mine TheChronicleHerald.ca - Oct 17, 2013 Some of about 780 applications received to date for about 50 jobs are from people with industrial work experience in Newfoundland-Labrador, Ontario, Quebec and Western Canada, Alain Hupe, president of mine developer Ressources Appalaches Inc., said&nbsp;...'
p10
a.