(lp0
S"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 We are extremely proud of ARI's financial performance in 2016, a year in which the Company committed to and funded approximately $1.4 billion of commercial real estate loans and grew its equity market capitalization to over $2.0 billion, said Stuart&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces the Appointment of Jai ... Business Wire  - May 23, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.  , today announced the Board of Directors appointed Jai Agarwal to the positions of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc  versus ... CML News - 12 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc  versus Starwood Property Trust Inc  .'
p3
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces 2017 Annual Meeting of ... Business Wire  - Feb 27, 2017 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   today announced the Board of Directors set March 15, 2017 as the record date for the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance's  CEO Stuart Rothstein on Q4 2016 ... - Seeking AlphaAnalyst Activity  Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods Reiterates Hold on Apollo ... - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS"Breaking My 'A-Team' Into Pieces - Part V - Apollo Commercial Real Estate ... Seeking Alpha - May 19, 2016 This is the fifth out of ten parts in this series, featuring Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Each article in this series includes a comprehensive review of the featured company: Background, profile and activities, current trends, main ..."
p5
aS'Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. Receives Stockholder Approval to Be Acquired ... Business Wire  - Aug 24, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the common stockholders of AMTG approved the proposed acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"What You Must Know About Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc's  9.5 ... Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc's  ROE of 9.5% over the past year, compared to its industry's 13.6%, indicates that investors would have been better off choosing the broader industry in terms of returns generated on their committed&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces Purchase Price ... Business Wire  - Jul 26, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the aggregate consideration to be paid in connection with the acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance - Double Hedge Against Rate Hikes - 11.3 ... Seeking Alpha - Sep 6, 2016 A new U.S. Interest Rate hike seems to be imminent. Making the right investment decisions can help boost your portfolio's profitability."
p9
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces 2016 Dividend Income Tax ... Business Wire  - Jan 27, 2017 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   today announced the estimated federal income tax treatment of the Company's 2016 distributions on its common stock &nbsp;..."
p10
a.