(lp0
S'Antares Pharma Inc. and Nivalis Therapeutics Inc. Show Resiliency as They Snap ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Antares stock has been on a steady rise for the past year. The company develops and manufactures pressure-assisted injector devices that allow patients to self-inject prescription drugs.'
p1
aS'Antares Pharma reports 4Q loss Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 EWING, N.J.  _ Antares Pharma Inc.  on Tuesday reported a loss of $4.5 million in its fourth quarter. On a per-share basis, the Ewing, New Jersey-based company said it had a loss of 3 cents.Antares Pharma Posts Narrower Loss In Q4 - Quick Facts - Nasdaq'
p2
aS'Antares Pharma: Realistic Expectations Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 This article represents an extension to an SA article published December 30, titled &quot;Antares Pharma: Drug Delivery to Multiple Fronts of Profitability&quot;.'
p3
aS'ANTARES PHARMA, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Antares Pharma, Inc.  is a specialty pharmaceutical company that focuses on developing and commercializing self-administered parenteral pharmaceutical products and technologies.'
p4
aS'Antares Pharma Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Operating and ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 14, 2017 EWING, N.J., March 14, 2017  -- Antares Pharma, Inc.  today reported operating progress and financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016.The Antares Pharma Inc  to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS'Antares Pharma: Drug Delivery To Multiple Fronts Of Profitability Seeking Alpha - Dec 30, 2016 Over the last several years, investors in Antares Pharma  have experienced multiple disappointments which prompted many shareholders to exit the shares while remaining holders became increasingly impatient, illustrated in the chart below&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Antares Pharma Announces Completion of the QuickShot Testosterone Clinical Program GlobeNewswire  - Sep 22, 2016 EWING, N.J., Sept. 22, 2016  -- Antares Pharma, Inc.  today announced safety results from the dose-blinded, multiple-dose, concentration-controlled, 26-week phase 3 study of QuickShot Testosterone &nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Does Zero-Debt Really Make Antares Pharma Inc  A Financially Strong Company? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 Any company, including Antares Pharma Inc  with no debt in its capital structure, would maximize capital returns by having an optimal capital structure, which includes debt.'
p8
aS"Antares Pharmaceuticals: The Stock To Buy On EpiPen Issues Seeking Alpha - Aug 28, 2016 Recently, Mylan  has come under a lot of attention for the price of its Epinephrine Auto-Injector EpiPen. EpiPen price raises left many consumers upset and has even attracted attention from presidential candidates.Plastic Cap Is Crux of Mylan Argument Against Teva's EpiPen - Bloomberg"
p9
aS'Antares Pharma Announces FDA Acceptance of New Drug Application for Quickshot ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 EWING, N.J., Feb. 27, 2017  -- Antares Pharma, Inc.  today announced that the New Drug Application  for QuickShot Testosterone , a drug-device combination product for the delivery of testosterone enanthate using a&nbsp;...Antares Pharma  Announces FDA Acceptance of NDA for Quickshot Testosterone - StreetInsider.com'
p10
a.