(lp0
S"Activision Blizzard: Right In The Range Seeking Alpha - 12 hours ago Activision Blizzard managed to achieve a strong growth in revenue that is mainly attributed to the rise in subscription and licensing revenue.Activision Blizzard, Inc. , BB&amp;T Corporation  Stock Eyes Ahead of ... - The USA CommerceReliable stocks in today's share market: Activision Blizzard, Inc.  - The News Journal"
p1
aS"Why Shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc. Jumped 12% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc.  had another great month in February, rising 12.2%, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after reporting strong earnings to end 2016.Long Activision! - Seeking AlphaActivision Blizzard Recognized on Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For ... - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"3 Ways Activision Blizzard Inc. Could Stumble in 2017 Motley Fool - Feb 19, 2017 Operating income was 36% of sales last quarter, compared to 42% for the Activision studio and 41% for Blizzard. Mobile gamers appear to be staying engaged through both the advertising rollout and new app launches.One Year Later: Re-Evaluating Activision Blizzard's King Acquisition - Seeking AlphaStock Price of Activision Blizzard, Inc  Decreases -4.02% - Energy Index"
p3
aS"Activision Blizzard, Inc.'s Overwatch Is Killing It Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 ... World of Warcraft franchise is beginning to stall. World of Warcraft is a cash cow for the game publisher, but Activision Blizzard needs to show growth to deliver satisfactory shareholder returns over time, and Overwatch has picked up the slack in ..."
p4
aS'Checking the Overall Picture for Activision Blizzard, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 10 hours ago Activision Blizzard, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Multimedia &amp; Graphics Software.Taking a Look at the Chart for Activision Blizzard, Inc.  - The USA CommerceActivision Blizzard, Inc.  Given a $55.00 Price Target by Jefferies ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'Activision Blizzard Reaches Analyst Target Price Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 In recent trading, shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc.  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $49.13, changing hands for $49.20/share.'
p6
aS'Short Activision? Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Weak top line guidance and sales declines in Call of Duty are ignored in favor of pretty EPS numbers and healthy growth in Overwatch.'
p7
aS"Game Over For Activision Blizzard? Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Both Scott Kessler of CFRA Research and pseudonymous Seeking Alpha contributor &quot;Short Only&quot; raised concerns recently about ATVI's extraordinary run-up year-to-date."
p8
aS'If You Lack Direction On Activision Blizzard, Inc. , You Need to Read This USA Commerce Daily - 8 hours ago With all other things going on, Activision Blizzard, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 33.72 percent in just three months.'
p9
aS"1 Important Metric to Watch for Activision Blizzard in 2017 Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Activision Blizzard  is the maker of some of the world's best-known games, like Call of Duty, as well as some new hits like Overwatch.What are Analyst's Indicators for Activision Blizzard, Inc. , Symantec ... - The USA CommerceIs It Time to go for Activision Blizzard, Inc. , QUALCOMM Incorporated ... - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.