(lp0
S"Aveo reeling after FDA's rejection of kidney cancer drug Boston Globe - Aug 26, 2013 It took Aveo Pharmaceuticals Inc. seven years to develop a much anticipated kidney cancer drug. Federal regulators needed only about four hours to crush the company's hopes."
p1
aS"AVEO Pharmaceuticals  Q4 Earnings: What's in Store? Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. AVEO is expected to report fourth-quarter 2016 results this month. The company has an impressive track record for the last four reported quarters having beaten estimates on three occasions and meeting expectations in one with&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc. MarketWatch - Oct 8, 2010 AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc. NASDAQ: AVEO. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p3
aS"AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Chaffey Breeze - Mar 11, 2017 AVEO Pharmaceuticals logo AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is scheduled to be posting its quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Monday, March 13th.What Type of Consensus Views Analysts Say about AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s ... - Hot Stocks PointThe AVEO Pharmaceuticals'  Outperform Rating Reiterated at FBR &amp; Co - DailyQuint"
p4
aS"Company Update : AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces Dosing of ... Smarter Analyst - May 26, 2016 AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced that the first patient has been dosed in the Company's pivotal TIVO-3 trial, a randomized, controlled, multi-center, open-label study to compare tivozanib to sorafenib in subjects with refractory&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"AVEO Pharmaceuticals  Pays $4M to Settle SEC Fraud Charges StreetInsider.com - Mar 29, 2016 The SEC alleges that AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc.  concealed the FDA's level of concern about Tivozanib in public statements to investors by omitting the critical fact that FDA staff had recommended a second clinical trial to address their&nbsp;...SEC charges biotech Aveo with misleading investors - The Boston GlobeFeds charge Cambridge drug firm, former execs with misleading investors - Boston Business Journal "
p6
aS'Price Alert: AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc  Stock Approaches ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Price Alert: AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p7
aS'Stock Update : AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reports 3Q:16 Financial ... Smarter Analyst - Nov 4, 2016 In the last 18 months, we have made important progress in moving forward both elements of our strategy, including our oncology pipeline, for which we have retained significant North American rights, and our non-oncology pipeline, which is being ...'
p8
aS'16 hedge funds sold their entire positions in AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Post Analyst - Mar 8, 2017 AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  reached 71.26% versus a 1-year low price of $0.54. The stock was last seen 6.3% higher, reaching at $0.92 on Mar. 7, 2017.Next 5 Year EPS Growth Rate of AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is 0% - The Oracle ExaminerTo Buy Or Sell AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  On Latest Analyst ... - Fiscal Standard'
p9
aS'The Dilutive Shadow of AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  HotStocked - Jun 9, 2015 And there is nothing wrong with raising external capital this way. The thing is, a business could not do this exercise over and over again unless an increase in the number of authorized stock occurs at some point.'
p10
a.