(lp0
S"Moody's rates Allied World Assurance senior notes at Baa1; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Oct 27, 2015 New York, October 26, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service has assigned a Baa1 rating to the 10-year 4.35% senior notes issued by Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd  and guaranteed by the ultimate parent Allied World&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Why Allied World Assurance Co. Holdings, AG. Stock Is Up 12% Today Motley Fool - Dec 19, 2016 The market is pricing Allied World Assurance shares as if the deal will go through without a hiccup. Shares of the insurer are trading at a single-digit discount to their implied value if the transaction were closed today, suggesting that investors see ...AM Best Places Credit Ratings of Allied World Assurance Company, AG and Its ... - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'AWAC  Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd.: Fairfax Financial and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 3, 2017 Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited   and Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG   today announced that they have agreed to extend to March 10, 2017 the deadline by which Fairfax has the&nbsp;...The Renaissance Technologies LLC Cuts Stake in Allied World Assurance Company ... - DailyQuintAllied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  Analyst Coverage - NewsDen'
p3
aS"Moody's affirms Allied World Assurance; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Apr 24, 2015 The Baa1 senior debt rating for the Bermuda holding company, Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd, reflects the overall group's manageable debt leverage and expectation of ample credit support from the operations, subject to regulatory dividend&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Fairfax Financial raises cash component of offer for Allied World Reuters UK - Mar 10, 2017 March 10 Toronto-based insurance group Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd said it would increase the cash component of its offer to buy Allied World Assurance Company Holdings AG by $18 per share. The increase in the cash component of the offer would&nbsp;...AIMCo Announces Commitment to Invest in Allied World Transaction with Fairfax ... - PR Newswire UK Form 8-K Allied World Assurance For: Mar 10 - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS'Common Share Dividend Yield of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  Energy Index - Mar 15, 2017 The dividend growth rate of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 21.39% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.89.Large Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Allied World Assurance ... - Highland MirrorRussell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $3318000 in Allied World Assurance ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS'Why Allied World Assurance Co. Holdings, AG Stock Is Soaring Today Motley Fool - Jul 20, 2016 What: Shares of Allied World Assurance Co Holdings  are soaring by more than 13% at 11:30 a.m. EDT as the company beat analyst expectations in the second quarter.Allied World profit surges as investments rebound - Business Insurance'
p7
aS'AM Best Affirms Ratings of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG and Its ... Business Wire  - Feb 11, 2016 OLDWICK, N.J.----A.M. Best has affirmed the financial strength rating  of A  and the issuer credit ratings  of a+ of Allied World Assurance Company, Ltd  and its operating affiliates. The outlook for ...'
p8
aS'Allianz Asset Management AG Boosts Stake in Allied World Assurance Company ... Sports Perspectives - Mar 19, 2017 Allied World Assurance Company Holdings logo Allianz Asset Management AG increased its stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  by 1.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the&nbsp;...Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  Broker Price Targets ... - Fiscal StandardAllied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Stake Decreased by Janus ... - Community Financial News'
p9
aS'Watching the Charts on Shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  BVN - 6 hours ago Investors may want to examine some technical indicators when studying a stock. Currently, the 14-day Commodity Channel Index  for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  is sitting at 50.94. CCI is an indicator used in technical analysis&nbsp;...'
p10
a.