(lp0
S"Axiall Corp.'s Natrium Plant in Marshall County Fined After Gas Leak Wheeling Intelligencer - Dec 7, 2016 KENT - An August chlorine leak at the Axiall Corp.'s Natrium plant that forced hundreds of residents from their homes and sent two employees to the hospital will cost the company $25,500 in workplace safety fines issued by the Occupational Health and&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Westlake Agrees to Buy Vinyl Maker Axiall for $2.4 Billion Bloomberg - Jun 10, 2016 Westlake Chemical Corp. agreed to acquire Axiall Corp. for about $2.4 billion, burying the hatchet after a five-month takeover contest, to become the second largest North American producer of vinyl products used in pipe, siding and decks.Lotte Chemical Steps Into Battle for Axiall - Wall Street JournalWhy Axiall Corp.'s Shares Jumped 26% Today - Motley Fool"
p2
aS'Chlorine Leak From Railcar Closes Axiall Corp. Chemical Facility in West Virginia Wall Street Journal - Aug 27, 2016 A chlorine leak at an Axiall Corp. chemical plant in West Virginia caused a shutdown of the facility, the evacuation of nearby communities and the temporary closure of local roads, the chemical company said on Saturday.Chlorine Leak from Axiall Corp. Sends Two to Hospital, Evacuates Communities - West Virginia Public BroadcastingWest Virginia, Ohio Agencies Investigate Axiall Corp. Incident - Wheeling Intelligencer'
p3
aS"Atlanta chemical giant Axiall Corp. gets $2.9B hostile takeover offer Atlanta Business Chronicle - Jan 29, 2016 A Houston chemical company is making a hostile takeover offer to buy Atlanta-based chemicals giant Axiall Corp. Westlake Chemical Corp.Why Axiall Corp's Shares Doubled Today - Motley FoolWestlake Chemical Discloses Proposal To Acquire Axiall Corporation For $20.00 ... - PR Newswire "
p4
aS"Axiall Corp. and Lotte Chemical Plan Two $3 Billion Chemical Plants In Lake ... Area Development Online - Dec 17, 2015 Calcasieu Parish was selected for this project based on the state's skilled workforce and familiarity with the petrochemicals industry and projects of this type, said Jim Rock, Axiall Vice President for Operational Excellence. Calcasieu Parish ...Companies investing $3 billiion in two Lake Charles-area plants creating 215 jobs - The AdvocateAxiall and Lotte Chemical Announce Louisiana Ethane Cracker Final Investment ... - Business Wire "
p5
aS"Georgia Gulf now Axiall Corp. Atlanta Business Chronicle - Jan 28, 2013 Georgia Gulf Corp. is now officially Axiall Corp. with the Monday completion of its $2 billion acquisition of PPG Industries Inc.'s chlor-alkali and derivatives business.PPG chemicals business deal closes; Axiall created - Pittsburgh Business TimesGeorgia Gulf completes deal to become Axiall - Atlanta Journal Constitution"
p6
aS"Update: Westlake Chemical closes Axiall acquisition Houston Business Journal - Aug 18, 2016 After the deal was announced, Westlake agreed to withdraw its nomination of a slate of director nominees at Axiall's annual shareholders meeting in June."
p7
aS"Axiall Corp.  Responds to Westlake's  Director Nominations StreetInsider.com - Feb 16, 2016 Axiall Corporation  today confirmed that it has received notice from Westlake Chemical Corporation  of its intent to nominate ten director candidates to stand for election to Axiall's Board of Directors at the Company's 2016 ...Westlake Chemical Notifies Axiall Corporation of Intention to Nominate Slate ... - PR Newswire Westlake continues push for Axiall with new board nominees - Plastics News"
p8
aS'Axiall Corp. chemical workers vote to unionize Longview Daily News - May 8, 2015 Chemical union members held signs near the Axiall Corp. plant in Longview in the early morning hours Thursday as employees arrived to vote.'
p9
aS"Axiall Corp.  Agrees to Sell Window &amp; Door Division of Royal Building ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 26, 2016 OpenGate Capital, a global private equity firm, announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire the Window &amp; Door division of Royal Building Products, a manufacturer of vinyl window profiles and patio doors, from Axiall Corporation (NYSE ...Axiall sells two PVC-related business units - Plastics NewsAxiall to sell window and door business to OpenGate - Thomson Reuters' peHUB "
p10
a.