(lp0
S'AXT, Inc. Resumes Substrate Production at Its Beijing Manufacturing Facility Nasdaq - 17 hours ago FREMONT, Calif., March 20, 2017  -- AXT, Inc. , a leading manufacturer of compound semiconductor substrates, today announced that it has resumed wafer processing production of all substrate types, including indium&nbsp;...Needham &amp; Company Reiterates Buy on AXT, Inc.  as Production Resumes - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'Why Shares of AXT Inc. Dropped Today Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of semiconductor substrate manufacturer AXT Inc.  slumped on Thursday after the company disclosed that a fire at one of its facilities halted all wafer substrate production.Needham &amp; Company Reiterates Buy Rating and $8.50 PT on AXT, Inc. (AXTI ... - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'AXT, Inc. Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock GlobeNewswire  - Mar 1, 2017 FREMONT, Calif., March 01, 2017  -- AXT, Inc. , a leading manufacturer of compound semiconductor substrates, today announced that it intends to offer and sell shares of its common stock in an underwritten public&nbsp;...Needham &amp; Company LLC Raises AXT Inc  Price Target to $8.50 - BNB Daily '
p3
aS"Why Shares of AXT Inc. Moved Higher Today Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Shares of semiconductor substrate manufacturer AXT Inc.  jumped on Thursday following the company's fourth-quarter report.AXT, Inc.  PT Raised to $8.50 at Needham &amp; Company Following Strong 4Q ... - StreetInsider.com"
p4
aS'Research Brokerage Consensus Buys: AXT, Inc.  Xtant Medical ... Rives Journal - 14 hours ago Equity Research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of AXT, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 1.80.'
p5
aS'BRIEF-AXT Inc Q4 earnings per share $0.06 Reuters - Feb 22, 2017 March 17 Amgen Inc sells its cholesterol-lowering drug Repatha at a discount of about 30 percent to its U.S. list price of $14,000 a year, but the largest pharmacy benefit managers say they want lower prices after new data suggested more patients ...'
p6
aS'Why Shares of AXT Inc. Slumped on Thursday Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Shares of semiconductor substrate manufacturer AXT Inc.  slumped on Thursday after the company announced a public offering of common stock.AXT, Inc.  Prices 4.6M Offering of Common Stock at $6.50/Share - StreetInsider.comAXT announces pricing of public offering of common stock - Seeking Alpha'
p7
aS'Investor Update on Shares of AXT Inc  Davidson Register - 9 hours ago Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for AXT Inc  is resting at 0.56. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may help traders ...'
p8
aS'AXT Inc  Declare Public The Price Of Common Stock Traders350 - Mar 7, 2017 The previous shelf registration of the common stock filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  by AXT Inc  was in 4th November 2016. A prospectus for the offering will be filed with SEC and made available on its website.Stock Returns: AXT Inc  is Beating Daqo New Energy Corp.  - CML News'
p9
aS'Option Market Alert: AXT Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Amplified Level CML News - 9 hours ago No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that AXT Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p10
a.