(lp0
S'Acuity Brands, Inc. Demonstrates Retail Indoor Positioning System Solution ... GlobeNewswire  - 14 hours ago ATLANTA - March 20, 2017 - At Shoptalk 2017, Acuity Brands, Inc.  will demonstrate its latest advancements in Internet of Things  technology for retailers, including its Indoor Positioning System  solution with its new retail asset ...'
p1
aS"Why Acuity Brands, Inc. Stock Fell 19% Today Fox Business - Jan 9, 2017 Acuity Brands  reported first-quarter results in the early morning hours on Monday. In response to the news, shares of the industrial LED lighting specialist fell as much as 18.7% during the morning session.Acuity Brands  Misses on Q1 Earnings and Revenues January 09, 2017 - Zacks.comAcuity Brands'  CEO Vernon Nagel on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'Analysts Set Acuity Brands, Inc.  Target Price at $252.55 Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Acuity Brands logo Shares of Acuity Brands, Inc.  have been given a consensus recommendation of Buy by the fourteen ratings firms that are presently covering the company.Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Acuity Brands, Inc.  to Sell - Sports PerspectivesAcuity Brands, Inc.  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Community Financial News'
p3
aS"Acuity Brands, Inc. Next Generation Building Management Solutions from Distech ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 31, 2017 ATLANTA - January 31, 2017- Acuity Brands, Inc  businesses, Distech Controls and DGLogik, are exhibiting at the 2017 AHR Expo to showcase innovative controls and Internet of Things  tools that integrate with Acuity Brands' digital LED&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'A look at the fair value of Acuity Brands Inc  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Does the March share price for Acuity Brands  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p5
aS"Goldman Adds Acuity Brands To Focus List, Cites 'Strongest Competitive ... Benzinga - Sep 9, 2016 Goldman Sachs has added Acuity Brands, Inc.  to its focus list. It sees the company has the strongest competitive position among lighting peers as the sector shifts to low-carbon LED-based lighting technologies."
p6
aS'Acuity Brands, Inc. Announces Acquisition of DGLogik Yahoo Finance - Jul 7, 2016 ATLANTA, July 7, 2016 - Acuity Brands, Inc.  today announced it has acquired 100 percent of the equity interests of DGLogik, Inc., a San Francisco Bay Area-based provider of innovative software solutions that enable and visualize the Internet of ...'
p7
aS"Acuity Brands Has A Bright Future Due To Smart Lighting Orders Benzinga - Jun 30, 2016 CLSA analysts believe Acuity Brands, Inc.  has a solid future citing Smart Light Orders. Their comments come on the heels of the company's third quarter results beating the expectations on 25 percent year-over-year growth in sales apart from ..."
p8
aS"Acuity Brands'  CEO Vernon Nagel on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 6, 2016 Good morning, and welcome to the Acuity Brands Fiscal 2016 Second Quarter Financial Conference Call. After today's presentation, there will be a formal question-and-answer session.Acuity Brands profit lifted by acquisitions - MarketWatchBuy Into Acuity Brands' Bright Future - TheStreet.com"
p9
aS'Traders Take Note: Acuity Brands Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Take Note: Acuity Brands Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical ...'
p10
a.