(lp0
S'Azz Inc. Reports Another Weak Quarter Motley Fool - Jan 9, 2017 The market has been merrily pricing in a recovery in industrial market conditions, most notably in oil and gas-related spending, but the latest results from galvanizing and specialty electrical equipment company Azz Inc  suggest the recovery ...'
p1
aS'AZZ Inc. and Westinghouse Electric Company Announce Teaming Agreement ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 FORT WORTH, Texas, Jan. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AZZ Inc. , a global provider of galvanizing, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services to the power generation, transmission, distribution and industrial&nbsp;...AZZ Inc. To Retain Nuclear Logistics - Nuclear Street - Nuclear Power Plant News, Jobs, and Careers  '
p2
aS'AZZ, Inc.  FY18 Guidance Tops Views StreetInsider.com - Feb 7, 2017 AZZ Inc. , a global provider of galvanizing services, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services, today announced its revenue and earnings guidance for fiscal year 2018.AZZ Inc  Upbeat Outlook For Fiscal Year 2018 - Stock Market Daily'
p3
aS"AZZ Inc.: Here's What A Real Moat Looks Like Seeking Alpha - Dec 22, 2015 My first encounter with AZZ  happened in July, 2015 at their newly acquired galvanizing facility in San Antonio, Texas."
p4
aS"AZZ Incorporated Earnings: Margin Expansion on Its Way Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 AZZ Incorporated  stock has had a strong year, with notable outperformance compared to the S&amp;P 500 index. It's in large part due to the successful resolution of operating inefficiencies plus completing previously delayed shipments in its ..."
p5
aS"Notable movements of Stock: AZZ Inc.  Is stories - 19 hours ago AZZ's stock has received different recommendations from Financial Analysts, according to data provided by FactSet. 1 Month Ago, shares have been suggested as BUY from 0 and 0 issued SELL signal for the company's stock.3 told as a HOLD the stock."
p6
aS'AZZ, Inc.  Announces Acquisition of Alpha Galvanizing Assets StreetInsider.com - Feb 1, 2016 AZZ Inc.  announced that it has acquired the assets of Alpha Galvanizing Inc., an Atkinson, Nebraska-based business unit of Olson Industries, Inc. Alpha Galvanizing has served steel fabrication customers that manufacture electrical utility ...'
p7
aS"AZZ Incorporated Feels the Heat From Oil and Gas Motley Fool - Oct 6, 2016 As management explained on the earnings call, galvanizing is a business that doesn't operate with long lead times, so any kind of downturn  will be felt quickly in AZZ revenues. The impact was negative in the current quarter, and investors ..."
p8
aS'AZZ Incorporated Continues to Grow but Cuts Guidance Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2016 In what is likely to become a recurring theme with industrial stocks during earnings season, galvanizing and electrical products company AZZ Incorporated  reported results affected by weaker end demand. On the other hand, AZZ managed to&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"AZZ's  CEO Tom Ferguson on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Jul 5, 2016 Good morning and welcome to the AZZ Inc First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode."
p10
a.