(lp0
S'Beacon Roofing Supply to Participate in the Seaport Global Securities ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that Joseph Nowicki, Executive Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer ...Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold on Beacon Roofing ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Strengthens its Michigan Presence with the Acquisition ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that it has acquired Acme Building Materials, Inc. , a distributor ...The Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset ... - DailyQuint'
p2
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for BECN Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 In trading on Thursday, shares of Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $44.65, changing hands as low as $44.61 per share.Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comBeacon Roofing Supply Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p3
aS"Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. BECN  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p4
aS'Company Watch for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 16 hours ago Tracking shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 4060485.'
p5
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. MarketWatch - Jan 30, 2011 Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. NASDAQ: BECN. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p6
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Portland, Oregon-based ... Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Woodfeathers, Inc. , a distributor of primarily residential roofing and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Michigan-Based Fox Brothers Company Business Wire  - May 2, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Fox Brothers Company , a distributor of roofing, siding, windows, doors and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'BRIEF-Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa. Reuters - Dec 16, 2016 BRIEF-Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa. ... extends to the stock. NEW YORK, March 12 For some millennial investors, loyalty to one of their favorite apps matters more than financial details in the case of Snap Inc.'
p9
aS"Beacon Roofing Supply's  Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Chaffey Breeze - 12 hours ago Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. logo Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  in a report released on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a $46.00 price target on the stock. Several other&nbsp;...IQE PLC  Climbing The Ladder 7 Straight Sessions - Business Review"
p10
a.