(lp0
S"How Does Franklin Resources, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - 10 hours ago Franklin Resources, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Financial space, with a focus on Asset Management. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $42.22, down from yesterday's close by -3.85%.The Janus Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Franklin Resources, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24Jennifer M. Johnson Sells 16835 Shares of Franklin Resources, Inc.  Stock - BNB Daily "
p1
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Acquires 140000 Shares of Celadon Group, Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Celadon Group logo Franklin Resources Inc. raised its position in shares of Celadon Group, Inc.  by 70.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p2
aS'Ralph Lauren Corp  Shares Sold by Franklin Resources Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Ralph Lauren Corp logo Franklin Resources Inc. reduced its position in shares of Ralph Lauren Corp  by 14.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p3
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Decreases Position in Unilever plc  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Unilever plc logo Franklin Resources Inc. lowered its stake in shares of Unilever plc  by 0.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p4
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Cuts Position in Mirna Therapeutics Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Mirna Therapeutics logo Franklin Resources Inc. cut its position in shares of Mirna Therapeutics Inc  by 0.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.'
p5
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Flex Pharma Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Flex Pharma logo Franklin Resources Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of Flex Pharma Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p6
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Sells 5667433 Shares of Citigroup Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Citigroup logo Franklin Resources Inc. decreased its position in shares of Citigroup Inc  by 15.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.'
p7
aS"Franklin Resources Inc. Has $2749000 Stake in Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO  Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO logo Franklin Resources Inc. raised its position in Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO  by 394.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission ."
p8
aS'Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc.  Shares Sold by Franklin Resources Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Schnitzer Steel Industries logo Franklin Resources Inc. cut its position in Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc.  by 13.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p9
aS'PPG Industries, Inc.  Stake Cut by Franklin Resources Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago PPG Industries logo Franklin Resources Inc. cut its stake in PPG Industries, Inc.  by 0.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p10
a.