(lp0
S'Baker Hughes Incorporated  Rises 2.51% for March 20 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Monday March 20 was Baker Hughes Incorporated , popping some 2.51% to a price of $60.41 a share with some 2.72 million shares trading hands.Brokerage Views in Focus For Baker Hughes Incorporated  Ballantyne ... - Davidson RegisterBaker Hughes Incorporated  Stock ABR At 2.15 - Markets Daily'
p1
aS'Baker Hughes , GE Merger Details Requested by DOJ Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Oilfield services major Baker Hughes Incorporated BHI and industrial conglomerate General Electric Company GE were recently asked to furnish their pending merger details by the Department of Justice , U.S.GE and Baker Hughes Receive Expected Requests for Additional Information from ... - Business Wire Hot Stock for Investors: Baker Hughes Incorporated  - HugoPress'
p2
aS'Weekly Rig Counts from Baker Hughes ScandOil - Mar 18, 2017 Baker Hughes Incorporated has posted Weekly Rig Count reports to its Investor Relations website. BHI Rig Count: US +21 to 789 rigs.The Baker Hughes Rig Count Explained - Benzinga'
p3
aS"Why Is Baker Hughes  Down 5.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Baker Hughes Incorporated BHI. Shares have lost about 5.2% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Analyst's Proposition on Baker Hughes Incorporated , E*TRADE Financial ... - The USA Commerce"
p4
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Baker Hughes Incorporated , Consolidated Edison ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Baker Hughes Incorporated  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -14.45 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;...Baker Hughes Incorporated  added to 120 new portfolios - Post AnalystExperts Analysis on Price Reaction History: Baker Hughes Incorporated  - ClickLancashire"
p5
aS'Decision Time: Baker Hughes Incorporated  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - 12 hours ago Decision Time: Baker Hughes Incorporated  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p6
aS"Is It Time to go for United Rentals, Inc. , Baker Hughes Incorporated ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 15, 2017 Baker Hughes Incorporated , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -14.45, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Hot Stocks Among Investors: Baker Hughes Incorporated , CenterPoint ... - Post AnalystAnalytical Guide for Welltower Inc. , Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI ... - The USA Commerce"
p7
aS"Let's Get Technical With Baker Hughes Incorporated  USA Commerce Daily - Mar 17, 2017 With all other things going on, Baker Hughes Incorporated  has been on a free fall - declining -11.82 percent in just three months."
p8
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Baker Hughes Incorporated Stock Volatility ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Baker Hughes Incorporated  has seen its stock price move at an inflection point level.'
p9
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: Fastenal Company , Baker Hughes ... StockNewsJournal - Feb 21, 2017 Baker Hughes Incorporated , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -14.45, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p10
a.