(lp0
S'US Stem Cell Inc  Still Looks Like A Winner Insider Financial - Mar 16, 2017 At the beginning of March, we highlighted US Stem Cell Inc  as being one to watch. The company is a stem cell player in the US, and we argued that its PPS was not accurately reflecting its potential.'
p1
aS"Greg Knutson Joins US Stem Cell, Inc.'s Board of Directors Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 SUNRISE, FL / ACCESSWIRE / March 7, 2017 / U.S. Stem Cell, Inc.,  a Florida corporation and leader in novel regenerative medicine solutions and physician-based stem cell therapies for human and animal patients, is pleased to announce that Greg&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Things Still Looking Good for US Stem Cell Inc  Street Register - Mar 17, 2017 US Stem Cell Inc  was up over 30% in one day recently, and extended its year to date gain to over 1,350%. However, the stock was still down over 85% over the past year.When stem cell treatments go wrong, they really go wrong - BioEdgeFlorida Stem Cell Treatment Leaves 3 Blind - WUSF News'
p3
aS"US Stem Cell Inc : Look Beyond The Metrics Insider Financial - Mar 2, 2017 For those not familiar with US Stem Cell, it's - as its name suggests - a stem cell company that is working on a host of different therapies for various indications, but primarily  a fat based stem cell treatment ...Here's the Story on US Stem Cell Inc  - The Oracle Dispatch"
p4
aS'More Clarity Emerges on US Stem Cell Inc  The Oracle Dispatch - Mar 13, 2017 US Stem Cell Inc  is a penny player in the stem cell space that recently caught some major air off the pattern lows.'
p5
aS'Patients left blind after paying for experimental stem cell treatment Reuters - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK  - Researchers are warning consumers to be wary of doctors who claim to be able to cure illness using stem cells after three women, at least two who thought they were enrolling in a government-registered trial, were left ...3 Women Blinded By Unproven Stem Cell Treatments - NPRDoctors say Florida stem cell clinic left 3 women blind - CBS News'
p6
aS'Traders News Issues Comprehensive Report on US Stem Cell, Inc. Regenerative ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / March 6, 2017 / Traders News Source, a leading independent equity research and corporate access firm focused on small and micro-cap public companies is issuing a comprehensive report with no obligation on U.S. Stem&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'What Is Going On With US Stem Cell Inc ? Journal Transcript - Mar 1, 2017 US Stem Cell Inc  a Florida corporation and pioneer in novel regenerative medicine offerings and physician-based stem cell treatments to animal and human patients, reported the newest publication by Chief Scientific Officer, Kristin&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'US Stem Cell Inc  Finding Support After Consolidating Off of ... Street Register - Mar 9, 2017 Shares of US Stem Cell Inc  began to stabilize this week on the heels of a rather large consolidation that affected the stock over a period of several trading days following its huge February price explosion.'
p9
aS'US Stem Cell, Inc.  Shares Spike Higher By 62% Street Register - Feb 27, 2017 Shares of U.S. Stem Cell, Inc.  are surging early in the session today. The stock price is up over 62% on heavy volume.'
p10
a.