(lp0
S'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For The Bank Of Kentucky Financial Corp ... Fiscal Standard - Mar 8, 2017 01/21/2014 - The Bank of Kentucky Financial Corp. was upgraded to outperform by analysts at Zacks. They now have a USD 38.9 price target on the stock.'
p1
aS'As The Bank Of Kentucky Financial Corp. Trades Do Analysts Recommend You Sell? The De Soto Edge - Feb 6, 2017 The Bank of Kentucky Financial Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiary The Bank of Kentucky, Inc. , is engaged in the banking business. The Bank provides financial services and other financial solutions&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'The Bank Of Kentucky Financial Corp.  Receives An Update From Brokers The De Soto Edge - Jan 29, 2017 12/19/2014 - The Bank of Kentucky Financial Corp. had its  rating reiterated by analysts at Jefferies. They now have a USD 43 price target on the stock.'
p3
aS'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1117000 Position in ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Synovus Financial Corp. logo Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky reduced its position in shares of Synovus Financial Corp.  by 4.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and ...'
p4
aS'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Lowers Position in E*TRADE ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky reduced its stake in shares of E*TRADE Financial Corp  by 17.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Research Ratings: The Goldfield Corporation , E*TRADE Financial ... - Normangee Star'
p5
aS'Wintrust Financial Corp  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 3, 2017 Wintrust Financial Corp logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Wintrust Financial Corp  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Tuesday.'
p6
aS'The Wintrust Financial Corp  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Mar 12, 2017 According to Zacks, Wintrust Financial Corporation is a bank holding company which provides banking services, trust and investment services, commercial insurance premium financing, short-term accounts receivable financing, and certain administrative ...'
p7
aS'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Wintrust Financial Corp  to Buy BNB Daily  - Mar 1, 2017 Wintrust Financial Corp logo Wintrust Financial Corp  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued on Wednesday.'
p8
aS'Wintrust Financial Corp  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 6, 2017 Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Wintrust Financial Corp  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday.'
p9
aS"Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Community Financial News - 15 hours ago The Company's bank subsidiaries include Farmers Bank &amp; Capital Trust Company, United Bank &amp; Trust Company, First Citizens Bank and Citizens Bank of Northern Kentucky, Inc The Company also owns FCB Services, Inc, a data processing subsidiary, and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.