(lp0
S"Mid-Afternoon Market Update: CytomX Therapeutics Climbs Following Bristol ... Nasdaq - 11 hours ago CytomX Therapeutics Inc  shares were also up, gaining 24 percent to $18.89. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co  and CytomX Therapeutics disclosed that they have extended worldwide partnership to discover Probody therapeutics for&nbsp;...Bristol-Myers Squibb and CytomX Therapeutics Extend Worldwide Collaboration to ... - Yahoo FinanceCytomX's stock rockets after expanding Bristol-Myers collaboration - MarketWatch"
p1
aS'Dodge &amp; Cox Buys Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Zayo Group Holdings, Medtronic ... GuruFocus.com - 12 hours ago San Francisco, CA, based Investment company Dodge &amp; Cox buys Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Zayo Group Holdings, Medtronic PLC, Agrium, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Dell Technologies, Juniper Networks, Cemex SAB de CV, LiLAC Group, LiLAC&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"The Big Reason Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Stock Exploded 15% Higher in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb , a U.S. drug giant that's primarily focused on oncology, cardiovascular, and immunoscience therapies, catapulted higher by 15% during February, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Bristol-Myers Squibb  CEO Giovanni Caforio Presents at Cowen and Company ... - Seeking AlphaInsider Trading Activity Bristol-Myers Squibb Co   EVP Sold 92405 ... - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS"Carl Icahn's Next Target: Bristol-Myers Squibb Forbes - Feb 22, 2017 Activist investor Carl Icahn just announced his latest target: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Bristol-Myers Squibb has been the focus of several activist investors in recent months and on Tuesday the company shook up its board to satisfy other activist ...Bristol-Myers: Buyout Bound? - Seeking AlphaSearle &amp; Co. Buys Exxon Mobil, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bank of America - GuruFocus.com"
p4
aS'Bristol-Myers Squibb Names New R&amp;D Chief Wall Street Journal  - Mar 8, 2017 Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said it would replace its research-and-development chief, naming a Massachusetts General Hospital executive to the key job as the company seeks to move past a major drug-development setback.Forget the Distractions: Bristol-Myers Squibb Is a Bargain - Motley FoolBristol-Myers Squibb to Announce Results for First Quarter 2017 on April 27 - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"Bristol-Myers Squibb's Valuation Compared to Its Peers' Market Realist - Mar 16, 2017 Headquartered in New York City, Bristol-Myers Squibb  is an American pharmaceutical company dealing in innovative medicines for patients with serious diseases in therapeutic areas such as virology, oncology, cardiovascular, neuroscience, and&nbsp;...Bristol-Myers Squibb Co  Position Lowered by Fiduciary Financial Services ... - Chaffey BreezeAnalysts Near-Term outlook: MGM Resorts International , Bristol-Myers ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS"Carl Icahn Takes Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Wall Street Journal  - Feb 21, 2017 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn has taken a stake in pharmaceutical giant Bristol-Myers Squibb. WSJ's David Benoit and Tanya Rivero discuss the reasons behind Icahn's move, which came on the same day the company made efforts to appease&nbsp;...Carl Icahn swoops in, takes stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb - MarketWatchBristol-Myers Squibb  Announces $2B Accelerated Share Repurchase and ... - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS'Bristol-Myers Squibb to Take Part in Cowen and Company 37th Annual Global ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Bristol-Myers Squibb Company  will present at the Cowen and Company 37th Annual Global Health Care Conference on Monday, March 6, 2017, in Boston.Owning Bristol-Myers Squibb With Less Risk - Seeking AlphaCarl Icahn Takes Aim at Bristol-Myers Squibb - Motley Fool'
p8
aS'Bristol-Myers: A Massive Would-Be Takeover Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Carl Icahn is getting more interested in biotech, notably Bristol-Myers Squibb . For starters, Icahn has a stake in BMY, ... The thesis is that the $100 billion drug company might be a buyout target. Generally, the focus is on selling off ...'
p9
aS"A small drug company that's trying to make cancer treatments safer just ... Business Insider - 15 hours ago CytomX, a biotech that's developing safer ways to administer cancer immunotherapies, just got another $200 million from drug giant Bristol-Myers Squibb. Bristol-Myers has two drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, that are a part of a new class of cancer treatments&nbsp;...CytomX Therapeutics Announces Teleconference and Webcast to Provide Corporate ... - Nasdaq"
p10
a.