(lp0
S'BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - 8 hours ago On March 15, 2017, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors  of Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  adopted the 2017 Short Term Incentive Plan . Under the 2017 Plan, certain of the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc  Continues Positive Momentum Business Review - 13 hours ago Bridgepoint Education Inc  has ended in the black for consecutive sessions, indicating strong upward momentum. In taking a look at recent performance, we can see that shares have moved 7.46% over the past week, 3.18% over the past 4-weeks,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Bridgepoint Education Inc Implied Price ... CML News - 8 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Bridgepoint Education Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p3
aS"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Bridgepoint Education Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Bridgepoint Education Inc Lifted by Analyst  - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc. Continues Its Slow Bleed Motley Fool - Aug 6, 2015 While Bridgepoint Education  has thus far escaped the death sentence that some of its for-profit peers have experienced, it continues to struggle.'
p5
aS"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Is Bridgepoint Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About Its ... - Simply Wall StBridgepoint Education Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p6
aS'Bridgepoint Education Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  harnesses the latest technology to reimagine the modern student experience. Bridgepoint owns two academic institutions - Ashford University and University of the Rockies.'
p7
aS'Bridgepoint Education: The Rise And Fall Seeking Alpha - Jun 23, 2016 Bridgepoint Education  has come a long way from the Warburg Pincus seed money received in 2003. The transformation of an underperforming Catholic college into the third largest degree granting university in the nation by fall 2012 churning&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Why Isn't Bridgepoint A Penny Stock Yet? Seeking Alpha - Oct 23, 2016 Bridgepoint Education  is in the midst of a turnaround strategy that aims to correct the years of inadequate oversight and poor academic standards at its flagship online school, Ashford University."
p9
aS"Bridgepoint Education  Announces Agreement with CFPB StreetInsider.com - Sep 12, 2016 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  today announced an agreement with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  to forgive loans taken by approximately 1,277 current and former students who borrowed from Bridgepoint institution's student&nbsp;...For-profit Bridgepoint Education forced to forgive $24 million in private ... - Washington PostFor-profit college ordered to refund student loans - CNNMoney"
p10
a.