(lp0
S'BPL eyes Rs.600 cr. business in 3 years The Hindu - Aug 3, 2016 Consumer electronics maker BPL Ltd. is aiming for a turnover of Rs.600 crore in the next three years from the consumer electronics business, which it exited in 2006.'
p1
aS"A new home for BPL Business Standard - May 16, 2016 BPL, the brand that once strode the Indian markets as one of the country's homegrown success stories, is diving back into the mainstream.How BPL, household name in electronics space until 2000, is being resurrected - Financial Express"
p2
aS"BPL takes Flipkart route to re-launch consumer electronics' business Hindu Business Line - May 27, 2016 Former Indian consumer electronics' giant BPL Ltd is back in the business after a major restructuring of operations, which includes clearing all accumulated debts."
p3
aS"The story of BPL's amazing comeback, riding the online wave on the shoulders ... YourStory.com - Mar 14, 2016 BPL had sold off most of its factories and the old local suppliers no longer existed. The world also had moved to outsourced production."
p4
aS"BPL was India's largest exporter of TVs: Ajit Nambiar The New Indian Express - Oct 7, 2016 We will assess our performance and take a call on exports to select markets after a couple of years, BPL Ltd Chairman and Managing Director Ajit G Nambiar told Express."
p5
aS'BPL ties up with Flipkart in bid to recreate past success in TV sales Livemint - Aug 28, 2015 Ltd and LG Electronics Inc., weak finances and a feud in the family that runs the company. Now, BPL Ltd is attempting to reclaim its past success by not only improving the technology that goes into making TVs, but by embracing e-commerce, a channel ...'
p6
aS"BPL returns: The legacy of an iconic electronics brand all set to invade your ... The News Minute - Jul 5, 2016 Sitting next to him in the large conference room at BPL's HQ Dynamic House in Church Street, is his colleague Manmohan Ganesh, a General Manager at the 53-year-old company."
p7
aS'BPL stock gains over 100% in last one month on higher volumes Livemint - Sep 21, 2016 Mumbai: Shares of BPL Ltd gained over 100% in last one month on the back of higher volumes. The stock hit over an eight-and-half year high.'
p8
aS"Broken Hill Prospecting Ltd appoints Anthony Johnston as CEO Proactive Investors Australia - May 20, 2016 While the high-grade Copi North and Magic minerals sand deposits have garnered major focus it is the cobalt-pyrite project, Thackaringa that is attracting global investor's attention and also renewed interest in development by BPL. Thackaringa has been&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Broken Hill Prospecting Ltd extends minerals sands resource by 4kms Proactive Investors Australia - Apr 27, 2016 Broken Hill Prospecting Ltd's  latest drill results from the Copi North heavy mineral sands  deposit has extended shallow titanium and zirconium mineralisation further west and outside of the current resource by four kilometres."
p10
a.