(lp0
S'Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.055 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 04, 2017.Earnings Clues on Kate Spade &amp; Company , Brocade Communications Systems ... - StockNewsJournalSell-side Views on: Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRCD ... - Rives Journal'
p1
aS'Brocade Communications in Advanced Talks to Sell Itself Bloomberg - Oct 31, 2016 Brocade Communications Systems Inc. is in advanced talks to sell itself, according to people familiar with the matter. The network-equipment maker is nearing the final stages of a sale process, said the people, who asked not to be named because the&nbsp;...Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  In Deal Play? - Scibility MediaWhy Shares of Brocade Communications Soared Today - Motley Fool'
p2
aS'Why Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. Stock Jumped Today Motley Fool - Nov 2, 2016 Shares of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  were surging today after its acquisition by Broadcom , following days of anticipation.Broadcom Limited to Acquire Brocade Communications Systems Inc. for $5.9 Billion - GlobeNewswire Chipmaker Broadcom to buy network gear maker Brocade for $5.5 billion - Reuters'
p3
aS'Brocade Communications Systems Inc Reports 43% Decline In Q1 Earnings Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017  - Brocade Communications Systems Inc  reported earnings for first quarter that decreased from last year.Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market ExclusiveBrocade Communications Systems, Inc.  - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS"Earnings Clues on Under Armour, Inc. , Brocade Communications Systems, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.98, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Featured Stock to Focus: Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  - HugoPressStock Price Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  Compared to Index - Highland Mirror"
p5
aS'Why Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. Stock Jumped 36.3% in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 10, 2017 Shares of Brocade Communications Systems  skyrocketed 36.3% in 2016, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the networking solutions company agreed to be acquired by analog and digital semiconductor&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Market Focus: Zooming in on Shares of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc ... Sherwood Daily - 12 hours ago Looking at shares of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 6262306.'
p7
aS'Price Alert: Brocade Communications Systems Inc  Stock Nears ... CML News - 12 hours ago Price Alert: Brocade Communications Systems Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p8
aS"Brocade's Ruckus Wireless Business Unit And Intersection Announce Partnership ... PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 Brocade, the B-wing symbol, and MyBrocade are registered trademarks of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., in the United States and in other countries.Brocade Communications Systems Inc.: Brocade's Ruckus Wireless Business Unit ... - The Wall Street Transcript"
p9
aS'Upcoming/New CFIUS Filing: ARRIS International plc, Brocade Communications ... The National Law Review - Mar 4, 2017 23, 2017, SEC Filing.) Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., a California network and data storage solutions company, announced that it entered into a definitive merger agreement with Broadcom in November 2016, valued at approximately US$5.5 billion.'
p10
a.