(lp0
S"Boston Scientific Receives Favorable Rulings In Edwards Lifesciences Litigation PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 MARLBOROUGH, Mass., March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boston Scientific Corporation  today announced the German District Court of Dsseldorf has determined that Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and its German subsidiary's Sapien 3&nbsp;...Edwards Lifesciences  Announces German Court Ruled Boston Scientific's ... - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS'Boston Scientific Announces Six Finalists in 2nd Annual Connected Patient ... PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 MARLBOROUGH, Mass., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boston Scientific Corporation  today announced six finalists in its second annual Connected Patient Challenge, an open competition focused on turning big data into actionable&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Taking a Look at the Data Behind Boston Scientific Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 10 hours ago Boston Scientific Corporation  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Medical Appliances &amp; Equipment.Reliable stocks in today's share market: Boston Scientific Corporation  - The News JournalUK authorities recommended the use of Boston Scientific Corporation (NYSE:BSX ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p3
aS'NICE Recommends Boston Scientific CRT-D Devices Powered By EnduraLife ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 MARLBOROUGH, Mass., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence  issued medical technology guidance recommending the use of Boston Scientific Corporation  cardiac resynchronization&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: CR Bard Inc  versus Boston Scientific Corporation ... CML News - 10 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for C. R. Bard Inc  versus Boston Scientific Corporation  .'
p5
aS'Boston Scientific shares sink after device pulled, lifting rival Edwards ... MarketWatch - Feb 23, 2017 Boston Scientific Corporation shares sunk 6.2% in morning trade Thursday after the company said it would pull its Lotus Valve line of heart valve devices from the market after reports of device malfunctions.Boston Scientific to Participate in Cowen and Company 37th Annual Healthcare ... - PR Newswire Boston Scientific Recalls All Lotus Valves, Including Lotus With Depth Guard - TCTMD'
p6
aS"German Court Rules In Favor Of Boston Scientific Corporation  In ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 A court in Germany has ruled that patents held by Boston Scientific Corporation  were infringed upon by Edwards Lifesciences Corp .Blog Coverage German and UK Courts Rule in Favor of Boston Scientifics' Patent ... - Yahoo Finance"
p7
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Boston ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 When this information was revealed to investors, the value of Boston Scientific fell, causing investors harm. If you have any questions concerning your legal rights, please immediately contact Goldberg Law PC at 800-977-7401, or visit our website at&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Boston Scientific To Participate In Barclays Global Healthcare Conference PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 MARLBOROUGH, Mass., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boston Scientific Corporation  will participate in the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference on March 15 in Miami Beach, Florida.Boston Scientific Corporation Risk Points versus Health Care - CML News'
p9
aS"Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP Commences Investigation on Behalf of Boston ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP  announces an investigation on behalf of Boston Scientific Corporation   investors concerning the Company and its officers' possible violations of federal securities laws."
p10
a.