(lp0
S'Does Zero-Debt Really Make Ballantyne Strong Inc  A Financially Strong ... Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 The direct benefit for Ballantyne Strong Inc , which sports a zero-debt capital structure, to include debt in its capital structure is the reduced cost of capital.'
p1
aS'Price Target Updates on Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd.  Ballantyne ... Rives Journal - 14 hours ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00. Those ...'
p2
aS'Brokerage Views in Focus For Baker Hughes Incorporated  Ballantyne ... Davidson Register - 8 hours ago Stock research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Baker Hughes Incorporated . Analysts are projecting that the stock will reach $69.70 on a short term  basis.'
p3
aS'Technical Review on Shares of Ballantyne Strong Inc  Davidson Register - 10 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for Ballantyne Strong Inc  is currently sitting at 0.31. The ATR basically measures the volatility ...'
p4
aS'Decision Time: Ballantyne Strong, Inc  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - 13 hours ago Decision Time: Ballantyne Strong, Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p5
aS"Form 8-K BALLANTYNE STRONG, INC. For: Mar 16 StreetInsider.com - Mar 16, 2017 Ballantyne Strong, Inc.  issued a press release on March 16, 2017 with earnings information for the Company's fiscal quarter and year ended December 31, 2016."
p6
aS'Cash Is King: Activists Target Ballantyne Strong, Inc. Seeking Alpha - Sep 23, 2016 Ballantyne Strong, Inc.   is such kind of investments that you identify via kind courtesy of activist investors; in this case, Steinberg Asset Management, LLC.'
p7
aS'BALLANTYNE STRONG, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 of the Board of Directors of Ballantyne Strong, Inc. , approved base salaries for 2017, payment of 2016 cash bonuses and grants of stock options and restricted stock to the.'
p8
aS"Ballantyne Strong Isn't Looking So Strong Seeking Alpha - May 28, 2015 Amid a rapidly changing market, Ballantyne Strong has fought hard to change its business model so that it can not only survive but also thrive."
p9
aS'Insider Alert: Ballantyne Strong, Inc  Notable Insider Activity Melville Review - 12 hours ago Company insiders at Ballantyne Strong, Inc  have increased their position in the stock by 55.65% over the past 6 months.'
p10
a.