(lp0
S'TransDigm Group Incorporated and Breeze-Eastern Corporation Announce ... PR Newswire  - Nov 19, 2015 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- TransDigm Group Incorporated   and Breeze-Eastern Corporation   today announced a definitive merger agreement providing for Breeze-Eastern to become an indirect&nbsp;...Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Breeze-Eastern Corporation  by ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS'TransDigm Group Incorporated Completes Tender Offer For Shares Of Breeze ... PR Newswire  - Jan 4, 2016 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- TransDigm Group Incorporated   and Breeze-Eastern Corporation   today announced the successful completion of the tender offer by TransDigm, through an indirect&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Breeze-Eastern Corporation Major Shareholder Opposes TransDigm Group Merger Marketwired  - Dec 8, 2015 NEW YORK, NY-- - VN Capital Management LLC, an investment advisor to a fund holding approximately 12.6% of Breeze-Eastern Corporation  common shares, opposes the recently announced merger agreement&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Brad Pedersen Named Breeze-Eastern Corporation's President and Chief Executive ... EON: Enhanced Online News  - May 22, 2012 WHIPPANY, N.J.----Breeze-Eastern Corporation  today announced that Brad Pedersen has been appointed to serve as the Company's new President and Chief Executive Officer."
p4
aS'Breeze-Eastern Corporation Go-Shop: Is Anyone Interested? Mr. Market Thinks So Seeking Alpha - Nov 24, 2015 TransDigm will start a cash tender on or before December 3, 2015. Its bid is for an amount of $19.61 per share in cash. Introduction.'
p5
aS"First Shareholders Step Out To Oppose The Dubious Takeunder Of Breeze-Eastern Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2015 Breeze-Eastern Corporation  is the only company dedicated to the design, manufacture and sale of rescue hoists and cargo winches for the majority of helicopters, as well as several military cargo aircraft and has been recently 'approached'&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Breeze-Eastern to open innovation center here soon Fredericksburg.com - Feb 19, 2015 BreezeEastern Corp., a New Jersey-based company that manufactures high-per formance lifting devices for helicopters, will open a Fredericksburg innovation center in the coming months.'
p7
aS"New Illuminated Bumper for Breeze-Eastern Rescue Hooks to be Displayed at HAI ... AviationPros.com - Mar 5, 2017 The FAA also recently approved the use of any of Breeze-Eastern's three proven rescue hooks with any Breeze-Eastern rescue hoist. Previously, the hooks had been limited to use on specific hoists. The change will provide greater flexibility for ..."
p8
aS"Breeze-Eastern Secures $37 Million Contract For Advanced Rescue Hoists The Leading Aviation Industry Resource for News, Equipment and - Jan 26, 2014 WHIPPANY, N.J., January 22, 2014 - Breeze-Eastern Corporation , the aerospace industry's only dedicated hoist and winch specialist, has been selected by the U.S."
p9
aS"Just One Stock: The Small Manufacturer Dominating the Rescue Hoist Market Seeking Alpha - Jan 12, 2011 Several times a week, Seeking Alpha's Jason Aycock asks money managers about their single highest-conviction position - what they would own  if they could choose just one stock or ETF."
p10
a.