(lp0
S"Casey's General Stores Inc Continues to Fall Short of Stated Goals Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 For a number of years, Casey's General Stores  investors were rewarded by the small-town convenience chain's decision to become a major vendor of pizza and other prepared foods.Casey's General Stores Profit Slumps on Higher Expenses - Wall Street Journal Casey's General Stores Inc. Bottom Line Declines 40% In Q3 - Nasdaq"
p1
aS"Nutrisystem, Casey's General Stores, Texas Instruments,Telefonica and Deere ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Chicago, IL - March 14, 2017 Zacks Equity Research highlights Nutrisystem, Inc.  as the Bull of the Day, Casey's General Stores, Inc.  as the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks Equity Research&nbsp;...Bear of the Day: Casey's General Stores  - Zacks.com"
p2
aS"Why Casey's General Stores Inc. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 That's not to say Casey's General Stores' performance was terrible. The chain did, after all, set a fresh company record for fiscal Q1 earnings.Casey's General Stores Profit Rises, But Results Miss Expectations - Wall Street JournalCasey's General Stores Readies to Enter Ohio - CSNews Online"
p3
aS"Casey's General Stores Inc  VP William J. Walljasper Sells 2200 Shares Chaffey Breeze - 9 hours ago Casey's General Stores logo Casey's General Stores Inc  VP William J. Walljasper sold 2,200 shares of the company's stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th.The Analysts Set Expectations for Casey's General Stores Inc's Q3 2018 ... - Petro Global News 24Why Casey's General Stores Inc's  ROE Of 17.2% Does Not Tell The Whole Story - Simply Wall St"
p4
aS"Casey's General Stores Taps SpeedLine Solution for Growing Pizza Operations CSNews Online - Mar 17, 2017 ANKENY, Iowa - Casey's General Stores Inc. has selected SpeedLine Solutions Inc.'s integrated point of sale  and enterprise restaurant management systems for its expanding pizza delivery operations.Casey's Launches New Pizza-Delivery POS - CSPDailyNews.com"
p5
aS"Casey's General Stores Inc Admits It Won't Reach Goals, Ramps Up Expansion Motley Fool - Dec 8, 2016 While city dwellers might not be familiar with the name, those who live in rural America -- particularly the Midwest and Great Plains -- know that Casey's General Stores  is much more than just a gas station or convenience store. For ...Casey's Positioned for Future Growth - Convenience Store DecisionsCasey's  CEO Terry Handley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"Casey's General Stores Inc. Misses Estimate in Prepared-Foods Segment Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 Casey's General Stores , which operates quick-service gas and food stations in small towns throughout the rural Midwest, released first-quarter earnings Tuesday and Wall Street was not happy."
p7
aS"Where Casey's General Stores Inc. Fell Short Motley Fool - Jun 7, 2016 Convenience stores represent a very fragmented market. One of the biggest players is Casey's General Stores , which focuses on building clusters of stores in small-town America."
p8
aS"Francois Oil Sells Five C-stores to Casey's General Stores CSNews Online - Mar 16, 2017 Terry Monroe of American Business Brokers &amp; Advisors, based in Effingham, Ill., and Bill Fecht of W.J.F. Services Inc. based in Normal, Ill.Casey's Acquires 5 C-Stores in Wisconsin - CSPDailyNews.com"
p9
aS"Is Now A Good Time For Investors Looking For An Entry Point Into Casey's ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 Casey's General Stores, Inc. has demonstrated strong stock price appreciation over the last several years. The stock has pulled back from a 52-week high of about $136 per share, and is trading around $112 per share as of the writing of this article.3 Things Casey's General Stores Management Wants You to Know - Motley FoolQ3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Caseys General Stores, Inc. Issued By Jefferies ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p10
a.