(lp0
S'Ciber, Inc.  to Sell Its Infor Practice To Infor StreetInsider.com - 18 hours ago Ciber, Inc. , a leading global information technology consulting, services and outsourcing company, today announced an agreement to sell its Infor Practice to Infor, a leading provider of beautiful business applications specialized by ...'
p1
aS"Ciber says it received Ameri Holdings's offer, but says little else Denver Business Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Ciber Inc. said Tuesday that it has received Ameri Holdings Inc.'s offer to buy the company at 75 cents per share, but said little else.AMERI100 Offers to Merge with CIBER - Yahoo FinanceCiber, Inc.  to Review Offer From Ameri Holdings - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS"BRIEF-Ciber agrees to sell its Infor practice to Infor Reuters - 18 hours ago March 20 Ciber Inc: * Ciber announces agreement to sell its Infor practice to Infor. * Ciber Inc - employees from Ciber's Infor practice will transition to Infor when transaction closes."
p3
aS"Beverly Hills hedge fund wants to add two candidates to Ciber's board Denver Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 A Beverly Hills hedge fund wants to add two of its candidates to the board of Ciber Inc. Legion Partners Asset Management, which owns about 15 percent of the shares of the Greenwood Village-based IT outsourcing company , said it plans to&nbsp;...Ciber, Inc.  Corfirms Legion Partner Asset Mgmt's Intent to Nominate Two ... - StreetInsider.comCIBER, Inc.  Shares Sold by Royce &amp; Associates LP - BNB Daily "
p4
aS'Ciber wins more time to pay back Wells Fargo Denver Business Journal - Mar 6, 2017 Ciber Inc. has won more time and now has until March 31 to pay back the $28.2 million it owes on a Wells Fargo credit line.'
p5
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up Ciber Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Ciber Inc.  reported that Legion Partners Asset Management, Llc."
p6
aS'Broker Rating Review For Power Solutions International, Inc. (NASDAQ:PSIX ... Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Equity Research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Power Solutions International, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score ...'
p7
aS'Ciber, Inc.  Analyst Opinion And Outlook Post Analyst - 19 hours ago Ciber, Inc.  traded at an unexpectedly low level on 03/17/2017 when the stock experienced a -6% loss to a closing price of $0.47.Sell-side analyst take on Ciber, Inc.  SolarEdge Technologies, Inc ... - Davidson RegisterFundamentals in Focus for Ciber, Inc.  - The Finance Registrar'
p8
aS'CIBER, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 In connection with the closing of the Ciber Spain Sale , on February 28, 2017, Ciber, Inc. , for itself and on behalf the other borrowers party thereto, and Ciber AG entered into Consent  to the Credit ...'
p9
aS'Analyst Views On Top Movers In Recent Trade: Ciber, Inc. , Celadon Group ... Post Analyst - Mar 17, 2017 Ciber, Inc.  failed to surprise the stock market in its last reported earnings when it earned -$0.23 a piece versus the consensus-estimated -$0.09.'
p10
a.