(lp0
S'Wireless REIT Crown Castle: Dependable DGI Comfort In A Chaotic World Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 However, double-digit constant currency growth rates internationally can be buffeted by forex headwinds. Recently, cash AFFO per share growth has been hit by adjustments due to a strong dollar.DE Burlo Group Inc. Lowers Position in Crown Castle International Corporation ... - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'Crown Castle Makes Switch to Real-Estate Investment Trust Wall Street Journal - Jan 6, 2014 Cell-tower company Crown Castle International Corp. said Monday it has commenced operating as a real-estate investment trust, effective Jan. 1. The company, based in Houston, had said in September that it planned to begin operating as a REIT by early&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Wireless Tower REIT Crown Castle - A DGI Buying Opportunity Once Again? Seeking Alpha - Nov 29, 2016 Crown Castle is the only one of three such companies solely focused on top US markets. This is both good news and bad news, because the US is a more mature market when it comes to smartphone adoption.Is Crown Castle International Corp.  a Good Stock To Buy? - Insider Monkey '
p3
aS'Crown Castle International Corp.   Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 20, 2017 Crown Castle International Corp.   traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 20, as the stock lost 1.4% to close at $89.23.Stock Movers- Crown Castle International Corp.  , Colony ... - Wall Street Times Crown Castle International Corporation  Shares Bought by Fiduciary ... - BNB Daily '
p4
aS'Wireless REIT Crown Castle: Can Small Cells Become A Big Moat? Seeking Alpha - Apr 27, 2016 The growth of wireless data is a secular tailwind for Crown Castle International and its publicly traded peers, American Tower and SBA Communications.'
p5
aS"Wireless Tower REIT: Crown Castle's CFO Brown Explains 'Small Cell' Economics Seeking Alpha - Sep 11, 2015 Crown Castle International is the only communication tower REIT focused entirely on U.S. wireless markets. The third-party tower mast ownership business model has resulted in outstanding returns and growth over the last 10 years."
p6
aS"Crown Castle CEO Explains Tower REIT's Recession-Resistant Dividend Growth Model Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2016 Crown Castle International is the only communication tower REIT focused entirely on U.S. wireless markets. Wireless tower REITs control the land and own the steel structures which the carriers use to send and receive signals to your smartphone and ..."
p7
aS'News Buzz Altria Group Inc , Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT ... Daily News Journal - 15 hours ago On Friday, Altria Group Inc  stock opened its trade at $75.42 and after floating in a range of $75.15 to $75.87, settled at $75.16.The Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Invests $216000 in Crown Castle ... - Petro Global News 24Stock Price of Crown Castle International Corporation  Decreases -0.53% - Highland Mirror'
p8
aS'Crown Castle: A High-Yield REIT Paying Safe, Growing Dividends Seeking Alpha - Jun 4, 2016 Crown Castle has a very reliable business model that generates high margins and reliable free cash flow. The company should benefit as demand for data and wireless connectivity continues to grow, allowing it to consistently increase its earnings and&nbsp;...A High-Yield REIT Paying Safe, Growing Dividends - GuruFocus.com'
p9
aS'Insider Trading at Crown Castle International Corp. ? Chaffey Breeze - Mar 11, 2017 Crown Castle International Corp.  logo Crown Castle International Corp.   Director Robert E. Garrison II sold 2,413 shares of Crown Castle International Corp.  stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The shares were ...'
p10
a.