(lp0
S"Cadence Achieves Certification for TSMC's 7nm Process Technology PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  today announced several new capabilities resulting from its close collaboration with TSMC to further 7nm FinFET design innovation for mobile and&nbsp;...Cadence Expands Capabilities of Integrated Design and Analysis Flow for TSMC ... - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS"Technicals in Focus for Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Cadence Design Systems, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p2
aS'Media Alert: Cadence Showcases IP and Design Solutions for Automotive ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 FELDKIRCHEN, Germany, March 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  will showcase its latest Tensilica DSPs and design tools targeted for automotive applications at embedded world 2017. The demonstrations will&nbsp;...Is It Time to go for Cadence Design Systems, Inc. , ILG, Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'Cadence Delivers Foundry-Enabled In-Design and Signoff Lithography Simulation ... PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  today announced the Cadence Litho Physical Analyzer  Production Lithography Unified Solution  developed in partnership with ASML, which seamlessly provides&nbsp;...ASML extends holistic patterning strategy with Cadence partnership - GlobeNewswire '
p4
aS"Cadence Design Systems  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today.Why Shares of Cadence Design Systems Surged Today - Motley Fool"
p5
aS'Alango Voice Communication and Voice Enhancement Packages Now Available for ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  today announced its collaboration with Alango Technologies Ltd.'
p6
aS'Cadence Design Systems President and CEO Lip-Bu Tan to Present at Morgan ... PR Newswire  - Feb 10, 2017 WHAT: Lip-Bu Tan will speak at the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media &amp; Telecom Conference at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco.'
p7
aS"Most Active Stock: Cadence Design Systems Inc.  HugoPress - 15 hours ago JP Morgan Downgrades Cadence Design Systems Inc. 's stock to Underweight with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 12/12/16.Today's Brokerage Rating: Cadence Design Systems, Inc. , Nordstrom, Inc ... - StockNewsJournalCadence Design Systems Inc  &amp; National Retail Properties, Inc ... - Daily News Journal"
p8
aS"Cadence Named One of Fortune &quot;100 Best Companies to Work For&quot; in 2017 PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 The company's System Design Enablement strategy helps customers develop differentiated products in mobile, consumer, cloud datacenter, automotive, aerospace, IoT, industrial and other market segments."
p9
aS"Cadence Launches Xcelium Parallel Simulator, the Industry's First Production ... PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  today announced the Xcelium Parallel Simulator, the industry's first production-ready third generation simulator.Cadence Design Systems  Launches Protium S1 FPGA-Based Prototyping ... - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.