(lp0
S'Celadon Group Inc.  Plunges 5.3% on March 20 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Celadon Group Inc.  had a rough trading day for Monday March 20 as shares tumbled 5.3%, or a loss of $-0.4 per share, to close at $7.15.Franklin Resources Inc. Acquires 140000 Shares of Celadon Group, Inc.  - Chaffey BreezeIn focus: Celadon Group, Inc.  Trading Patterns - Post Analyst'
p1
aS"Option Market Alert: Celadon Group Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Unsually ... CML News - 10 hours ago Risk Alert: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Celadon Group Inc  risk is elevated. We'll detail it below -- but that's the lede -- the option market is starting to flash those neon lights that signal &quot;risk is rising&quot; with ..."
p2
aS"Celadon Group: The Smoking Gun Emerges Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 I believe the information contained in this article about Celadon Group's   alleged wrongdoing is a matter of public interest."
p3
aS'Celadon Group: Troubling Information About The JV With Element And 19th ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 The activities of Celadon Group   and its potential wrongdoing is a matter of great public interest to the investment community.'
p4
aS'Celadon Group: Management Digs Itself A Deeper Hole Seeking Alpha - Nov 1, 2016 On October 19th, Celadon Group   issued a response letter in an 8K filing with the SEC.'
p5
aS'Celadon planning to add 375 jobs as part of expansion Indianapolis Business Journal - Jan 18, 2017 Indianapolis-based Celadon Group Inc. has been approved for nearly $3 million in state tax incentives for an expansion that the company says will add 375 new jobs by 2024.'
p6
aS"Zamansky LLC Investigates Celadon Group Inc.  For Potential Breaches of ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 3, 2017 Zamansky LLC announces that it is investigating Celadon Group Incorporated , the trucking company based in Indianapolis, Indiana, for potential breaches of fiduciary duties to shareholders. Celadon's accounting practices have come under&nbsp;...Celadon Group, Inc.  Announces Quarterly Earnings Results - Sports Perspectives"
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Celadon Group Inc  versus YRC Worldwide Inc  CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Celadon Group Inc  versus YRC Worldwide Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Celadon Group, Inc. : How technical indicators have come out? - Post AnalystCommon Share Dividend Yield of Celadon Group, Inc.  - Energy Index'
p8
aS'CELADON GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Feb 9, 2017 On February 7, 2017, the Indiana Court of Appeals affirmed summary judgment in the matter of Wilmoth et al v. Celadon Trucking Services, Inc., a subsidiary of Celadon Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation , regarding a complaint that was&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Celadon Group: SEC Inquiries, Accounting Issues And Liquidity Constraints ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 12, 2016 In my initial article on Celadon Group  , I voiced a number of concerns regarding the Company's questionable accounting practices and deteriorating financial performance. Chief among my concerns was the fact that CGI&nbsp;..."
p10
a.