(lp0
S'Chesapeake Energy: Buy Under $5 Seeking Alpha - 7 hours ago Chesapeake Energy  has passed through tough times, as the oil price collapse forced oil and gas companies to be slimmer and more efficient.Should You Buy Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons - Investorplace.comChesapeake Energy Corporation  - HugoPress'
p1
aS"Chesapeake isn't a smart bet. Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 I am not endorsing gambling, but I am not endorsing investing in Chesapeake Energy  either. It has been a while ... So under a generous scenario, the company will generate $52 million of cash flow . Clearly, the company's cash&nbsp;...Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Stock Is a Zombie You Need to Avoid - Investorplace.comOil and Gas Stocks Under Review -- Chesapeake Energy, Southwestern Energy ... - PR Newswire "
p2
aS"Insider Trading Alert: Chesapeake Energy Insiders Are Loading Up The Truck Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 A case in point is oil and natural gas company Chesapeake Energy Corp. which has made two filings with the U.S. Securities And Exchange Commission in March regarding insider dealings.Chesapeake Energy: Why CHK Won't Bottom Soon - Investorplace.comHow Does Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournal"
p3
aS"Chesapeake Energy: Here's Why It Is Falling Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Chesapeake Energy's  stock price has again come under pressure. This is the norm for Chesapeake shareholders, who have held it for an extended period of time.Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Is an All-or-Nothing Stock - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS"Are Chesapeake Energy and Southwestern Energy Impacted by the Fed's Rate Increase? Yahoo Finance - 14 hours ago NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / March 20, 2017 / Chesapeake Energy and Southwestern Energy are two stocks that are favorites for many investors, both expecting increases in revenues over the next 12 months."
p5
aS'Chesapeake Insider Archie Dunham Buys 500K Shares At $5.24 Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Yesterday, Chesapeake Energy  filed a Form 4 showing that Archie Dunham, Chairman of the board emeritus bought 500K shares of stock ranging in price from $5.22 to $5.26.'
p6
aS"Chesapeake Energy: It's Going To Be Daunting Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Chesapeake Energy lost $0.05 per share last year, but its bottom-line is showing some signs of life and it has also managed to improve its financial health.3 Big Stock Charts for Wednesday: Chesapeake Energy Corporation , Nvidia ... - Investorplace.comChesapeake Energy Corporation  Dips 3.77% for March 02 - Equities.com"
p7
aS"Chesapeake: The Market Overreacted Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 In this article I decided to look at Chesapeake Energy Corp. after the management team released financial results for the firm's fourth quarter of 2016.Chesapeake Energy Corporation Shares Rise After Earnings - ValueWalkChesapeake Energy Flat After Inline Report - Benzinga"
p8
aS'Chesapeake Energy: Follow The Yellow Brick Road Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Chesapeake Energy Corp.  is an oil &amp; natural gas exploration and production company. Along with many other energy exploration and production companies, CHK has been losing money after the energy price crash.'
p9
aS'Chesapeake Energy files to delay Form 10-K Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 As flagged in its 8-K furnished on Feb. 23, CHK expects to report a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting in the Form 10-K; as a result, CHK says it needs more time to perform additional testing related to applicable ...'
p10
a.