(lp0
S'Chimera Investment: 8% With A Twist Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Chimera Investment Corp.  tapped the preferred market for the second time in under six months, raising nearly $300 million.'
p1
aS"Chimera Investment Corp.: Best-In-Class Mortgage REIT Yields 11% Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 Chimera Investment Corp.  keeps on hitting the ball out of the park. Chimera Investment Corp. had another quarter of strong core earnings, which continued to improve the mortgage REIT's already great dividend coverage stats.Earnings Reaction History: Chimera Investment Corporation, 50.0% Follow ... - NasdaqChimera Investment Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 15 - Equities.com"
p2
aS"Why I Have Ditched This High-Flying 10% Yielder Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Mortgage real estate investment trust Chimera Investment Corp.'s  shares have been flying higher and higher this year on the back of soaring investor optimism in high yield income vehicles.Chimera Investment Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.comChimera Investment Corporation  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio - Energy Index"
p3
aS'Today Analysts Focus on Chimera Investment Corporation , Dana ... StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Chimera Investment Corporation  have shown a high EPS growth of 34.30% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 133.10% yoy.Stock Price Chimera Investment Corporation  Compared to Index - Highland MirrorStocks To Look Out For  PACCAR Inc , Chimera Investment ... - Wall Street Times '
p4
aS'Chimera Investment Corp: A Potential High-Yield Ticking Time Bomb Seeking Alpha - Aug 8, 2016 So far in 2016 greatly decreased rate-hike expectations and a desperate hunt for yield have been a boon to REITs, especially mREITs such as Chimera Investment Corp , American Capital Agency , and Annaly Capital&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Chimera Investment Corp.: Why I Am Selling  Seeking Alpha - Dec 5, 2016 Chimera Investment Corp.  has been one of the best performing income investments for me this year. So far, Chimera Investment's shares have risen 23.3 percent in 2016, which is a superb return for any high-yield income vehicle where one&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Chimera Investment Corporation has a different portfolio compared to most ... Seeking Alpha - Jun 29, 2016 Chimera Investment Corporation has a different portfolio compared to most mortgage REITs. The impact of consolidation on the balance sheets require some reconciliation to reach an economic book value.'
p7
aS'Chimera Investment Corporation - Dividend Safe And Attractive, But Shares ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 21, 2016 Chimera Investment Corp is a hybrid REIT that mostly invest  in mortgage credit. The company only holds a small agency portfolio.Prominent Runners: RPC, Inc. , Knight Transportation (NYSE:KNX ... - iStreetWire'
p8
aS"Chimera Investment Corp.: A View From The Perspective Of A Preferred Investor Seeking Alpha - Oct 24, 2016 When considering the acquisition of Chimera Investment Corporations'  preferred shares, CIM-A, it's necessary that we view that company through a different set of eyes than we would were we interested in acquiring its common shares."
p9
aS'Chimera Investment Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Chimera Investment Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.74% to close at $19.83.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: California Resources Corporation (CRC ... - The USA CommerceHot Stock to Watch: Chimera Investment Corporation  - HugoPress'
p10
a.