(lp0
S'Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. Shareholders Approve Merger with First Bancorp GlobeNewswire  - Dec 22, 2016 GREENSBORO, N.C., Dec. 22, 2016  -- On December 20, 2016, the shareholders of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.  voted at a special meeting of shareholders to approve the previously announced Agreement and Plan of&nbsp;...Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.  Shareholders Approve First Bancorp (FBNC ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'First Bancorp to Acquire Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jun 22, 2016 SOUTHERN PINES and GREENSBORO, N.C., June 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- First Bancorp  the parent company of First Bank, announced today the signing of a definitive merger agreement under which First Bancorp will acquire Carolina&nbsp;...First Bancorp plans to expand Triad presence by buying Carolina Bank - Winston-Salem JournalGreensboro loses yet another institution with Carolina Bank sale - Greensboro News & Record'
p2
aS'First Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 SOUTHERN PINES, N.C., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- First Bancorp  announced today the completion of its previously announced merger with Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.  . Under the terms&nbsp;...CAROLINA BANK HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Completion of ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS'First Bancorp completes Carolina Bank purchase Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 7, 2017 First Bancorp has completed a two-prong expansion into the Triad by completing its $93 million deal for Carolina Bank Holdings Inc. on Friday. First Bancorp, based in Southern Pines, has increased its Winston-Salem and Triad presence significantly in ...'
p4
aS'First Bancorp Receives Regulatory Approval for Acquisition of Carolina Bank ... PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2017 First Bancorp is a bank holding company headquartered in Southern Pines, North Carolina, with total assets of approximately $3.6 billion.West Town Bank &amp; Trust and Sound Bank Announce Merger - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS'The Carolina Bank Holding Inc.   Position Held by Raymond James ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. held its stake in shares of Carolina Bank Holding Inc.   during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p6
aS'First Bancorp plans March 3 closing on Carolina Bank purchase Winston-Salem Journal - Feb 20, 2017 Carolina Bank, the bank subsidiary of Carolina Bank Holdings, will continue to operate as Carolina Bank until it is merged into First Bank, which is expected to occur this summer.'
p7
aS'Houston-based bank holding co. names new CFO Houston Business Journal - 15 hours ago Green Bancorp Inc. is a bank holding company that operates Green Bank N.A., which is the 15th-largest bank in the Houston area, according to Houston Business Journal research. The bank reported in 2016 around $1.98 billion in local deposits.'
p8
aS"How the Fed's New Rule Will Fuel Bank M&amp;A Investopedia - 19 hours ago The Federal Reserve Bank  recently opened the door for bank mergers and acquisitions  to take place by passing a new rule quadrupling the combined size needed to trigger an extensive banking review, according to Reuters. Whereas prior&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Bank of America's Former Top Lawyer Lynch to Retire in April Bloomberg Big Law Business - Mar 15, 2017 Bank of America Corp. Vice Chairman Gary Lynch, the Wall Street lawyer brought in to help the lender clean up its financial crisis-era mess, is retiring."
p10
a.