(lp0
S'Biggest Investor Takeaways From Clean Energy Fuels Corp. Earnings Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  announced fourth-quarter and fiscal 2016 results on March 7 and reported continued growth in natural gas sold, a strong year of station construction, and lower expenses and capital spending for the third&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Here's Why Clean Energy Fuels Corp. Stock is Up 17% Today Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2017 Shares in Clean Energy Fuels Corp. , a leader in natural gas for transportation, are skyrocketing on news that it has reached a deal to sell its RNG  production facilities at a number of Republic Services &nbsp;...BP, Clean Energy Fuels to Partner in Renewable NatGas Market - Natural Gas IntelligenceBP , Clean Energy Fuels  Enter Pact to Expand US Renewable Natural ... - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS"Clean Energy: Not So Bright Future Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 After Clean Energy Fuels  reported Q4 results, my quick analysis highlighted some flaws in the numbers. A lot of comments claimed my analysis wasn't forward looking enough and didn't factor in a positive future from the deal with BP&nbsp;...Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  Plunges 5.79% on March 14 - Equities.comClean Energy Fuels Corp  Position Increased by Renaissance Technologies LLC - Chaffey Breeze"
p3
aS"Clean Energy: Never As Good As The Headlines Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 The company still doesn't generate the growth to support a turnaround in the basis. Clean Energy Fuels  reported Q4 earnings after the close."
p4
aS'Better Buy: Clean Energy Fuels Corp. vs. Delek US Holdings Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 Clean Energy Fuels  makes for an interesting consideration, especially after slashing costs while continuing to grow sales volumes in recent years.What are Analysts opinions on: Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  - News OracleThe Key Figures To Watch From Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  Earnings - The Voice Registrar'
p5
aS'Decision Time: Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - 12 hours ago Decision Time: Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p6
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Clean Energy Fuels Corp., 42.9% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p7
aS'Clean Energy Fuels Corp  Reports Results for Fourth Quarter and Year ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 7, 2017 Clean Energy Fuels Corp  announced operating results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016. The Company delivered 84.1 million gallons in the fourth quarter of 2016, a 7.4% increase from 78.3 million gallons in the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  CML News - 1 hour ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Clean Energy Fuels Corp. and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases.Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  Closed the Last Trading Session with decrease ... - The Newburgh PressTrader's Watch List: Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  - TopChronicle"
p9
aS'Clean Energy Fuels reports 4Q loss Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.  _ Clean Energy Fuels Corp.  on Tuesday reported a loss of $3.9 million in its fourth quarter.'
p10
a.