(lp0
S'Town Sports International Holdings Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - 2 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Town Sports International Holdings Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF. In order to examine the forward looking risk for ...'
p1
aS'The Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  Receives Consensus ... Petro Global News 24 - 20 hours ago Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  has been assigned an average broker rating score of 0.00  from the one brokers that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p2
aS'New York Sports Clubs Takes Over Shuttered David Barton Gym PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2017 NEW YORK, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Town Sports International  , the owner and operator of New York Sports Clubs , and Newmark Holdings, a vertically integrated owner, operator, property manager and developer of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"The Insider Selling: Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  CFO Sells ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 20, 2017 Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  CFO Carolyn Spatafora sold 38,333 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th.Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  Receives Consensus ... - Sports PerspectivesTown Sports International Holdings Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS"
p4
aS'Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. Expands High Value Low Price Club Model PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2015 NEW YORK, March 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  , a leading owner and operator of health clubs in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S.'
p5
aS'Town Sports International  Jumps: Stock Adds 10% Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. CLUB was a big mover last session, as its shares rose 10% on the day. The move came after the company announced acquisition of the former David Barton Gym.'
p6
aS'Shares in Focus: Town Sports International Holdings Inc  Davidson Register - 10 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Town Sports International Holdings Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.22. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of ... Market Exclusive - Feb 17, 2017 On February 16, 2017, Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  issued a press release announcing its results for the fourth&gt;quarter and year-ended December 31, 2016.Investors Watch-list Stock: Ciner Resources LP's  stock price finalizes ... - WsNews 4investors"
p8
aS'Who Would Buy Town Sports International? Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2015 Combined activist pressure from Farallon Capital, PW Partners, and HG Vora seems to have set the table for a sale at fitness center chain Town Sports International . The three funds, who collectively own over 30% of the company, reached a&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"BRIEF-Town Sports International Holdings Q4 loss per share $0.01 Reuters - Feb 16, 2017 FRANKFURT, Feb 17 General Motors Chief Executive Mary Barra made assurances at Opel's headquarters in Germany that the carmaker is to remain an independent company in any deal with France's PSA Group, German monthly Manager Magazin&nbsp;..."
p10
a.