(lp0
S'Why Chinese Stocks Leave US Investors Vulnerable U.S. News & World Report - Nov 13, 2014 China Marine Food Group Ltd., a Chinese company then on the New York Stock Exchange, spent $27 million in January 2010 to acquire a firm whose main asset was &quot;algae-based drink know-how.'
p1
aS'This Closed-End Fund Can Reduce The Risks Of Investing In China Benzinga - Dec 11, 2014 In 2010, NYSE-listed China Marine Food Group Ltd paid over $27 million for an algae-based drink formula that has previously been valued at $8,800.'
p2
aS"China's Science Revolution BBC News - May 21, 2016 From building the biggest experiments the world has ever seen to rolling out the latest medical advances on a massive scale and pushing the boundaries of exploration from the deepest ocean to outer space - China's scientific ambitions are immense. Just ..."
p3
aS'Scientists pinpoint the genes that helped early humans adapt to new food as ... Daily Mail - Mar 16, 2017 Natural selection favoured mutations in the genes that helped early humans to digest new food groups. While people who possessed the variable gene variants were able to digest new foods, survive and have children, those who did not possess the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Pingtan Marine Enterprise Announces to Enter Consumer Food Market PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 FUZHOU, China, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd.  , a global fishing company based in the People's Republic of China , today announced that Global Deep Ocean Fishing (Pingtan ..."
p5
aS"China's Marine Park Boom Is Driving the Capture of Whales and Dolphins TakePart - Jun 14, 2016 Even as SeaWorld moves to end breeding of killer whales and activists hope to resettle captive orcas in sea pens, the ocean's top predator is being hunted in Russia to supply marine parks in China willing to pay $3 million to $5 million or more for an ..."
p6
aS'Taiwan launches $1.9bn bailout for big shipping groups Financial Times - Nov 17, 2016 China urged its largest shipbuilders 18 months ago to merge amid industry chaos, as several smaller shipping groups and yards either declared bankruptcy or had their assets frozen.'
p7
aS"Favourite Hong Kong restaurants of Roger Staeheli, Nespresso's man in the city South China Morning Post - 1 hour ago Can't beat the food or the view. For visitors, it's China Tang ."
p8
aS"China seizes US Navy underwater drone in international waters of South China Sea The Independent - Dec 16, 2016 The UUV was lawfully conducting a military survey in the waters of the South China Sea, the official said. It's a sovereign immune vessel, clearly marked in English not to be removed from the water - that it was US property.China returns seized submarine drone to US - Financial TimesPentagon Says China to Return Drone; Trump Says They Can Keep It - Bloomberg"
p9
aS'Mississippi River Maintenance Called Inadequate, Threat to Trade Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide - 8 hours ago Should confidence in the shipping channel wane, the countries most likely to take their business elsewhere include China, Japan, Korea, Mexico and Colombia, Sean Duffy, executive director of the Big River Coalition, told Bloomberg BNA.'
p10
a.