(lp0
S"Free Range Profits From Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 In Feb I wrote about how to get free money from Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. . The trade yielded $1.70 per contract in pure profit.What You Must Know About Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc's  1.3% ROE? - Simply Wall StChipotle says one-third of directors will not run again - Nasdaq"
p1
aS'Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Returns to Growth: Key Earnings Takeaways Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2017 After taking multiple stumbles backwards over the past year-and-change, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  looks like it may have taken a tentative step forward.Chipotle Mexican Grill: No Reason To Get Excited - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Why Did Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Stock Gain 11% in January? Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 The worst may be over for Chipotle . While its numbers are well below where the chain stood before its food-safety scandal, the Mexican eatery showed tentative signs that customers are returning when it reported Q4 results. That was enough to&nbsp;...Matthew H. Paull Purchases 400 Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock - The Cerbat GemPiper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  a ... - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'2 Reasons Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock Will Recover in 2017 Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  have been rallying this year, gaining 6.25% year-to-date, thanks to the signs of recovery that its fourth-quarter results showed.Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary - CML NewsChipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  PT Set at $280.00 by Deutsche Bank AG - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS"Is Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.'s Sales Recovery on Track? Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2017 After a year of posting horrendous sales declines, Chipotle Mexican Grill  has finally pulled out of its dive. On Tuesday, the fast-casual chain reported that comparable restaurant sales returned to growth in December.Wedbush Cautiously Optimistic On Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Following ... - Smarter AnalystChipotle Mexican Grill: 70% Upside In The Next 2 Years - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"What to Watch When Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 29, 2017 This past year has been easily the most challenging period for Chipotle  since it went public in 2006. Twelve months ago, the damage from the restaurant chain's food-safety scare peaked at a 34% dive in customer traffic.Analysts Disagree on Chipotle's Recovery  - Investopedia"
p6
aS"Better Buy: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. vs. Panera Motley Fool - Jan 19, 2017 Chipotle  and Panera Bread  compete for the same customers using a similar strategy. Both companies have pushed the idea that they offer better food than their cheaper fast-food rivals.Chipotle Mexican Grill: I'm Switching My Order - Seeking AlphaChipotle names two new agencies for advertising, media buying - 9NEWS.com"
p7
aS"Better Buy: Starbucks Corporation vs. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Motley Fool - Jan 1, 2017 For a while, Chipotle Mexican Grill  was putting up the type of numbers many didn't think were possible. A mature restaurant with over 1,000 locations putting up comparable-store sales growth  of near 20%?Chipotle Mexican Grill: Finding A Middle Ground - Seeking AlphaPlans filed for Chipotle, Starbucks locations - Farmington Daily Times"
p8
aS"Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.: Why I'm Selling My Chipotle Stock -- and You ... Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 Chipotle Mexican Grill  is a great story stock: Guy  starts a small burrito shop in 1993 focused on quality, ethically sourced food.The Most Important Part Of Chipotle's Earnings Miss - Seeking AlphaChipotle plummets after elusive comeback shakes confidence - The Boston Globe"
p9
aS"Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Suffers From Huge Investor Mistrust Motley Fool - Oct 31, 2016 Last week, Chipotle Mexican Grill  laid out its preliminary guidance for 2017, and explained the initiatives it is taking to recover from the massive sales declines triggered by last year's E. coli outbreak.Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Braces For a Potential Ackman Assault - Schaeffers Research Bill Ackman's Investment In Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Is A ... - ValueWalk"
p10
a.