(lp0
S'Crestwood Midstream Partners LP Announces Expiration and Final Results of Its ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Crestwood Midstream Partners LP , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crestwood Equity Partners LP , announced today that its previously announced cash tender offers expired at 5:00 p.m.Crestwood Equity Partners LP  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS'Crestwood Midstream Partners LP Announces Cash Tender Offers for Any and All ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Crestwood Midstream Partners LP , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crestwood Equity Partners LP , announced today that CMLP has commenced two concurrent cash tender offers  to purchase any and all of the outstanding senior&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Moody's changes Crestwood Midstream's outlook to negative Moodys.com   - Nov 25, 2015 New York, November 24, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service,  changed Crestwood Midstream Partners LP's  outlook to negative.Crestwood Equity completes reverse split - Kansas City Business JournalWhat's Keeping Crestwood Equity Partners in the News? - Market Realist"
p3
aS'Crestwood Midstream Partners Completes Acquisition in Niobrara Shale Gas ... PR Newswire  - Jul 22, 2013 HOUSTON, July 22, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Crestwood Midstream Partners LP   and the owner of its general partner, Inergy, L.P.'
p4
aS'Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Crestwood Midstream Partners LP  by ... PR Newswire  - May 6, 2015 SAN DIEGO and HOUSTON, May 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholder rights attorneys at Robbins Arroyo LLP are investigating the proposed acquisition of Crestwood Midstream  by Crestwood Equity . On May 6, 2015, the two&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Crestwood and Inergy to Merge Forming $7 Billion Midstream Energy Partnership Business Wire  - May 6, 2013 HOUSTON &amp; KANSAS CITY, Mo.----Crestwood Midstream Partners LP   and Crestwood Holdings LLC   and Inergy, L.P.Inergy to Merge With Crestwood Midstream - Motley FoolCrestwood to Merge With Inergy to Create $7 Billion Firm - New York Times'
p6
aS'Crestwood Equity Completes Merger with Crestwood Midstream Business Wire  - Sep 30, 2015 HOUSTON----Crestwood Equity Partners LP   and Crestwood Midstream Partners LP    today announced the closing of the merger&nbsp;...Crestwood completes MLP consolidation - Houston Business Journal'
p7
aS'Crestwood Midstream Partners LP Announces Cash Tender Offers Business Wire  - May 12, 2016 HOUSTON----Crestwood Midstream Partners LP , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crestwood Equity Partners LP , announced today that CMLP has commenced cash tender offers (collectively, the Tender Offers, and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Announces Filing of a Class Action Lawsuit Against ... PR Newswire  - Jul 30, 2015 On May 5, 2015, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement and Plan of Merger  under which Crestwood Equity Partners LP  will acquire all of the outstanding units of Crestwood Midstream through a newly&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Merger News Sent Crestwood Equity Partners LP Down 17% Motley Fool - May 6, 2015 What: Crestwood Equity Partners LP's  units are getting hammered today, as investors don't like its consolidation plans.Crestwood Equity Partners to buy affiliate Crestwood Midstream - ReutersCrestwood Equity Partners , Crestwood Midstream  Enter Merger ... - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.