(lp0
S"The Best 'Trump Trade' Right Now is Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 The Best 'Trump Trade' Right Now is Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL In the '60s, it produced the Apollo spacecraft that put Neil Armstrong on the moon.Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveRockwell Collins Shareowners Green-light B/E Aerospace Merger - Aviation Today"
p1
aS"Starboard Pushes Rockwell Collins to Reconsider B/E Deal Bloomberg - Nov 30, 2016 Rockwell Collins Inc. is under pressure from activist fund Starboard Value LP to reconsider its $6.4 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Inc. and instead explore alternative options, including selling itself, according to people familiar with the matter ...Starboard questions Rockwell Collins' B/E Aerospace deal: source - ReutersBloomberg: Starboard wants Rockwell Collins to reconsider B/E Aerospace - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'Consolidating the cockpit: Rockwell Collins to buy B/E Aerospace for $6.4 billion Los Angeles Times - Oct 23, 2016 Aviation communications and electronics supplier Rockwell Collins Inc. will acquire aircraft cabin equipment maker B/E Aerospace Inc. for $6.4 billion, the companies announced Sunday.Rockwell Collins in Advanced Talks to Purchase B/E Aerospace for $6.5 Billion - Wall Street Journal'
p3
aS"Rockwell Collins's CEO Turns Salesman Bloomberg - Jan 23, 2017 Rockwell Collins Inc. investors are probably stuck with the company's purchase of B/E Aerospace Inc. That's not such a bad thing."
p4
aS"Rockwell Collins Won't Be an Easy Sell Bloomberg - Dec 1, 2016 The avionics-equipment maker is getting pushback over its planned $8.3 billion takeover of B/E Aerospace Inc. from activist investor Starboard Value and other large holders, who want Rockwell Collins to sell itself instead. The B/E Aerospace deal ...Rockwell Collins  Rose To A New High As Starboard Applies Pressure - RTT NewsB/E Aerospace Bosses Stand to Lose $100 Million If Deal Thwarted - BloombergQuint"
p5
aS"Form 8-K ROCKWELL COLLINS INC For: Mar 10 StreetInsider.com - Mar 10, 2017 A Special Meeting of Stockholders of Rockwell Collins, Inc.  was held on March 9, 2017, in Cedar Rapids, IA .Rockwell Collins, B/E Aerospace shareholders approve deal - NasdaqRockwell Collins' Shareowners Vote Strongly in Favor of B/E Aerospace Acquisition - Business Wire "
p6
aS'Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research BNB Daily  - 15 hours ago Rockwell Collins logo Rockwell Collins, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report issued on Thursday.Analyst Upgrades  Rockwell Collins  Stock Gets Upgraded By Credit ... - Market ExclusiveRockwell Collins, Inc.  Upgraded to Outperform at Credit Suisse Group AG - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Rockwell Collins Inc  versus Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc  .'
p8
aS'Why Is Rockwell Collins  Up 4.8% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Rockwell Collins, Inc. COL. Shares have added about 4.8% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Stake Cut by ING Groep NV - BNB Daily '
p9
aS"What Analysts are Predicting For PACCAR Inc , Rockwell Collins, Inc. ? The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of PACCAR Inc  surged 2.26% to $68.87. During the trading on 03/15/2017, Company's stock ranged from $67.75 to $69.13.2 Stocks Grabbing Analyst Attention: PACCAR Inc , Rockwell ... - The Voice Registrar"
p10
a.