(lp0
S'Is Callon Petroleum  Stock a Solid Choice Right Now? Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Callon Petroleum Company CPE. This is because this security in the Oil and Gas - Exploration and Production - United States space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision ...'
p1
aS'Callon Petroleum Declares Series A Preferred Dividend PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 NATCHEZ, Miss., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Callon Petroleum Company   today announced that it has declared a cash dividend of $1.25 per share, on its 10.0% Series A Cumulative Preferred Stock (&quot;Series A&nbsp;...Callon Petroleum  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaAnalyst Activity  Mizuho Lowers Its Price Target On Callon Petroleum Company ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'Callon Petroleum Company Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Results BOE Report  - Feb 27, 2017 Callon Petroleum Company   today reported results of operations for the three months and full-year ended December 31, 2016.Should You Sell Callon Petroleum Company  Before Earnings? February 24, 2017 - Zacks.comCallon Petroleum -5% after higher than expected capex view - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS"The Technical Facts on Callon Petroleum Company  The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Callon Petroleum Company , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p4
aS"Today Analysts Focus on Sterling Bancorp , Callon Petroleum Company  StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Callon Petroleum Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -6.47, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p5
aS'Stock Returns: WPX Energy Inc  is Beating Callon Petroleum Company ... CML News - 12 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Callon Petroleum Company  versus WPX Energy Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Active Volume Stock Update: Callon Petroleum Company  - HugoPressBroker Rating Review For Callon Petroleum Company  Gee Group Inc.  - Davidson Register'
p6
aS'Citigroup Upgrades Callon Petroleum Company to Buy Energy Index - Mar 15, 2017 Brokerage firm Citigroup Upgrades its rating on Callon Petroleum Company. The shares have been rated Buy. Previously, the analysts had a Neutral rating on the shares.Callon Petroleum Company : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalWhat Analysts are Predicting For Callon Petroleum Company , WPX Energy ... - The USA Commerce'
p7
aS'The Technicals For Callon Petroleum Company , An Important Analysis NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for Callon Petroleum Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p8
aS'Share Watch: Examining the Levels for Callon Petroleum Company  Sherwood Daily - 12 hours ago Tracking shares of Callon Petroleum Company , the company has a current EV  of 2312558. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.'
p9
aS'Callon Petroleum Company Risk Points versus Energy CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Callon Petroleum Company  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.Analyst Upgrades  Callon Petroleum Company  Stock Gets Upgraded By ... - Market ExclusiveChecking the Overall Picture for Callon Petroleum Company  - StockNewsJournal'
p10
a.