(lp0
S"China Precision Steel, Inc.  Forms $0.05 Double Bottom; Military Resale ... Wolcott Daily - 18 hours ago China Precision Steel, Inc.  formed double bottom with $0.05 target or 4.00% below today's $0.05 share price."
p1
aS"China Couldn't Make Its Own Ballpoint PensUntil Now Fortune - Jan 10, 2017 ... used to make the pens' tips from Japanat a cost of roughly $17.3 million a year. The making of the tips requires high-precision machinery and very hard, ultra-thin steel plates, the BBC reports, something that China has been unable to master ...Pen power: China closer to ballpoint success - BBC NewsChina is finally able to manufacture its own ballpoint pens - Mashable"
p2
aS"China's $9.2 billion precision medicine initiative could see about 100 million ... Next Big Future - Jun 7, 2016 Jason Gang Jin, co-founder and chief executive of Cloud Health, says that this trio, rather than BGI, will be the main sequencing support for China's precision-medicine initiative - although BGI's director of research, Xu Xun, disagrees. Xu says that ..."
p3
aS"Why cracking the secret of the ball-point pen is such a big deal for Taiyuan Steel South China Morning Post - Feb 1, 2017 Taiyuan Iron &amp; Steel Group's recent breakthrough in producing the metal ball casing for ball-point pens could herald more technological advancement by Chinese steel producers to reduce imports for some key products, according to analysts. The ..."
p4
aS'Finally! After years of trying, China celebrates ballpoint pen breakthrough Sky News - Jan 13, 2017 Firstly, it did not have machines with the precision needed to cut a tiny ball-bearing accurately, meaning the balls had to be imported from Switzerland.Asia in 3 minutes: Free condoms for Filipinos, ballpoint pens for China, and a ... - South China Morning Post'
p5
aS'Chinese giant to build six UK pre-fab housing factories Construction Enquirer - Dec 19, 2016 The Government has helped to broker the 2.5bn deal that will see the China National Building Material Company build six offsite factories around the UK.'
p6
aS"At last - China learns how to make a ballpoint pen Stuff.co.nz - Jan 12, 2017 China simply didn't have a machine with the precision to cut a tiny ball-bearing accurately. While it supplied the world with 80 per cent of its ballpoint pens, all the balls came from Switzerland.Domestically-developed nibs a boost for manufacturing - ecns"
p7
aS"China's steel capacity grew in 2016 despite promises of cuts EurActiv - Feb 13, 2017 China increased its steelmaking capacity last year by more than twice Britain's annual output, a report said on Monday , despite repeated pledges to cut huge excess in the sector."
p8
aS'Commerce Slaps Chinese Stainless Steel With More Duties Law360  - Feb 3, 2017 The agency said that Shanxi Taigang did participate and was assigned a 75.6 percent countervailing duty, the same as a China-wide rate and the rate assigned to nonselected separate rate respondents Taiyuan Ridetaixing Precision Stainless Steel&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Finally, China manufactures a ballpoint pen all by itself Washington Post - Jan 18, 2017 Manufacturing a ballpoint pen tip that can write comfortably for a long period of time requires high-precision machinery and precisely thin steel, but for years China was unable to match those crafted by foreign companies. ... Li's comments apparently ...China's Ballpoint Pen Victory - Or Why American Wages Are Higher Than Chinese - ForbesNext target is to cut costs, make machines locally - China Daily"
p10
a.