(lp0
S'Capstone Turbine Puts A Positive Spin On Bad News Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 Capstone Turbine  pre-reported some of its Q3 results Monday, and the stock has responded favorably the past few days on above-average volume.'
p1
aS"Capstone Turbine Corporation Stock Plunges 53% in Six Months: Is It Game Over? Motley Fool - Sep 24, 2014 Capstone Turbine  has probably gathered more skeptics this year than it ever had. The stock has plunged 53%, as of this writing, over just the past six months, leaving investors wondering whether the company's future has any promise left."
p2
aS'Capstone Turbine Serves A Double Whammy To Investors Seeking Alpha - Oct 19, 2016 Company is forced to raise fresh capital once again with the stock close to all-time lows. Pre-announces abysmal Q2 FY17 numbers in the offering prospectus.'
p3
aS"News Impact Score Of Capstone Turbine Corporation  At 85 Stock Observer - 15 hours ago Capstone Turbine Corporation has daily impact score of 85 by Alpha One analytics. This score comes on 1-100 scale and gives the likelihood of movement of 1% or more, just in single session.Capstone Turbine Corporation  Price Target At $1.312 - Transcript DailyNoteworthy movements of Stock: Capstone Turbine Corporation's  share ... - Street Updates"
p4
aS'Capstone Turbine - Primed For A Comeback? Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2016 CPST has seen a massive drop in its financials as weak oil spending has hurt its business, but it is changing its business model for the better.'
p5
aS'Decision Time: Capstone Turbine Corporation  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - 15 hours ago Decision Time: Capstone Turbine Corporation  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p6
aS'Capstone Turbine: Buy The Drop Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 CPST shares have dropped in the past month despite posting a stronger-than-expected bottom line, but this is an opportunity to buy the stock.'
p7
aS"CAPSTONE TURBINE CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 On March 10, 2017 the United States District Court for the Central District of California issued an order granting Capstone Turbine Corporation's, a Delaware corporation , motion to dismiss the putative securities class action complaint ...Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Capstone Turbine Corporation  - Fiscal StandardCapstone Turbine Corporation's , a stock from Industrial Goods sector ... - Street Updates"
p8
aS"Capstone Turbine Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results GlobeNewswire  - Feb 9, 2017 09, 2017  -- Capstone Turbine Corporation  , the world's leading clean technology manufacturer of microturbine energy systems, reported financial results for its third quarter of fiscal 2017&nbsp;...Capstone Turbine's  CEO Darren Jamison on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaCapstone Turbine Corporation  Releases Earnings Results, Misses ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p9
aS"Capstone Turbine: Even The Smart Money Can Get Burned Seeking Alpha - May 23, 2016 I met with their CFO yesterday, who's their corporate level CFO in charge of all their businesses, and I'm very comfortable with that receivable and its collectibility going forward, and don't expect any change in behavior or in the way they pay their ..."
p10
a.