(lp0
S"Dextera Surgical Inc.  Is Climbing On Study Results RTT News - Mar 6, 2017 Dextera Surgical Inc.  announced Monday morning that data has demonstrated that use of the MicroCutter 5/80 surgical stapler in Microlobectomy procedures has reduced the median hospital stay by at least two days when compared to traditional&nbsp;...Dextera Surgical's MicroCutter 5/80 Enables Shorter Hospital Stays Through ... - Yahoo FinanceDextera Surgical Stock Climbs on News Surgical Stapler Shortens Hospital Stays - Baystreet.ca"
p1
aS'Dextera Surgical and B. Braun Surgical SA Hold Video-Assisted Thoracic Surgery ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Dextera Surgical Inc. , manufacturer of the smallest-profile and most maneuverable articulating surgical stapling platform on the market for minimally invasive surgery, and B. Braun Surgical S.A.'
p2
aS'Dextera Surgical Inc. MarketWatch - Jun 29, 2016 Dextera Surgical Inc. NASDAQ: DXTR. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p3
aS"Dextera Surgical Inc 's Target Numbers Suggest Growth Insider Financial - Jan 12, 2017 Dextera Surgical Inc  is up more than 120% so far this week, on a corporate update put out by management to address the fiscal 2017 sales of its lead asset."
p4
aS'Dextera Surgical Provides Corporate Update Business Wire  - Jan 5, 2017 REDWOOD CITY, Calif.----Dextera Surgical Inc. , manufacturer of the smallest-profile and most maneuverable articulating surgical stapling platform on the market for minimally invasive surgery, today provided a corporate&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Dextera Surgical: Innovation In Surgical Stapling Puts It On Path Towards ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Dextera Surgical  is a very small  medical device manufacturer with a very interesting product roll-out that has the potential to radically alter the company's attractiveness to investors. Prior to August 2016, Dextera ..."
p6
aS'Dextera Surgical Appoints Mark Soberman MD, Leader in Thoracic Surgery, as ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 29, 2016 REDWOOD CITY, Calif., June 29, 2016  -- Dextera Surgical Inc.  today announced the appointment of Mark Soberman, M.D.'
p7
aS'Dextera and Intuitive Surgical Initiate Joint Development Program on New ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Aug. 01, 2016  -- Dextera Surgical Inc.  today announced that the company has entered into a joint development program with Intuitive Surgical, Inc. , the global leader in&nbsp;...Intuitive partners with Dextera on robotic surgery stapler - Mass Device'
p8
aS"Stock Slipping in Morning Trade: Dextera Surgical Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago In early session trading, shares of Dextera Surgical Inc.  have slipped lower. Company stock has moved down -6.03% since the open, landing shares on today's list of top losers."
p9
aS"Dextera Surgical Inc. :DXTR Sees Unusual Volatility in Session Aiken Advocate - 10 hours ago Dextera Surgical Inc.  shares are displaying elevated levels of volatility in today's session. After a recent check, shares have been spotted at $1.07 showing a change in the session of -7.57%."
p10
a.