(lp0
S"International Day of Forests  National Parks and Forestry Corporation talk Bellingen Courier Sun - 6 hours ago Forestry Corporation of NSW's CEO Nick Roberts said International Day of Forests, 21 March, celebrated the vital role productive State forests continue to play in local communities."
p1
aS"Andrews government urged to scrap 'grid girls' from grand prix Ballarat Courier - 21 hours ago Ms Richardson said the presence of grid girls was a matter for the Australian Grand Prix Corporation, but insisted everyone must contribute to &quot;improving outcomes&quot; for women and girls."
p2
aS"Party for the Kalang forest Bellingen Courier Sun - 6 hours ago It's a direct response to the latest move by NSW Forestry Corporation to log parts of the nearby state forest. During the evening, Greens MPs Dawn Walker and Jeremy Buckingham will speak, as well as National Parks Association and Bellingen Environment&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Australian troops move closer to the frontline fight against Islamic State in Iraq Courier Mail - Feb 28, 2017 News Corp Australia was given exclusive access to a busy air base where ADF has now deployed mobile training teams from Task Group Taji to help re-skill Iraqis coming on and off the Mosul frontline.'
p4
aS"Editorial: Gutting arts steals soul of our creativity Jacksonville Journal Courier - Mar 20, 2017 The CPB is a private, nonprofit corporation that was created by Congress in 1967. It is the steward of the federal government's investment in public broadcasting and the largest single source of funding for public radio, television and related online ...Trump's Budget Cuts Are Starting To Look Like a New York Charade - New York SunTrump Budget Cuts: Real or 'Reality' Show? - Reason"
p5
aS'QCoal managing director calls in Crime and Corruption Commission Courier Mail - Mar 19, 2017 Mr Wallin claims the department is giving preference to Glencore instead and is threatening to hive off part of his land to accommodate the corporation, rather than addressing how the coal haulage operations were being undertaken without a mining lease ...'
p6
aS'Lawmakers debate job-growth tax breaks Jacksonville Journal-Courier - 19 hours ago According to the Taxpayers Federation of Illinois, nearly every other state that has a corporate income tax has some form of credit system that they can use to give businesses a way around portions of it if they expand or create more jobs locally.'
p7
aS'Acme-McCrary sale promises 133 new jobs, $20M investment Asheboro Courier Tribune - 4 hours ago By Chip Womick cwomick@courier-tribune.com Twitter: @ChipWomickCT. ASHEBORO - A Sri Lanka-based apparel and textile manufacturing company plans to acquire the manufacturing assets of the Acme-McCrary Corp. in Asheboro. MAS Capital plans&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Two South Carolina lawmakers prepping survivalist communities to 'restore the ... Charleston Post Courier - Mar 17, 2017 They are advocating that their followers, and offshoot groups, form their own communities that will no longer have to rely on corporate America or the tyrannical federal government. They are ... It's serving two purposes, Magnuson told The Post and ..."
p9
aS'Weir Road easements currently in progress Russellville Courier - Mar 19, 2017 The Russellville City Council learned during its regular meeting Thursday that property easements on Weir Road were being obtained with the help of City Corporation and David Garza of Barrett and Associates. Alderman Robert Wiley asked City Engineer&nbsp;...'
p10
a.