(lp0
S'Corporate Resource files for Ch. 11 after refinancing falls apart Reuters - Jul 27, 2015 Staffing company Corporate Resource Services Inc has filed for bankruptcy after discovering an affiliated business had not paid an estimated $80 million in taxes, which derailed refinancing negotiations.Corporate Resource Services, Inc. and Seven Affiliates File Chapter 11 ... - JD Supra '
p1
aS'Corporate Resource Services weighs possible sale after PEO files for bankruptcy Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 4, 2015 Leadership at staffing provider Corporate Resource Services Inc.  is weighing a possible sale of some or all of the company, according to a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p2
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Joseph P. Ciavarella as Chief Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 12, 2015 NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2015  -- Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, energy and consulting services firm, today announced that Joseph P. Ciavarella&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Corporate Resource Services sells subsidiary, sends termination notices Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 27, 2015 Corporate Resources Services sold a subsidiary, and separately announced it sent termination notices to approximately 800 customers primarily in California.Noor Staffing Group Acquires Corporate Resource Development - PR Newswire '
p4
aS'CRS Execs Must Face Investor Suit Over $100M Tax Liability Law360  - Jul 6, 2016 Law360, New York  -- The former chief executive officer of bankrupt staffing firm Corporate Resource Services Inc. and others must face a proposed securities class action alleging they helped cover up a closely tied payroll&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Block &amp; Leviton Sues AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. For Violations Of The ... Yahoo Finance - 10 hours ago BOSTON, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Block &amp; Leviton LLP , a securities litigation firm representing investors nationwide, announces that it has filed a class action lawsuit against AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (&quot;AmTrust&quot; or the ...Block &amp; Leviton LLP Reminds AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Shareholders Of ... - PR Newswire AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Provides Update on 10-K Filing - GlobeNewswire '
p6
aS"Today's Market View - Georgian Mining Corporation, Golden Star Resources ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 2, 2017 Today's Market View - Georgian Mining Corporation, Golden Star Resources, Savannah Resources Plc, Strategic Minerals, Banro Corp."
p7
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of ... EconoTimes - 16 hours ago NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC reminds investors that a class action lawsuit has been filed against AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.   and certain of its ...'
p8
aS"Inside Trade: Todd Hornbeck Obtained 61250 Shares of Hornbeck Offshore ... Herald KS - 15 hours ago Intelligent Systems Corporation  had an increase of 0.63% in short interest. INS's SI was 15,900 shares in March as released by FINRA."
p9
aS'Downer Makes A$1.26 Billion Takeover Offer for Spotless Bloomberg - 5 hours ago Downer EDI Ltd., the Australian engineering and infrastructure management company, offered to buy Spotless Group Holdings Ltd.'
p10
a.