(lp0
S'Carlisle Companies, Inc.  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - 7 hours ago Carlisle Companies, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday.'
p1
aS'Carlisle Companies acquires Arbo Holdings Limited Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 Carlisle Companies  announced the acquisition of Arbo Holdings Limited for an undisclosed term. Arbo Holdings Limited is a provider of sealants, coatings and membrane systems used by architects and contractors for waterproofing and sealing&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Carlisle Companies: 40 Consecutive Years Of Dividend Increases And A Bright ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 12, 2017 When it comes to steady dividend growers, often the best choice can often be a seemingly dull company - one that flies under the radar, yet grows steadily over decades.Ex-Dividend Reminder: Carlisle Companies, CF Industries Holdings and Neenah Paper - NasdaqAnalytical Guide for Superior Energy Services, Inc. , Carlisle Companies ... - The USA Commerce'
p3
aS'Carlisle Companies appoints Robert M. Roche as VP and CFO Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Carlisle Companies Incorporated  appointed Robert M. Roche as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective today.Carlisle Companies Appoints Robert M. Roche Vice President and Chief Financial ... - Business Wire '
p4
aS'Carlisle Companies Inc. acquires Star Aviation Aerospace Manufacturing and Design  - Oct 7, 2016 Scottsdale, Arizona - Carlisle Companies Inc. has acquired Star Aviation Inc., a provider of design and engineering services, testing and certification work, and manufactured products for in-flight connectivity applications on commercial, business, and ...'
p5
aS'EXCLUSIVE: Phoenix lands Fortune 1000 company headquarters relocation Phoenix Business Journal - Feb 11, 2016 Inc., now based in Charlotte, is moving more than 120 C-level, executive and management positions into Kierland One, 16430 N. Scottsdale Road in Phoenix on the southwest corner of Greenway Road.$3.5B manufacturer will move HQ to Phoenix - AZ Big MediaCharlotte to lose Fortune 1000 company as it relocates HQ - Charlotte Business Journal'
p6
aS'Carlisle Companies Acquires Star Aviation Business Wire  - Oct 3, 2016 SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.----Carlisle Companies Incorporated  today announced the acquisition of Star Aviation, Inc., a leading provider of design and engineering services, testing and certification work and manufactured products&nbsp;...Carlisle Acquires Star Aviation - Modern Distribution Management'
p7
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Carlisle Companies, Marathon Oil and Phillips 66 Forbes - May 12, 2016 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 5/16/16, Carlisle Companies Inc. , Marathon Oil Corp.'
p8
aS"San Jamar acquired by Carlisle Companies BizTimes.com  - Jan 10, 2017 D. Christian Koch, Carlisle president and chief executive officer, said San Jamar has been on the company's target list for a number of years as a coveted brand within the food service industry.Carlisle Cos. buys Elkhorn manufacturer San Jamar - Milwaukee Business Journal"
p9
aS'Carlisle Companies, Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Carlisle Companies, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday.Carlisle Companies Incorporated  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 09 - Equities.comCarlisle Companies, Inc.  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.