(lp0
S"CST Brands' 4Q profit falls 28 percent as merger with Circle K nears San Antonio Express-News  - Feb 27, 2017 Profit for CST Brands Inc., the San Antonio-based operator of the Corner Store brand of convenience stores, tumbled 28 percent in the fourth quarter with $18 million in net income, or 23 cents per share, during the three-month period ending Dec. 31.CST growth loses steam with fourth quarter earnings report - San Antonio Business Journal"
p1
aS"CST sets date to vote on merger with Circle K parent company San Antonio Business Journal - Oct 13, 2016 There will be no flowers or bells, but a date has been set for CST Brands Inc. shareholders to vote on the convenience store operator's proposed $4.4 billion merger with Circle K'a parent company, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. Come 9 a.m."
p2
aS"The CST-Circle K deal: Numbers behind execs' golden-parachute landing San Antonio Business Journal - Aug 25, 2016 CST Brands Inc. executives are looking forward to a soft landing following the company's recent $4.4 billion acquisition agreement with Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc., Circle K's Canada-based parent company.CST executives stand to cash in more than $37 million on company sale - mySanAntonio.comCouche-Tard Deal Could Add Up for Executives at CST Brands - CSNews Online"
p3
aS"CST shareholders greenlight $4.4B merger with Circle K parent San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 16, 2016 And it's a wrap. The shareholders of San Antonio-based convenience store retailer CST Brands Inc.  have officially approved the company's $4.4 billion merger agreement with Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. nearly a year after negotiations first&nbsp;...Couche-Tard announces that stockholders of CST Brands, Inc. have approved the ... - Canada NewsWire "
p4
aS"Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc to buy Texas-based convenience store chain CST ... Financial Post - Aug 22, 2016 Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. announced an agreement Monday to buy CST Brands Inc. in an all-cash, US$4.4-billion deal, which would add 2,000 locations in the United States to the company's network of stores around the world.Couche-Tard Agrees to Buy CST Brands for Almost $4 Billion - BloombergParent of Circle K agrees to buy CST Brands for $4.4 billion - mySanAntonio.com"
p5
aS'CST Brands triples third quarter profits before merger with Circle K mySanAntonio.com - Nov 7, 2016 San Antonio convenience store operator CST Brands Inc. tripled its third-quarter profits as it shed assets ahead of its merger with the Canadian parent company of Circle K, the company said Monday.CST reports improved third-quarter earnings prior to shareholder vote on $4.4B ... - San Antonio Business Journal'
p6
aS'CST Brands, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 CST Brands, Inc. , one of the largest independent retailers of motor fuels and convenience merchandise in North America, today reported financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016.CST BRANDS, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial ... - Market Exclusive'
p7
aS'Pending buyer courted CST Brands for months before CST was interested San Antonio Business Journal - Sep 17, 2016 The Canada-based company that in August announced an agreement to buy San Antonio-based CST Brands Inc., the operator of the Corner Store chain, first proposed such a deal in October 2015 - weeks before the local publicly traded company had&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'CST Brands, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Dec 22, 2016 On December 21, 2016, CST Brands, Inc.  entered into a timing agreement with the United States Federal Trade Commission  to which the Company has agreed, among other things,  not to consummate the proposed acquisition&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Subsidiary of San Antonio-based CST Brands accuses Brink's of fraud mySanAntonio.com - Nov 25, 2016 Circle K parent Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. of Quebec agreed to buy San Antonio-based CST Brands for about $4.4 billion in August.CST Brands subsidiary sues Brink's over cash pickup charges - San Antonio Express-News "
p10
a.