(lp0
S'Capital Southwest Corporation Acquires Strathmore Products, Inc. GlobeNewswire  - Apr 29, 2015 DALLAS, April 29, 2015  -- Capital Southwest Corporation   today announced that its affiliate, The Whitmore Manufacturing Company , a leading Rockwall, Texas-based provider of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Dividend Darling With Upside: Capital Southwest Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 7 hours ago Long term investors looking for stable stocks should take a look at Capital Southwest Corporation . The stock currently provides a dividend yield of 4.84% for the Financial company.'
p2
aS"A win for Capital Southwest: The investment company announces spin-off date ... Dallas Business Journal  - Sep 9, 2015 After announcing in December a planned spin-off of its three industrial-business portfolio, Dallas investment firm Capital Southwest Corp.  says the separation will take place on Sep. 18. Capital Southwest's board of directors has ..."
p3
aS'Capital Southwest Corp. plans spinoff Dallas Morning News - Dec 2, 2014 Dallas-based Capital Southwest Corp. plans to spin off some specialty manufacturing operations that it controls into a standalone, publicly traded firm, the company said today before the markets opened.Capital Southwest Corp. announces spinoff of industrial portfolio companies - Dallas Business Journal'
p4
aS'Capital Southwest Corporation Completes Spin-Off of CSW Industrials GlobeNewswire  - Oct 1, 2015 DALLAS, Oct. 01, 2015  -- Capital Southwest Corporation   announced that it completed its previously announced spin-off of CSW Industrials, Inc.  .Capital Southwest Corp  Completes Spin-off of CSW Industrials  - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS'Capital Southwest Provides $13 Million First Lien Term Loan to Amware ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 2, 2016 DALLAS, Aug. 02, 2016  -- Capital Southwest Corporation  , announced today that it provided a $13 million term loan to refinance existing first lien debt of Amware Fulfillment, LLC ,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Feb 28, 2017 Capital Southwest Corporation is an investment company that specializes in providing customized financing to middle market companies in a range of industry segments located primarily in the United States.'
p7
aS'Capital Southwest Corporation Announces the Divestiture of DataSpan, Inc., by ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 3, 2014 DALLAS, Oct. 3, 2014  -- Media Recovery, Inc. , a portfolio company of Capital Southwest Corporation, completed the divestiture of DataSpan, Inc., a leading data storage, products, and management provider, to DataSpan Holdings.'
p8
aS'Form 8-K CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORP For: Sep 02 StreetInsider.com - Sep 2, 2016 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.'
p9
aS"Unusual Activity Sighted in Capital Southwest Corporation  Shares Melville Review - 12 hours ago Shares of Capital Southwest Corporation  are experiencing unusual volume during today's trading. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $15.54 at the time of writing.Capital Southwest  Reaches $15.60 After 9.00% Up Move; Middlesex Water ... - NormanObserver.com"
p10
a.