(lp0
S'Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.32 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 01, 2017.'
p1
aS"Investors Checklist Stock: Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  Is stories - 18 hours ago According to FactSet data, CTBI stock has received different ratings from Financial Analysts. 1 Month Ago, CTBI's stock has been recommended as BUY from 0 and 0 given OVERWEIGHT rating for the company.Is there Upside to Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  Stock? - Rockville Register"
p2
aS'Price Alert: Community Trust Bancorp Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Price Alert: Community Trust Bancorp Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p3
aS'Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Community Trust Bancorp logo Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Monday.Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  has been downgraded to Hold in a ... - Breaking Finance News'
p4
aS'Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. logo Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Monday.The Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment ... - Petro Global News 24Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment ... - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Community Trust Bancorp Inc  versus Trustmark ... CML News - Feb 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Community Trust Bancorp Inc  versus Trustmark Corporation  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Community Trust Bancorp Inc  versus First Midwest ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Community Trust Bancorp Inc  versus First Midwest Bancorp Inc  .'
p7
aS'The Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Mar 16, 2017 Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Monday morning.Median Target Of Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.  At $44.25 - Markets Daily'
p8
aS'Community Trust Bancorp Inc  Stock Technicals at Critical ... CML News - Feb 5, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Community Trust Bancorp Inc  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p9
aS'Community Trust Bancorp Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Jul 26, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Community Trust Bancorp Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p10
a.