(lp0
S'Charles &amp; Colvard to Present at 29th Annual ROTH Investor Conference on March ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, will present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference on Monday, March 13, 2017 at 4:30 p.m.'
p1
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard to Host Its Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Investor ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, will host an investor conference call to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2016 at 4:30 p.m.'
p2
aS"Charles &amp; Colvard: Overlooked And Ignored Deep Value Nano Cap Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 Advance a century, the vision and innovation of Charles &amp; Colvard fulfilled. Moissanite's hardness rivals any mineral on Earth, and its refractive properties exceed diamond."
p3
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.----Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, reports financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016.Would You Buy Charles &amp; Colvard Ltd  On These Analyst Ratings? - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard - Still Dirt Cheap While Turnaround Is Gaining Momentum Seeking Alpha - Aug 17, 2016 The case for Charles &amp; Colvard  can be summed up as buying the shares far below the value of inventory and cash per share with a free option on Moissanite  taking off.'
p5
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard President &amp; CEO Suzanne Miglucci Presents at Global E ... Business Wire  - Feb 8, 2017 RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.----Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, today announced President &amp; CEO Suzanne Miglucci will speak at the Global&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard Expands Forever One Moissanite Collection with Emerald ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017 Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, today announced the expansion of its Forever One moissanite collection with four sought-after shapes: emerald, hearts and arrows, pear and radiant.'
p7
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard Ltd. Stock Downgraded  TheStreet.com - Apr 30, 2012 Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. manufactures, markets, and distributes moissanite jewels and finished jewelry featuring moissanite in the United States and internationally.'
p8
aS"Charles &amp; Colvard: The Good, The Bad And The Discounted Sparkly Part 1 Seeking Alpha - Jun 3, 2015 Charles &amp; Colvard  is a manufacturer of Moissanite, a shiny rock that's pretty close in appearance and performance to a diamond for jewelry at about 1/10th the retail price or lower."
p9
aS"Is Charles &amp; Colvard Ltd  As Financially Strong As Zero-Debt On Its ... Simply Wall St - Feb 19, 2017 ... less nerve-racking, it poses a new question: how should they assess the financial strength of such companies? Here's a small checklist which I believe provides a ballpark estimate of their financial health status."
p10
a.