(lp0
S'Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Acquires 3560 Shares of CVB Financial Corp ... Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago CVB Financial Corp. logo Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in CVB Financial Corp.  by 6.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.CVB Financial Corp.  Director Guercio Stephen A. Del Sells 3000 Shares - The Cerbat GemHot Stocks to Track-CVB Financial Corp. , Hawaiian Holdings, Inc ... - Daily News Journal'
p1
aS'CVB Financial Corp. Completes Acquisition of Valley Commerce Bancorp Yahoo Finance - Mar 11, 2017 CVB Financial Corp. , the holding company for Citizens Business Bank , announced that CVBF has completed its merger with Valley Commerce Bancorp , the holding company for Valley Business Bank, Visalia, California.'
p2
aS'CVB Financial Corp. and Valley Commerce Bancorp Announce Merger Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2016 ONTARIO, Calif. &amp; VISALIA, Calif.----CVB Financial Corp.  and Valley Commerce Bancorp  announced today that they have entered into a merger agreement, pursuant to which CVB Financial Corp.'
p3
aS"Insider Trading Activity CVB Financial Corp.   Director Sold ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 Guercio Stephen A Del , Director of CVB Financial Corp.  reportedly Sold 3,000 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 23.48 for a total transaction amount of $70,440.00 SEC Form.Insider Trading at CVB Financial Corp.? - BBNSGuercio Del Unloaded 3000 shares of CVB Financial Corp.  in an Insider ... - MoneyMakingArticles"
p4
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: CVB Financial Corp. , Tanger Factory ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of CVB Financial Corp.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at - in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 0.00&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'CVB Financial Corp. Announces Receipt of Regulatory and Shareholder Approvals ... Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 ONTARIO, Calif.----CVB Financial Corp.  , the parent company of Citizens Business Bank, reports that the California Department of Business Oversight has approved its application to acquire Valley Business Bank,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'CVB Financial Corp. and Valley Commerce Bancorp Announce Amended Merger Agreement Yahoo Finance - Dec 20, 2016  and Valley Commerce Bancorp  announced today that they have amended the merger agreement, pursuant to which CVB Financial Corp.  will acquire Valley Commerce Bancorp  the holding company for Valley&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'CVB Financial Corp. Announces Hiring of David F. Farnsworth as Chief Credit ... Yahoo Finance - Jul 7, 2016 CVB Financial Corp.  , the holding company for Citizens Business Bank , is pleased to announce that David F. Farnsworth has been hired as the new Chief Credit Officer for CVBF and CBB .'
p8
aS"CVB FINANCIAL CORP.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Feb 23, 2017 On February 22, 2017, Mr. Robert M. Jacoby, a director of CVB Financial Corp. , notified the Board of Directors  of his decision not to stand for re-election as a director at the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ..."
p9
aS'CVB Financial Corp. Completes Acquisition of County Commerce Bank Business Wire  - Mar 1, 2016 ONTARIO, Calif.----CVB Financial Corp. , the holding company for Citizens Business Bank , announced that CBB has completed its merger with County Commerce Bank .'
p10
a.