(lp0
S"China XD Plastics  Agrees to 300K Metric Ton Tons of Plastics New ... StreetInsider.com - 20 hours ago China XD Plastics Company Limited  announced the official signing of an agreement with the People's Government of Shunqing District, Nanchong City of Sichuan Province for the production of 300,000 metric tons of bio-composite&nbsp;...Option Market Alert: China XD Plastics Company Ltd. Implied Price Swing Hits ... - CML NewsShareholders Traded Stock: China XD Plastics Company Ltd.'s  has stock ... - Street Updates"
p1
aS"China XD Plastics Announces Receipt of Preliminary Non-Binding &quot;Going Private ... PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2017 HARBIN, China, Feb. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's specialty chemical players engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of modified plastics&nbsp;...Stock Returns: China XD Plastics Company Ltd.  versus Modine ... - CML NewsWould You Buy China XD Plastics Company Limited  On These Analyst Ratings? - Fiscal Standard"
p2
aS"Specialty Chemical Company China XD Plastics Announces Results of 2016 Annual ... PR Newswire  - Dec 5, 2016 HARBIN, China, Dec. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's leading specialty chemical companies engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Specialty Chemicals Company China XD Plastics Schedules Fourth Quarter and ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 HARBIN, China, March 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's leading specialty chemical producers engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of polymer&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"China XD Plastics Announces that Subsidiary Xinda Holding  Company Limited ... PR Newswire  - Aug 29, 2016 HARBIN, China, Aug. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's specialty chemical players engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of modified plastics primarily for&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Investor Review: Focusing in on Shares of China XD Plastics Co Ltd  Davidson Register - 15 hours ago Active traders have a wide variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. Presently, the 14-day ATR for China XD Plastics Co Ltd  is spotted at 0.12. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may ...'
p6
aS'China XD privatization plan criticized Plastics News - Mar 17, 2017 Some stock analysts and investors are sharply criticizing the privatization plans of automotive compounder China XD Plastics Co. Ltd., saying it undervalues the company. In a March 16 conference call, analysts following the Harbin, China-based company&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Can China XD Plastics Company Ltd's  Debt Pose A Serious Problem For The ... Simply Wall St - Mar 16, 2017 Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like China XD Plastics Company Ltd  with its market cap of USD $247 Million.Specialty Chemical Company China XD Plastics Announces Fourth Quarter and ... - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS"China XD Plastics'  CEO Jie Han on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 China XD Plastics Company Limited Earnings Conference Call."
p9
aS"China XD Plastics to delist from NASDAQ; firm's chairman, Morgan Stanley PE ... DEALSTREETASIA - Feb 20, 2017 China XD Plastics Company Ltd - a specialty chemical player that makes modified plastics for automotive applications - is delisting the company from the NASDAQ."
p10
a.