(lp0
S"Community Health Systems  To Sell Four Pennsylvania Hospitals Journal Transcript - Mar 17, 2017 Subsidiaries of Community Health Systems  have reached a deal to sell four hospitals in Pennsylvania as well as their assets to subsidiaries owned by PinnacleHealth System.Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Dana Incorporated (DAN ... - The USA CommerceZacks Rank on Community Health Systems, Inc.  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland Mirror"
p1
aS'Community Health Systems Announces Definitive Agreement to Divest Four ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Community Health Systems, Inc.  announced today that subsidiaries of the Company have signed a definitive agreement to sell four Pennsylvania hospitals and their associated assets to subsidiaries of PinnacleHealth System.'
p2
aS'Community Health Systems to Participate in the Oppenheimer 27th Annual ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Community Health Systems, Inc.  today announced that management will participate in the Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference to be held March 21-22, 2017, at the Westin New York Grand Central in New York.Analyst Activity  Mizuho Reiterates Hold on Community Health Systems  - Market ExclusiveCommunity Health Systems  &amp; Tidewater Inc.  Traders Alert - ClickLancashire'
p3
aS'BRIEF-Community Health Systems to divest four Pennsylvania hospitals Reuters - Mar 14, 2017 BRIEF-Community Health Systems to divest four Pennsylvania hospitals. March 14 Community Health Systems Inc. * Community Health Systems announces definitive agreement to divest four Pennsylvania hospitals. * Community Health Systems Inc - four&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Community Health Systems Up 33% On Enormous Beat Benzinga - Feb 21, 2017 Shares of one of the nation's largest publicly held hospital companies, Community Health Systems , skyrocketed over 33 percent Tuesday following a massive fourth-quarter earnings beat."
p5
aS"Community Health Systems earnings top estimates MarketWatch - Feb 21, 2017 Community Health Systems Inc., the distressed hospital operator, reported fourth-quarter earnings that beat investors' expectations, as the company again increased the number of hospitals it plans to sell to pay off debt.CHS to sell 25 hospitals as net loss swells to $1.7B in 2016 - Becker's Hospital ReviewSteward Health's presence in Valley prompts questions - Youngstown Vindicator"
p6
aS'Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Completion of Offering of $2.2 ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Community Health Systems, Inc.   today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. , had completed its offering  of $2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of its 6 ...Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Early Tender Offer Results for 5.125 ... - Business Wire '
p7
aS'BRIEF-Community Health Systems to divest Anniston, Alabama Hospital Reuters - Mar 3, 2017 BRIEF-Community Health Systems to divest Anniston, Alabama Hospital. March 3 Community Health Systems Inc: * Community Health Systems announces definitive agreement to divest Anniston, Alabama Hospital. * Community Health Systems Inc&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Community Health Systems to Participate in Barclays Global Healthcare ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Community Health Systems, Inc.  today announced that management will participate in the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference 2017 to be held March 14-16, 2017, at the Loews Miami Beach Hotel in Miami Beach, Florida.Community Health Prices Senior Secured Notes Worth $2.2B - Nasdaq'
p9
aS"Trader's Watch List: Community Health Systems, Inc.  ClickLancashire - 13 hours ago The institutional investor owned 41,153 shares of the financial services provider's stock after selling 131 shares during the period.Stock Floundering in Session: Community Health Systems, Inc.  - Aiken Advocate"
p10
a.