(lp0
S"Here's Why Cynosure, Inc. is Soaring Today Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 Investors in Cynosure , a laser maker that makes products to be used in aesthetic and medical procedures, should be smiling from ear to ear.Cynosure Inc.  Has Jumped To A New High After Bought By Hologic - NasdaqCynosure Inc.  Leaped To A New High After Purchased By Hologic - RTT News"
p1
aS'Why Cynosure, Inc. Is Rising Today Motley Fool - Jan 23, 2017 Shares of Cynosure , a laser maker whose products are used in aesthetic and medical procedures, rose by double-digits in early morning trading on Monday in response to a report that suggests the company is looking to sell itself.Cynosure Inc.  Exploring Sale? - StockNewsUnionLaser maker Cynosure said to weigh sale in strategy review - Standard-Examiner'
p2
aS'Aegis Lowers Cynosure, Inc.  to Hold Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Cynosure, Inc. logo Aegis lowered shares of Cynosure, Inc.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Wednesday morning.'
p3
aS'Cynosure, Inc.  Downgraded by Aegis to Hold The Cerbat Gem - 14 hours ago Cynosure, Inc. logo Aegis cut shares of Cynosure, Inc.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Wednesday.The Aegis Lowers Cynosure, Inc.  to Hold - Petro Global News 24Aegis Downgrades Cynosure, Inc.  to Hold - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS'Medical-Laser Maker Cynosure Said to Eye Sale Amid Review Bloomberg - Jan 22, 2017 Cynosure Inc., the maker of lasers for medical and cosmetic treatments, is exploring strategic options including a sale, according to people familiar with the matter, amid increasing interest in the technology from larger global companies.'
p5
aS'Cynosure Promotes Doug Delaney to Chief Commercial Officer PR Newswire  - Nov 1, 2016 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cynosure, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of aesthetic treatment systems, today announced the promotion of Douglas J. Delaney, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales, to Chief Commercial&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'CYNOSURE, INC. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky &amp; Long, PA Announces Investigation ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 14, 2017 Rigrodsky &amp; Long, P.A. announces that it is investigating potential legal claims against the board of directors of Cynosure, Inc.   regarding possible breaches of fiduciary duties and other violations of ...'
p7
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Monteverde &amp; Associates PC Announces an Investigation of ... PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Juan Monteverde, founder and managing partner at Monteverde &amp; Associates PC, a boutique securities firm headquartered at the Empire State Building in New York City, is investigating Cynosure, Inc. (&quot;Cynosure&quot; or the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Cynosure Inc.  Breaks into New 52-Week High on February 22 Session Equities.com - Feb 22, 2017 Shares of Cynosure Inc.  broke into a new 52-week high yesterday, hitting a peak of $66.65. Shares closed at $66.30 after opening at $66.10 for a move of 0.3%.'
p9
aS'Cynosure, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold from Analysts BNB Daily  - Mar 17, 2017 Cynosure logo Cynosure, Inc.  has earned a consensus rating of Hold from the nine brokerages that are currently covering the stock.The Public Sector Pension Investment Board Has $767000 Position in Cynosure ... - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.