(lp0
S'Ambulance Victoria calls for citizen first-responders to help respond to ... Herald Sun - Jan 27, 2017 Ambulance Victoria is developing a smart phone app that will see first aid-trained community members notified when a triple-0 call is made for a person having a heart attack nearby.'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Synovus Financial Corp.  is Beating First Citizens ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Citizens BancShares Inc  versus Synovus Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'New American Citizens Celebrate First Time Voting CBS Local - Oct 27, 2016 PHILADELPHIA  - With Election Day rapidly approaching, dozens of immigrants inside Philadelphia City Hall met to talk about what lies ahead when the next president is inaugurated.'
p3
aS'CIA, In a First, Divulges Procedures for Information on Citizens Wall Street Journal - Jan 18, 2017 WASHINGTONIn a rare act of transparency, the Central Intelligence Agency for the first time has published a fully declassified version of its procedures for handling information on U.'
p4
aS'Citizens Warns Florida Policyholders of AOB Scams in Wake of Hurricane Matthew Insurance Journal - Oct 10, 2016 Citizens Property Insurance Corp. is urging its policyholders to call Citizens first to report losses following Hurricane Matthew in order to protect themselves from assignment of benefit  scams, according to a statement from the company ...Few South Florida claims help keep Matthew insured losses lower than expected - Sun Sentinel'
p5
aS'Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Wells Financial Corp. to Merge GlobeNewswire  - Mar 17, 2017 EAU CLAIRE, Wis. and WELLS, Minn., March 17, 2017  -- Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.  , the parent company of Citizens Community Federal, N.A. , and Wells Financial Corp. &nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Musk's SpaceX Plans 2018 Flight Circling Moon With Civilians Bloomberg - Feb 27, 2017 Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp. plans to send two private citizens on a trip around the moon late next year as it continues to work with NASA for a planned crewed mission to the International Space Station."
p7
aS'Corbitt: Years of experience helpful to Polo SaukValley.com - Mar 18, 2017 I have totally vested myself in our community with complete commitment, whether it be through my work for the city, or more than 20 years of involvement with the Chamber of Commerce, or the Polo Economic Development Corp. as their secretary-treasurer ...'
p8
aS"Citizens reduces scope of planned managed repair program Sun Sentinel - Sep 27, 2016 Officials of Citizens Property Insurance Corp. are backing further away from last year's proposal to require customers to use pre-approved contractors for damage repairs."
p9
aS'Citizens Financial Services, Inc. Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago MANSFIELD, Penn., March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. , the bank holding company for First Citizens Community Bank, recently declared a cash dividend for its shareholders ...'
p10
a.