(lp0
S'Data I/O Corporation Announces Upcoming Investor Events Marketwired  - Feb 7, 2017 REDMOND, WA-- - Data I/O Corporation , the leading global provider of advanced data and security programming and IP management solutions for flash-memory, flash based microcontrollers and other&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Data I/O Corporation  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Data I/O has a new investor presentation. Anthony Ambrose, President and CEO will be presenting at the 29th Annual Roth Conference on March 14, 2017.'
p2
aS"Data I/O to Present at B. Riley &amp; Co.'s 17th Annual Investor Conference on May 26 Marketwired  - May 5, 2016 REDMOND, WA-- - Data I/O Corporation , the leading global provider of advanced programming and IP management solutions for flash, flash-memory based intelligent devices and microcontrollers, today&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Data I/O Corporation: Data I/O Reports 123% Increase in Net Income for Fourth ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 23, 2017 Redmond, WA, Thursday, February 23, 2017 - Data I/O Corporation , the leading global provider of advanced data and security programming and IP management solutions for flash-memory, flash based microcontrollers and other intelligent&nbsp;...Data I/O's  CEO Anthony Ambrose on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS'Data I/O to Demonstrate New SentriX Security Programming Technology at ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 REDMOND, WA-- - Data I/O Corporation , the leading global provider of advanced data and security programming solutions for flash, flash-memory based intelligent devices and microcontrollers, will demonstrate the new&nbsp;...Renesas Electronics Partners with Data I/O and Secure Thingz to Provide Secure ... - Business Wire '
p5
aS'Sell-Side Analysts Offering Perspectives on Data I/O Corporation  Midway Monitor - 7 hours ago Sell-side analysts are offering a consensus Buy rating on shares of Data I/O Corporation . Using the following ratings scale: 1.0 Strong Buy, 2.0 Buy, 3.0 Hold, 4.0 Sell and 5.0 Strong Sell, analysts have an average recommendation of 1 ...'
p6
aS'Company Focus on Data I/O Corporation  Lenox Ledger - 7 hours ago Value investors may be interested in the Magic Formula  on shares of Data I/O Corporation . After a recent check, Data I/O Corporation has an MF Rank of 5650. Successful hedge fund manager Joel Greenblatt introduced the Magic&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Data I/O to Demonstrate New SentriX Security Programming Technology at ... EMSNow  - Mar 13, 2017 Data I/O Corporation , the leading global provider of advanced data and security programming solutions for flash, flash-memory based intelligent devices and microcontrollers, will demonstrate the new SentriXTM Security Programming&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'news.cmlviz.com CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Legal The information contained on this site is provided for general informational purposes, as a convenience to the readers. The materials are not a substitute for obtaining professional advice from a qualified person, firm or corporation. Consult the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Top Bullish Stock Inside Investors Spotlight: Data I/O Corporation's (DAIO ... WsNews 4investors - Feb 27, 2017 Data I/O Corporation's  stock price escalated 8.96% to finalize at $5.11 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p10
a.