(lp0
S"Dana Inc. purchases Michigan plant Toledo Blade - Feb 14, 2017 Dana Inc. said Monday it has reached an agreement to purchase a Michigan automotive plant, U.S. Manufacturing Corp., that makes axle and drive shaft parts for commercial and passenger vehicles, including the Toledo-built Jeep Wrangler.Dana Inc. to Acquire US Manufacturing Corporation's Michigan Operations - PR Newswire Dana to buy US Manufacturing Corp.'s operations in Warren for $100 million - Crain's Detroit Business"
p1
aS'Dana Inc  Stake Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC BNB Daily  - 18 hours ago Dana logo Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its stake in Dana Inc  by 3.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Stock Price Dana Incorporated  Compared to Index - Highland Mirror'
p2
aS'Dana Holding changes name to Dana Inc. Toledo Blade - Jul 21, 2016 Dana Holding Corp., a global automotive parts supplier based in Maumee, announced today it will change its name to Dana Inc., effective Aug. 1. Also announced was its second quarter earnings, in which Dana had lower profits and lower sales.Dana Holding Corporation to Change Name to Dana Incorporated - PR Newswire '
p3
aS"Owens will train new Dana Inc. plant workers Toledo Blade - Dec 6, 2016 Owens Community College will train more than 220 new Dana Inc. plant workers hired to work at the company's North Toledo manufacturing facility now under construction in the Overland Industrial Park."
p4
aS"Dana Inc. Acquires Brevini Group Businesses Hydraulics & Pneumatics    - Dec 29, 2016 Officials at Dana Inc., Maumee, Ohio, recently announced the acquisition of Brevini's Fluid Power and Tranmission Groups of Brevini SpA, Reggio Emilia The acquisition will immediately expand Dana's product portfolio with adjacent technologies and&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Dana Inc. completes acquisition of US Manufacturing Corporation's Michigan ... Automotive World  - Mar 1, 2017 Dana Incorporated  announced today that it has completed its $100 million acquisition of the axle housing and driveline shaft manufacturing operations of U.S."
p6
aS'Weaker Commercial Truck Market Clips Earnings at Dana Inc. Transport Topics Online - Oct 20, 2016 Commercial vehicle supplier Dana Inc. reported third-quarter earnings of $57 million, or 39 cents per share, compared with $119 million, or 75 cents, a year earlier, which reflected a $100 million tax benefit.'
p7
aS"Dana exec tapped for President's jobs council Toledo Blade - Jan 28, 2017 President Trump has selected the chief executive officer of Dana Inc. to join an advisory council that will focus on boosting jobs in the manufacturing sector.Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative - Daily CallerTrump taps Mich. business leaders for jobs initiative - The Detroit News"
p8
aS"Dana CEO takes part in Trump's jobs panel Toledo Blade - Feb 24, 2017 From left, President Trump speaks at the White House with Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, Ford CEO Mark Fields, Campbell Soup CEO Denise Morrison, and United Technologies CEO Greg Hayes.Dana CEO keeps open mind as member of Trump jobs panel - Automotive News  "
p9
aS'Market Insights on Price Target: Dana Inc  Post Registrar - Feb 27, 2017 Dana Inc  plunged -1.35% during previous trade, a total of 1.40M shares exchanged hands compared with its average trading volume of 1.28M shares whereas its relative volume is 0.94.Shares of Dana Incorporated  Plunge -1.66% - Energy Index113 hedge funds sold their entire positions in Dana Incorporated  - Post Analyst'
p10
a.