(lp0
S"Diebold Nixdorf Planning To Divest Legacy Diebold Business In The UK PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 The CMA has concluded that a structural remedy is required. Diebold Nixdorf is now actively pursuing a divestiture of its legacy Diebold business in the U.K. with a potential purchaser. The company believes it can satisfy the CMA's requirements and ...Diebold Nixdorf to sell UK business - Crain's Cleveland BusinessDiebold Nixdorf to seek 'structural remedy' to UK competition authority concerns - ATM Marketplace "
p1
aS"Diebold Nixdorf to close Hungary plant that has 150 workers Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 9, 2017 North Canton-based Diebold Nixdorf Inc.  announced it plans to close a manufacturing plant near Budapest, Hungary, that employs 150 people.Diebold Nixdorf Inc Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.00 Per Share  - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"It's official: Diebold Inc., Wincor Nixdorf to become Diebold Nixdorf ATM Marketplace  - Nov 23, 2015 Sometime in the mid-1800s, Carl  Diebold, occupation locksmith, left his native Germany to find new opportunity in the U.S.Diebold Agrees to Buy Wincor Nixdorf for About $1.9 Billion - BloombergDiebold Offer for Wincor Nixdorf Values Company at $1.8 Billion - Wall Street Journal"
p3
aS"Diebold Nixdorf sets its sights for the near term with 'DN 2020' ATM Marketplace  - Mar 10, 2017 28, hosting its first Investor Day meeting as a combined entity, executives from the former Diebold Inc. and Wincor Nixdorf introduced DN2020, a multiyear business integration and cost-saving strategy whose goal is to produce $200 million in savings ...Diebold Nixdorf will shut Hungary plant as part of long-term restructuring - PaymentsSourceDiebold Nixdorf Inc  Downgraded by Imperial Capital - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS"Diebold Nixdorf names Juergen Wunram its Chief Operating Officer cleveland.com - Feb 16, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf Inc., the Summit County-based bank and security technology company, on Thursday announced two key global leadership changes: the appointment of Juergen Wunram to chief operating officer, and the resignation of Eckard Heidloff,&nbsp;...Diebold Nixdorf names new chief operating officer; president sets spring departure - Crain's Cleveland BusinessDiebold Nixdorf Names Juergen Wunram COO, Board Member - Quick Facts - Nasdaq"
p5
aS"Diebold Nixdorf  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 I'm very excited to speak with you today as we report the first full quarter for Diebold Nixdorf. I'm particularly proud of the team as we completely reshaped the company in 2016 and laid the foundation for our future."
p6
aS'CFO Moves: Diebold Nixdorf, Cancer Genetics, Cognex Wall Street Journal   - Feb 17, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf Inc., a North Canton, Oh. ATM-maker said the Chief Financial Officer of its German business Jrgen Wunram will become chief executive of that subsidiary.'
p7
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Radian Group, Diebold Nixdorf and NICE Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/23/17, Radian Group, Inc. , Diebold Nixdorf Inc , and NICE Ltd  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends. Radian&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Diebold Inc. completes $1.8 billion merger with Germany's Wincor Nixdorf Crain's Cleveland Business - Aug 15, 2016 Diebold Inc.  announced it has completed its $1.8 billion merger with a German rival, Wincor Nixdorf AG, a deal that makes Green-based Diebold the world's largest maker of automated teller machines and gives it a significantly larger ...Diebold Completes Wincor Nixdorf Acquisition - PR Newswire Newly combined Diebold Nixdorf unveils logo - Akron Beacon Journal"
p9
aS'Diebold Nixdorf shuffles C-suite; Heidloff to depart ATM Marketplace  - Feb 24, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf Inc. is making a number of changes at the executive level, including the resignation of president Eckard Heidloff effective March 31.'
p10
a.