(lp0
S'Dollar General closes after inspectors report live rodents, insects found in store WLWT Cincinnati - 12 hours ago The serious sanitation problems that shuttered a store in North Bend on Sunday are being addressed, according to a spokeswoman for Dollar General Corporation. Crystal Ghassemi, of Corporate Communications, indicated the effort will go beyond&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Dollar General Corp's  CEO Todd Vasos on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Good morning. My name is Kayla and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Dollar General Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Today is Thursday, March 16, 2017. [Operator Instructions]. This call ...Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is an All-Weather Buy - Investorplace.comDollar General Corp. stock turns bullish - FX Daily Report"
p2
aS"Why Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is Only Good When Things Are Bad Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 Dollar General Corp. , the store for people who can't get to a Wal-Mart Stores Inc  regularly, has gone nowhere in the three months since it last reported earnings.Dollar General Earnings Preview - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Dollar General invests in staff training as it competes against Wal-Mart and ... Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Mar 16, 2017 Dollar General Corp  plans to raise wages for store managers after the US discount retailer reported a 13.7% increase in fourth quarter sales.'
p4
aS"Brokers Issue Forecasts for Dollar General Corp.'s Q1 2018 Earnings  Chaffey Breeze - 16 hours ago Dollar General Corp. logo Dollar General Corp.  - Research analysts at KeyCorp issued their Q1 2018 EPS estimates for shares of Dollar General Corp. in a report released on Thursday. KeyCorp analyst B. Thomas forecasts that the brokerage will&nbsp;...Dollar General Corp.  Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital - BNB Daily Dollar General Corp.  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS"Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is the Ripest of the Bargain Bunch Investorplace.com - Mar 3, 2017 There is a lot of concern in the discount retailer space as TGT and other retailers continue to post uninspiring numbers. There was also some concern that merger of DLTR with Family Dollar would push DG to the side. But that hasn't happened. As a ..."
p6
aS"Will Wall Street Slash Dollar General Stock? U.S. News & World Report - Mar 13, 2017 Dollar General's slump began with a 17 percent dive in late August 2016, after DG let down the analyst community with its second-quarter report."
p7
aS"Dollar General not yet 'committed' to proposed Penfield location Clearfield Progress - Mar 15, 2017 At the last township supervisors meeting, it was announced that a Dollar General was proposed for a location along Bennetts Valley Highway in Penfield."
p8
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on ... PR Newswire  - Feb 25, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pomerantz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed against Dollar General Corporation   and certain of its officers. The class action, filed in United&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Technicals in View on This Stock: Dollar General Corporation  Rives Journal - 7 hours ago Dollar General Corporation  currently has an FCF quality score of 7.676315. The free quality score helps gauge the stability of free cash flow.'
p10
a.