(lp0
S"Digi International: A Short Opportunity If It Continues To Ignore Belden Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 Digi International  would appear to be a worthwhile candidate. DGII has a strong balance ... This isn't a company that's been able to drive consistent growth, despite reasonable performance from its end markets. Digi reports product ..."
p1
aS"Compensation tumbles for CEO at Digi International Inc. Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Dec 16, 2016 Digi International Inc. CEO Ron Konezny's compensation fell by almost $1 million year over year. That drop equates to a roughly 28 percent decrease, from $3.2 million to $2.3, according to a new disclosure the company released."
p2
aS"Digi board rejects Belden's second offer; investors act as if company is in play Minneapolis Star Tribune - Nov 14, 2016 Not quite two years after hiring new leaders and setting a new strategy, the board of Digi International Inc. is suddenly facing a choice between staying on that path or selling out to a bigger rival.Digi International Board of Directors Confirms Rejection of Unsolicited, Non ... - Business Wire Belden makes an offer for Digi International - evertiq.com"
p3
aS"After Q1, Digi International Still Looks Like A Short Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 I still think the market either doesn't quite understand the story at Digi International . This is a company whose revenue basically stalled out the last few years, and whose stock had been range-bound for about eight years through last fall."
p4
aS'Digi International Acquires IoT Cold Chain Provider FreshTemp PR Newswire  - Nov 2, 2016 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Digi International, , a leading global provider of machine-to-machine  and Internet of Things  connectivity products and services, today announced the purchase of FreshTemp, a provider of ...'
p5
aS'Belden makes public a $380 million offer for Digi International Minneapolis Star Tribune - Nov 12, 2016 Belden Inc. late Friday revealed a $380 million offer to buy Digi International Inc., a Minnetonka-based maker of telecommunications equipment, and said it went public after being turned down by Digi earlier this week.Belden seeks takeover of Digi - STLtoday.com'
p6
aS"Digi International soars as Belden discloses $380 million buyout offer MarketWatch - Nov 11, 2016 Shares of Digi International Inc. DGII, -0.78% soared in Friday's extended session after Belden Inc. BDC, -0.31% made public its proposal to buy the modem company for $13.82 a share."
p7
aS'Digi International Sells Etherios PR Newswire  - Oct 26, 2015 MINNETONKA, Minn., Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Digi International, , a leading global provider of mission-critical machine-to-machine  and IoT connectivity products and services, today announced the sale of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Digi International to Showcase Game-Changing, Real-World Technologies at ... PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2016 PARIS, Feb. 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Digi International, , a leading global provider of mission-critical machine-to-machine  and IoT connectivity products and services, today announced the key company activities and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Breaking Down Digi International's Big Price Run-Up Motley Fool - Nov 22, 2016 At the end of October, Digi International released another positive earnings report. The company has been in an ongoing effort to improve its profitability, and share prices have been recovering from their big dip at the start of the year as a result ..."
p10
a.