(lp0
S'Digital Ally, Inc. to Discuss Fourth Quarter 2016 and Year End Operating ... Marketwired  - Mar 16, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced digital technology products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial security applications, today&nbsp;...Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Digital Ally, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS'Digital Ally, Inc.  investors have generally offloaded the stock after ... Post Analyst - 22 hours ago Digital Ally, Inc.  is trading up on a volume of 0.05 million, or 0.63 times its standard daily volume.'
p2
aS'Digital Ally, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Operating Results Marketwired  - Nov 9, 2016 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial applications, today announced its&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Breaking Down: Digital Ally Inc  Stock Drop Below Support ... CML News - 13 hours ago Digital Ally Inc has a one bull  technical rating because it's trading below the 10 day, 50 day and 200 day simple moving averages while the 10-day moving average is below the 50-day moving average and the 50-day moving average is&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Digital Ally receives favorable ruling in lawsuit against Taser Seeking Alpha - Oct 14, 2016 Digital Ally  says that on October 13, 2016, the Federal District Court issued a ruling that denied the request of Taser International  to continue the stay of discovery on the Antitrust claims included in Digital Ally's ...Taser Isn't Sweating Digital Ally's Lawsuit Ruling - Benzinga"
p5
aS'American Medical Response Awards Digital Ally the Largest Commercial Order in ... Marketwired  - Jan 30, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc.  , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial&nbsp;...Digital Ally Surrenders Some Early Gains After Being Awarded Huge Contact - Benzinga'
p6
aS'Digital Ally And Taser Battle Goes From The Court Room To The Press Benzinga - Dec 4, 2016 TASER International, Inc.  and Digital Ally, Inc.  have been locked in a bitter patent infringement lawsuit battle concerning auto-activation camera technology.'
p7
aS"Lenexa's Digital Ally arms police departments with body and dash cameras Kansas City Star - Jan 2, 2015 A Lenexa company, Digital Ally Inc., has generated national attention lately for a product that brings new meaning to a police officer's call for backup."
p8
aS'Digital Ally And 3 Law Enforcement Stocks You May Have Never Heard Of Are Surging Benzinga - Jul 8, 2016 Shares of Digital Ally, Inc. , a producer of digital video image and storage products for use in law enforcement, surged higher by more than 50 percent to $6.27 on Friday following the deadly shooting in Dallas in which five police offers ...Digital Ally  Stock: Skyrocketing After Shootings - CNA Finance '
p9
aS'Yum China Holdings  Reaches $26.94 After 4.00% Up Move, 1 Analysts ... Herald KS - 10 hours ago The stock of Yum China Holdings Inc  is a huge mover today! About 3.27 million shares traded or 21.56% up from the average.'
p10
a.