(lp0
S'Insider Selling: Quest Diagnostics Inc  SVP Sells 13987 Shares of Stock The Cerbat Gem - 7 hours ago Quest Diagnostics logo Quest Diagnostics Inc  SVP Michael E. Prevoznik sold 13,987 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th.The Quest Diagnostics Inc  Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Petro Global News 24Quest Diagnostics Inc  Stock Rating Upgraded by Bank of America Corp - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Quest Diagnostics Reports Data Breach Wall Street Journal - Dec 12, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. said it is investigating a breach of one of its web applications, by which the health records of 34,000 individuals were accessed.Quest Data Breach: Personal Health Data Exposed in Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX ... - Investorplace.com'
p2
aS"UnitedHealth's Optum Unit to Oversee Quest Diagnostics' Billing Processes Wall Street Journal - Sep 13, 2016 UnitedHealth Group Inc.'s Optum health-services arm has struck a deal to oversee billing processes for lab giant Quest Diagnostics Inc., substantially expanding its growing business of handling such transactions for health-care companies. Under the 10 ...BRIEF-Optum and Quest Diagnostics partner to help make health system work better - ReutersQuest Diagnostics joins forces with UHG's Optum services system - NJBIZ"
p3
aS'Quest Diagnostics reports hack of customer information MarketWatch - Dec 12, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. DGX, +0.34% said late Monday it is investigating a possible hacking of its network that could have affected thousands of accounts.'
p4
aS'Investors in Quest Diagnostics Inc  are paying above the intrinsic value Simply Wall St - Oct 28, 2016 How far off is Quest Diagnostics  to its intrinsic value? I am going to take a look now by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p5
aS'Quest Diagnostics Sees Higher FY17 Results; Joins With Montefiore Health System Nasdaq - Jan 26, 2017  - Quest Diagnostics Inc. , a provider of diagnostic information services, Thursday said it expects fiscal 2017 reported earnings per share between $4.65 and $4.80, and adjusted earnings per share between $5.37 and $5.52.Quest Diagnostics : Tops Q4 Earnings, Sales in Line - Yahoo FinanceQuest Diagnostics Inc  Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By ... - Highland Mirror'
p6
aS'Quest Diagnostics: Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Partners with Physicians to ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harvard Pilgrim Health Care now offers physicians Data Diagnostics, a point-of-care health analytics technology from Quest Diagnostics  and Inovalon  that is designed to help close costly gaps in care ...'
p7
aS"BRIEF-QUEST DIAGNOSTICS SAYS WILL ACQUIRE OUTREACH LABORATORY SERVICES ... Reuters - Feb 15, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Analog Devices, Labcorp, Quest Diagnostics Times of India - Mar 13, 2017 March 13  - Wall Street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several U.S.-listed companies, including Analog Devices, Labcorp and Quest Diagnostics, on Monday. HIGHLIGHTS * Analog Devices Inc : Barclays raises target&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'The Quest Diagnostics Inc  Rating Increased to Conviction-Buy at Goldman ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 14, 2017 Quest Diagnostics Inc  was upgraded by equities research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from a buy rating to a conviction-buy rating in a research report issued on Tuesday.'
p10
a.