(lp0
S"DICK'S SPORTING GOODS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - 8 hours ago DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. is an omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an assortment of sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories in its specialty retail stores in the eastern United States."
p1
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods Inc -- Best in Class but in a Shrinking Industry Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 If you ran a public company, and you put up the kind of quarters that Dick's Sporting Goods just did, and you came out and said, &quot;Look, we're going to be straight with you, here's what our guidance is,&quot; and people said, &quot;Ugh, fine, we're out of here ...Dick's Sporting Goods expands its brands in QC - Quad City Times"
p2
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods And The Competition Dichotomy Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 On Wednesday, the company reported solid results as revenues grew over 10% YOY with a 5% same-store sale improvement. Non-GAAP ... After Sports Authority and Vestis Retail Group filed for bankruptcy protection in 2016 (both chains combined accounted ...Dick's Sporting Goods dumping 20% of vendors to focus on private brands - MarketWatchDICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Three New Stores - PR Newswire "
p3
aS"What The Gander Mountain Bankruptcy Means For Dicks Sporting Goods, Sportsman ... Benzinga - Mar 13, 2017 Credit Suisse said Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc  will be a better beneficiary from the bankruptcy of Gander Mountain Company  versus Dicks Sporting Goods Inc . DKS may not benefit as much as hoped,&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods Looks Compelling Here Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Dick's Sporting Goods  fell more than 8% in trading on Tuesday, 3/7, after the company issued guidance below Street estimates.What a Catch: Dick's Sporting Goods Is Set to Break Out of Its Stock Slump - Wall Street Journal DICK'S Sporting Goods Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p5
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of New Store in Atlanta, GA Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 The new location is the seventh former Sports Authority location that that Company has converted and reopened as a DICK'S Sporting Goods this year. This store will feature athletic and outdoor apparel and the latest gear for team sports, fitness ...Dick's Sporting Goods Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples - CML NewsDicks Sporting Goods Inc  Chairman Edward W. Stack Sells 333344 Shares of ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS"Is Dick's Sporting Goods Inc  Stock a Value For Investors? Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...Is DICK's Sporting a Great Stock for Value Investors? - Nasdaq"
p7
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods hiring workers for new Massapequa store Newsday - 20 hours ago Dick's Sporting Goods is hiring to fill about 90 full-time and part-time positions for a new store opening next month in Massapequa.The Insider Selling: Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Chairman Sells $15823839 ... - Petro Global News 24"
p8
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods to open new store at Perimeter Pointe in Atlanta, GA on ... EPR Retail News  - Mar 17, 2017 Founded in 1948, DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories.Featured Stock to See: Dick's Sporting Goods Inc.  - HugoPress"
p9
aS"Q4 Earnings Preview: What Awaits Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Stock? Investorplace.com - Mar 1, 2017 Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  is set to report fourth-quarter fiscal 2016 results before the market opens on March 7. The question lingering in investors' minds now is, whether this full-line sporting goods retailer will be able to maintain its ...DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Two New Stores - PR Newswire DICK'S Sporting Goods Fourth Quarter Results Call Scheduled for March 7th - Yahoo Finance"
p10
a.