(lp0
S'Noble Capital Markets Initiates Research Coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Capital Markets announced today that it has initiated research coverage on DLH Holdings Corp. . The report was issued by Senior Research Analyst, Mark Jordan, CFA. DLH Holdings Corp. is a pure play government&nbsp;...Analyst Activity  Noble Financial Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Eye on Technicals for DLH Holdings Corp  Davidson Register - 14 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for DLH Holdings Corp  is currently sitting at 0.27. The ATR basically measures the volatility of a&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'The Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  Petro Global News 24 - 6 hours ago Canaccord Genuity began coverage on shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  in a report issued on Tuesday morning. The brokerage issued a buy rating and a $6.00 price objective on the stock.'
p3
aS'Analyst Activity  Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Today, Canaccord Genuity initiated coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  with a Buy with a price target of $6.00. There are 2 buy ratings on the stock.DLH Holdings Corp. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSCanaccord Genuity disclosed DLH Holdings Corp. , hiking its price ... - Breaking Finance News'
p4
aS"With An ROE Of 13.7%, Has DLH Holdings Corp's  Management Done A Good Job? Simply Wall St - Mar 5, 2017 With a ROE of 13.7%, DLH Holdings Corp  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged a ROE of 23.9%.Noble Financial Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp. to Buy with Price ... - Money Flow Index & Trends"
p5
aS'Danya International Acquired by DLH Holdings Corporation WashingtonExec - May 13, 2016 Provider of technology-enabled program management, consulting, and digital communications solutions Danya International has recently been acquired by Atlanta, Ga.'
p6
aS'DLH Holdings Corp.  Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Chaffey Breeze - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  traded up 0.39% on Tuesday, reaching $5.10. The company had a trading volume of 25,266 shares.DLH Holdings Corp.  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness - CML News'
p7
aS'Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  Community Financial News - 17 hours ago DLH Holdings Corp. logo Canaccord Genuity assumed coverage on shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  in a research note published on Tuesday morning.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: DLH Holdings Corp.  versus Gee Group Inc  CML News - Feb 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for DLH Holdings Corp.  versus Gee Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Numbers in View on Shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  Lenox Ledger - 10 hours ago Investors may be checking out multiple metrics for DLH Holdings Corp. . Currently, the company has an MF Rank  of 1820.'
p10
a.