(lp0
S"Leaf Group Ltd Receives a Buy from Roth Capital Analyst Ratings - 5 hours ago Based on Leaf Group Ltd's latest earnings report for the quarter ending December 31, the company posted quarterly revenue of $33.99 million and GAAP net loss of $6.22 million."
p1
aS'Leaf Group Ltd. Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Q4 marks our second consecutive quarter of revenue growth - up a solid 9% year-over-year on a pro forma basis, said Sean Moriarty, CEO of Leaf Group. With continued growth in our Marketplaces business, strong growth for Livestrong.com and renewed&nbsp;...Leaf Group Ltd.  CEO Sean Moriarty On Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaLeaf Group Ltd  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'Leaf Group Celebrates Corporate Transformation by Ringing The Opening Bell at ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Executives and guests of Leaf Group Ltd.  visit the New York Stock Exchange  to celebrate its recent corporate transformation.'
p3
aS'BRIEF-Demand Media announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd Reuters - Nov 9, 2016 BRIEF-Demand Media announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd. Nov 9  -. * Demand Media Inc announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd. * Demand Media Inc says also begins trading its common stock on Nov. 9 on New York&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Chart Watch: Checking on Shares of Leaf Group Ltd  Davidson Register - 8 hours ago Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for Leaf Group Ltd  is resting at 0.3. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may help ...'
p5
aS'What is The Sell-side Recommending on Leaf Group Ltd.  Flexion ... Davidson Register - 8 hours ago Leaf Group Ltd.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.'
p6
aS'Leaf Group to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results on ... Business Wire  - Feb 9, 2017 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----Leaf Group Ltd. , a diversified Internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced it will report its fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results after&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Leaf Group to Participate At The 29th Annual ROTH Conference Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----Leaf Group Ltd. , a diversified Internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, announced that the company's Chief Executive Officer, Sean Moriarty, and Chief Financial&nbsp;...Sean P. Moriarty Sells 8780 Shares of Leaf Group Ltd  Stock - Chaffey Breeze"
p8
aS"Demand Media Announces Intent to Change Name to Leaf Group Business Wire  - Oct 28, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--Demand Media, Inc. , a diversified internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced it has received board approval to change the company's name to Leaf Group Ltd. The company&nbsp;...Demand Media changing names, to Leaf Group - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'Demand Media Highlights Company Transformation Through New Corporate Name ... Business Wire  - Nov 9, 2016 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----In recognition of its business transformation, Demand Media, Inc., a diversified internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced its new corporate name - Leaf Group Ltd.Demand Media Emerges As Leaf Group - socalTech.com'
p10
a.