(lp0
S"CNBC Transcript: Andrew N. Liveris, CEO, Dow Chemical Company CNBC - 22 hours ago Following is the transcript of a CNBC interview with Andrew N. Liveris, CEO, Dow Chemical Company. The interview was broadcast on CNBC on 20 March 2017.Globalization is facing a 're-calibration,' says Dow Chemical chief - Yahoo Autos"
p1
aS'Andreas Halvorsen Buys Dow Chemical Co, Deere, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Sells ... GuruFocus.com - 7 hours ago Greenwich, CT, based Investment company Andreas Halvorsen buys Dow Chemical Co, Deere, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Microsoft, Netflix, UnitedHealth Group, Twenty-First Century Fox, Visa, Charles Schwab, JD.'
p2
aS"Chemical cos. near regulatory approval for massive merger Houston Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 The Dow Chemical Co. , based in Michigan, and Delaware-based DuPont  are nearing the end of the regulatory approval process for their upcoming merger into DowDuPont, and the companies are now targeting a second-quarter&nbsp;...Dow Chemical Company Foundation provides grant to People's Hospice - The Exponent Telegram  "
p3
aS"Chemical co. approaches completion on Freeport plant Houston Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 Midland, Michigan-based Dow Chemical Co.  is nearly done with construction on a massive ethylene plant south of Houston in Freeport, a company executive said.Finish line in sight for Dow's Freeport expansion - Houston ChronicleDow Chemical nears completion of Freeport expansion - FuelFix "
p4
aS'Fiera Capital Corp Sells 3984 Shares of Dow Chemical Co  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 18, 2017 Dow Chemical logo Fiera Capital Corp lowered its stake in Dow Chemical Co  by 7.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Levin Capital Strategies LP Has $200936000 Position in Dow Chemical Co  - The Cerbat GemFirst Republic Investment Management Inc. Raises Position in Dow Chemical Co  - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Bloomberg: Dow-DuPont deal close to winning EU approval Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Dow Chemical  and DuPont  are on track to win European Union approval for their merger as soon as next month - before an April 4 deadline - after tweaking concessions to allay antitrust concerns, Bloomberg reports.EU regulators set to clear Dow, DuPont deal: sources - ReutersDow Chemical Company   Rises 4% for February 22 - Equities.com'
p6
aS'CCI seeks public scrutiny of DuPont-Dow Chemicals merger deal Daily News & Analysis - 15 hours ago E I du Pont de Nemours and Company , The Dow Chemical Company, Diamond Merger Sub Inc and Orion Merger Sub Inc are involved in the deal.'
p7
aS'The Technical Charts For The Dow Chemical Company  Say It All Today NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for The Dow Chemical Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p8
aS"Dow's Liveris stands beside Trump as he signs executive order on business ... MLive.com - Feb 24, 2017 24, Andrew N. Liveris, chairman and CEO of The Dow Chemical Co., was standing beside him. According to a White House news release, the executive order requires &quot;every agency to establish a Regulatory Reform Task Force to eliminate red tape.Trump gathers Dow Chemical's Liveris, other CEOs for manufacturing summit - Crain's Detroit BusinessDow's Liveris to Trump: 'I'm here to make chemistry sexy again' - Midland Daily News"
p9
aS'The Levin Capital Strategies LP Has $200936000 Position in Dow Chemical Co  Petro Global News 24 - Mar 18, 2017 Levin Capital Strategies L.P. boosted its position in Dow Chemical Co  by 8.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.GLG Partners LP Invests $1601000 in Dow Chemical Co  - The Cerbat GemNWQ Investment Management Company LLC Invests $54859000 in Dow Chemical Co  - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.