(lp0
S"Siemens to Buy Dresser-Rand for $7.6 Billion in Cash Bloomberg - Sep 22, 2014 Siemens AG agreed to buy Dresser-Rand Group Inc. for $7.6 billion including debt as Europe's largest engineering company expands its business with oil-and-gas equipment in the U.S.. Siemens will pay $83 a share in cash, the Munich-based company said&nbsp;...Dresser-Rand Signs Agreement To Sell To Siemens For Approximately $7.6 Billion ... - PR Newswire "
p1
aS'Dresser-Rand Merger May Close Soon Seeking Alpha - May 29, 2015 It is the merger deals that have potential problems and issues that offer the greatest opportunity for the risk arbitrage investor.'
p2
aS'Dresser-Rand Group Inc. to reduce its global workforce by 8 percent Olean Times Herald - Mar 2, 2015 As many 650 employees with the Houston-based Dresser-Rand Group Inc. will soon be without jobs. Vince Volpe, president and CEO of Dresser-Rand, announced late Friday the company plans to cut 8 percent of its global workforce.Dresser-Rand cutting 8 percent of workforce - Petro Global News'
p3
aS'Dresser-Rand Group Inc. plans 8 percent workforce reduction Bradford Era - Mar 4, 2015 OLEAN, N.Y. - As many as 650 employees with Houston-based Dresser-Rand Group Inc. may soon be without jobs. Vince Volpe, president and chief executive officer of Dresser-Rand, announced late Friday the company plans to cut 8 percent of its global&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Siemens Gets Greenlight on $7.8 Billion Buyout of Dresser-Rand Oil & Gas 360 - Jun 30, 2015 E.U. antitrust regulators unconditionally approved Siemens'  acquisition of Houston-based Dresser-Rand  for total consideration of $7.8 billion, according to a press release from Siemens.European Commission Cleared Proposed Merger between Dresser-Rand and Siemens - PR Newswire European regulators approve Siemens' $6.6 billion acquisition of Dresser-Rand - Chron.com "
p5
aS'Dresser-Rand Group, Inc. Merger Litigation Business Wire  - Jul 12, 2016 WASHINGTON----On September 24, 2014 and October 24, 2014, two stockholders of Dresser-Rand Group, Inc.  filed purported class action lawsuits, which have since been consolidated into one class action, in the Delaware Court&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Dresser-Rand Acquires Leading Edge Turbine Technologies, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 18, 2010 18 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Dresser-Rand Group Inc.  , a global supplier of high-speed rotating equipment and service solutions, announced today that Dresser-Rand Company acquired the assets of Leading&nbsp;...Dresser-Rand acquires Leading Edge Turbine Technologies - Reliable Plant Magazine'
p7
aS'Dresser-Rand Group  Shareholders Approve Merger with Siemens StreetInsider.com  - Nov 20, 2014 Dresser-Rand Group Inc.  announced today that, at a special meeting of stockholders held earlier today, its stockholders approved the adoption of the merger agreement with Siemens Energy, Inc. , pursuant to which Dresser-Rand&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Dresser-Rand Disappoints, but Is It Bad News for General Electric Company? Motley Fool - Mar 22, 2014 By now, most investors in Dresser-Rand Group, Inc. , will have realized that the company recently gave disappointing earnings and guidance.'
p9
aS"EU Opens In-Depth Probe into Siemens Purchase of Dresser-Rand Wall Street Journal - Feb 13, 2015 BRUSSELSEuropean Union competition authorities said Friday they are opening an in-depth probe into Siemens AG's planned purchase of U.S.Setback for Siemens' takeover of Dresser-Rand - Financial Times"
p10
a.