(lp0
S'In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Duke Realty Corporation ... The De Soto Edge - Jan 19, 2017 Following U.S. election volatility some analysts have updated their recommended target prices on shares of Duke Realty Corporation . According to the most recently released broker notes, 3 analysts have a rating of strong buy on the stock,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Analyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold on Duke Realty Corp ... Market Exclusive - 17 hours ago Today, BMO Capital Markets reiterated its Hold rating on Duke Realty Corp  with a price target of $28.00. There are 5 hold ratings, 7 buy ratings on the stock.Duke Realty Corp's  Hold Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets - Chaffey BreezeUnusual Volume Spikes For: Duke Realty Corporation  - HugoPress"
p2
aS'Exclusive: Duke Realty mulls sale of medical office buildings - sources Reuters - Mar 2, 2017 Real estate investment trust Duke Realty Corp  is exploring the sale of its medical office buildings that could be worth as much as $3 billion, as it seeks to focus on its warehouse portfolio, people familiar with the matter said.Duke Realty mulls sale of medical office buildings -sources - Times of India'
p3
aS"Duke Realty Corporation  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - 11 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Duke Realty Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p4
aS'Deals Rumor Mill: Toshiba, Generali, Duke Realty Law360  - Mar 3, 2017 Indianapolis-based Duke Realty Corp. is mulling a sale of its medical office buildings, Reuters reported on Thursday, and a deal could bring in up to $3 billion.'
p5
aS"Taking a Fresh Look at Duke Realty Corporation  StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Duke Realty Corporation  is an interesting player in the Financial space, with a focus on REIT - Industrial. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $25.48, down from yesterday's close by -0.04%.Duke Realty Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comActive Volume Stock: Duke Realty Corporation  - HugoPress"
p6
aS'Duke Realty Corporation  Is Making A Strong Argument Through Its Technicals NY Stock News - 12 hours ago The technicals for Duke Realty Corporation  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p7
aS"Duke Realty Corporation: Duke Realty, JV partners break ground on emergency ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 16, 2017 Joint venture partners Baylor Scott &amp; White Health, the largest not-for-profit healthcare system in Texas; and Emerus, the nation's first, largest and most experienced operator of micro-hospitals; along with Duke Realty, an Indianapolis-based ..."
p8
aS'Duke Realty Corporation Stock Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Duke Realty Corporation  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20 ...Duke Realty Corp  Receives Average Recommendation of Buy from Analysts - Chaffey BreezeThe GSA Capital Partners LLP Takes Position in Duke Realty Corp  - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS"Form 8-K DUKE REALTY CORP For: Feb 21 Filed by: DUKE REALTY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP/ StreetInsider.com - Feb 24, 2017 On February 21, 2017, Mr. Thomas J. Baltimore, Jr. informed Duke Realty Corporation  that he will not stand for re-election to the Board of Directors  at the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ."
p10
a.