(lp0
S"Is Darden Restaurants  a Great Stock for Value Investors? Zacks.com - 16 hours ago Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...Darden Restaurants, Inc.  Reports Consolidated EPS Of $0.6458 - Equities FocusStock Price of Darden Restaurants, Inc.  Increases 3.37% - Highland Mirror"
p1
aS"Here's Why Darden Restaurants, Inc. Gained 16% in 2016 Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2017 In a difficult year for restaurants in general, Darden Restaurants Inc.  managed to outperform the industry. The company also closed the calendar year strongly, putting up impressive results in its fiscal Q2, which covered the period that ..."
p2
aS"Why Darden Restaurants, Inc. Stock Jumped in November Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2016 Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc.  surged last month as the Olive Garden parent got a boost from Donald Trump's election."
p3
aS'Darden Restaurants: Strong And Cheap Seeking Alpha - Nov 28, 2016 Darden Restaurants Inc.  is a restaurant chain that operates mainly in United States and Canada under brands like Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse, and others.'
p4
aS"SunTrust Banks Comments on Darden Restaurants, Inc.'s Q3 2017 Earnings  Chaffey Breeze - 23 hours ago Darden Restaurants logo Darden Restaurants, Inc.  - SunTrust Banks boosted their Q3 2017 earnings per share estimates for Darden Restaurants in a report issued on Friday."
p5
aS"Today Analysts Focus on Darden Restaurants, Inc. , Acacia Communications ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Darden Restaurants, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.16 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Darden Restaurants Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Darden Restaurants Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p7
aS"The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Children's Place, Rush Enterprises, Darden ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include The Children's Place, Inc. , Rush Enterprises, Inc. , Darden Restaurants, Inc. , Dave &amp; Buster's Entertainment, Inc."
p8
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Darden Restaurants, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Darden Restaurants, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'Darden Restaurants Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 10 Equities.com - Mar 10, 2017 Darden Restaurants Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 10, as the stock lost 1.41% to close at $74.16. On the day, Darden Restaurants Inc. saw 2.16 million shares trade hands on 16,474 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a&nbsp;...Analytical Guide for CNO Financial Group, Inc. , Darden Restaurants, Inc ... - The USA CommerceDarden Restaurants, Inc.  Impact Score At 83 - Stock Observer'
p10
a.