(lp0
S'Will Duke Energy Continue To Rally? Seeking Alpha - 16 hours ago Duke Energy  continues to present itself as an attractive investment opportunity in light of bountiful political uncertainty in both the U.S.Duke Energy  Up 3.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? - Zacks.comDuke Energy Corp  Stake Increased by Barings LLC - BNB Daily '
p1
aS'Duke Energy President Named ESN Board Chair Inside INdiana Business - 11 hours ago Indianapolis-based Energy Systems Network has named Doug Esamann board chairman. He currently serves as executive vice president of energy solutions and president of the Midwest and Florida regions for North Carolina-based Duke Energy Corp.and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Better Dividend Achiever Utilities: Duke Energy Or Xcel Energy? Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Utilities are extremely stable. Electricity and gas are defensive industries. They see continuous demand, even during recessions. This allows them to be consistent dividend payers over long periods of time.'
p3
aS'Downstream from Duke Energy plant, Madison and Eden continue costly search for ... Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 19, 2017 Their years-long struggle is directly linked to the Belews Creek Steam Station, the massive coal-fired power plant owned by Duke Energy Corp. in Stokes County. According to conservationists, the presence of trihalomethanes in the public drinking water&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Duke Energy Is Selling At An Attractive Price Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 DUK had negative revenue due to a write down from sale of its Latin American assets. DUK has solid earnings growth potential going forward.'
p5
aS"3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Duke Energy Corp , Consolidated Edison ... Investorplace.com - Mar 6, 2017 Today's three big stock charts look at utility companies that have been bucking the interest rate trend to move higher. Is the party over for these companies or is it just getting started?"
p6
aS"BRIEF-Duke Energy Corp, units, Piedmont Natural Gas Co entered into an ... Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Duke Energy Corporation Implied Price ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Duke Energy Corporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p8
aS'Duke Energy Corp  Position Cut by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY The Cerbat Gem - Mar 17, 2017 Duke Energy Corp logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY reduced its position in shares of Duke Energy Corp  by 2.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.The Ancora Advisors LLC Invests $421000 in Duke Energy Corp  - Petro Global News 24Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. Holds Position in Duke Energy ... - BNB Daily '
p9
aS"Electric Utilities Stocks Under Review -- Calpine, FirstEnergy, Dynegy, and ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Charlotte, North Carolina headquartered Duke Energy Corp.'s shares ended the day flat at $80.87 with a total trading volume of 2.15 million shares."
p10
a.