(lp0
S'Is There Analysts Upside For Dover Motorsports, Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - 5 hours ago Long term investors looking for stable stocks should take a look at Dover Motorsports, Inc. . The stock currently provides a dividend yield of 2.38% for the Services company.'
p1
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc. Announces Agreement to Sell Nashville Superspeedway to ... Business Wire  - Aug 25, 2016 DOVER, Del.----Dover Motorsports, Inc.  announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Nashville Superspeedway facility to an entity owned by Panattoni Development Company, an international&nbsp;...Dover agrees to sell Nashville track to real estate company - WSMV Channel 4 - WSMV NashvilleDistribution park planned for Nashville Superspeedway site - The Tennessean'
p2
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Jan 4, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p3
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Feb 28, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p4
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share ... Sports Perspectives - Feb 19, 2017 Dover Motorsports logo Dover Motorsports, Inc.  - Equities researchers at Gabelli lowered their FY2018 earnings per share estimates for Dover Motorsports in a research report issued on Wednesday.FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Issued By Gabelli - The Cerbat GemDover Motorsports Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p5
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Cerbat Gem - Feb 16, 2017 Dover Motorsports, Inc. logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Dover Motorsports, Inc.  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Thursday morning.'
p6
aS'Following the Numbers for This Stock: Dover Motorsports Inc  Providence Standard - Mar 13, 2017 Tracking moving averages is one of the most universally used techniques for performing technical stock analysis. Checking on some levels for Dover Motorsports Inc , the 50-day Moving Average is currently 2.28, the 200-day Moving Average is 2.28,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals at Critical Inflection Point CML News - Jan 4, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p8
aS"Dover Motorsports, Inc. : Are Hedge Funds Right About This Stock? Insider Monkey  - Jun 27, 2013 Let's also take a look at hedge fund and insider activity in other stocks similar to Dover Motorsports, Inc. ."
p9
aS'Dover Motorsports announces agreement to sell Nashville Superspeedway Lebanon Democrat - May 29, 2014 ... Inc., will sell the Nashville Superspeedway facility, along with some related equipment and assets for $27 million in cash and the assumption by NeXovation of obligations of Dover Motorsports under certain Variable Rate Tax Exempt Infrastructure ...Dover Motorsports agrees to sell Nashville Superspeedway - FOXSports.comNashville Superspeedway could reopen after $46M deal - The Tennessean'
p10
a.