(lp0
S'Ennis Inc. Realigns Operational Management Team to Position Firm for Growth Printing Impressions  - Oct 5, 2016 MIDLOTHIAN, Texas - October 5, 2016 - Ennis Inc. has announced the realignment of its operational management team to drive continuous improvement and better position the company for future growth.'
p1
aS'Ennis Acquires Assets of Forms Manufacturer Major Business Systems Printing Impressions  - Mar 22, 2016 MIDLOTHIAN, Texas - March 22, 2016 - Ennis Inc. has announced that one of its wholly owned subsidiaries closed on an agreement to acquire the assets of Major Business Systems in Hillsborough, N.C.'
p2
aS"News Ennis Inc.EBF Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p3
aS'Dividend Stock With Analysts Upside: Ennis, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 4 hours ago If investors are looking for a stable dividend stock with upside, Ennis, Inc.  could be one that fits the bill.'
p4
aS'16.75 MarketWatch - Oct 10, 2010 Ennis Inc. NYSE: EBF. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p5
aS"Ennis, Inc. Announces Proposed Sale of Apparel Division and Certain ... Business Wire  - Apr 4, 2016 The Company has transferred his employment and his Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated as of December 18, 2008 to A and G, Inc., a subsidiary of Alstyle Apparel. As of April 1, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors and its&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Ennis, Inc. Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend &amp; Special Dividend from Sale ... Business Wire  - Jun 20, 2016 MIDLOTHIAN, Texas----Keith S. Walters, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ennis, Inc.'
p7
aS"Ennis, Inc. Announces Closing of the Sale of Its Apparel Division Business Wire  - May 26, 2016 MIDLOTHIAN, Texas----Ennis, Inc. , , today announced that it has completed the previously announced sale of Alstyle Apparel, LLC and its subsidiaries, which constituted the Company's apparel division (the&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Ennis, Inc. Announces Acceptance of $110 Million Superior Offer for Its ... Business Wire  - May 4, 2016 MIDLOTHIAN, Texas----Ennis, Inc. , , today announced that it has accepted a superior offer to sell Alstyle Apparel, LLC and its subsidiaries, which constitute the Company's apparel division (the Apparel&nbsp;...Gildan Activewear Announces Agreement to Acquire Alstyle Apparel, LLC, the ... - Marketwired Gildan Buying Alstyle - Apparel News"
p9
aS'Value Score in View for Ennis, Inc.  The Standard - 12 hours ago Taking a look at shares of Ennis, Inc. , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 17. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or overvalued&nbsp;...'
p10
a.