(lp0
S"GlassHouse: Electronics For Imaging's Balance Sheet 'Littered With ... Benzinga - Oct 13, 2016 GlassHouse Research has published a new damning report on Electronics for Imaging, Inc. . According to the report, Electronics for Imaging has been using every accounting gimmick in the book to tweak its earnings numbers."
p1
aS'The State Street Corp Raises Stake in Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Petro Global News 24 - 19 hours ago State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  by 0.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Position Raised by Fmr LLC - Chaffey BreezeState Street Corp Raises Stake in Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p2
aS"Electronics for Imaging  to Acquire Xerox's  FreeFlow Print Server ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 2, 2017 On January 31, 2017, Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  entered into a transaction to acquire Xerox Corporation's FreeFlow Print Server Digital Front Ends business.Xerox and EFI Partner to Give Customers Best in Class Digital Front Ends - Business Wire "
p3
aS'ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INVESTOR REMINDER: Hagens Berman Reminds Investors in ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2016 ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INVESTOR REMINDER: Hagens Berman Reminds Investors in Electronics for Imaging, Inc. of Investigation into Possible Accounting Fraud and Securities Law Violations&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'EFI Acquires Optitex to Extend Its Leadership in the Digital Transformation of ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 17, 2016 FREMONT, Calif., June 16, 2016  -- Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  announced today the acquisition of Optitex Ltd.'
p5
aS'Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  stock moves up, Buy rating reiterated ... The Ledger Gazette - Feb 14, 2017 Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  shares rose on Monday February 13 on lower trade volume than normal after a number of analysts weighed in on the investing value of the stock and reiterated thier respective ratings.Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  Receives Buy Rating from Needham ... - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS'Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Receives $53.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - Mar 11, 2017 Electronics For Imaging logo Shares of Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  have earned a consensus recommendation of Buy from the eight brokerages that are currently covering the stock.Should You Sell Electronics For Imaging, Inc. Based On Current Broker Views? - NewsDen'
p7
aS'Electronics for Imaging Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Electronics for Imaging Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.Guy Gecht Sells 13714 Shares of Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Stock - Community Financial News'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated  is Beating Electronics ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated  versus Electronics for Imaging Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end ...'
p9
aS"Electronics For Imaging's  CEO Guy Gecht on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 Good afternoon. My name is Marianna and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Electronic For Imaging Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on ..."
p10
a.