(lp0
S"Energy Focus Inc. names a new CFO Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 17, 2017 Energy Focus Inc. , the Solon-based maker of LED lighting products, has a new chief financial officer. The company on Friday, March 17, announced Michael H. Port, the company's controller and former interim CFO, now is its CFO and&nbsp;...Energy Focus picks Port as new CFO - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Energy Focus, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Feb 23, 2017 Since joining Energy Focus as Executive Chairman in December, I have been working closely with our Board of Directors and executive team to formulate a strategy to return the Company to profitable growth.'
p2
aS'Energy Focus, Inc. Launches Network-Ready Lighting Solutions GlobeNewswire  - Sep 28, 2016 SOLON, Ohio, Sept. 28, 2016  -- Energy Focus, Inc. , a leader in LED lighting technologies, today announced the launch of two new products, 500NR Network-Ready Series LED Tube and Intellitube NR Network-Ready&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'CFO Moves: Green Bancorp, Libbey, Energy Focus Wall Street Journal   - 19 hours ago Energy Focus Inc., a Solon, Ohio, LED-lighting company, has appointed Michael Port as CFO and secretary. Mr. Port previously served as controller and interim CFO.'
p4
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Energy Focus Inc  CML News - 6 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Energy Focus Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p5
aS"Energy Focus Inc  Given Hold Rating at FBR &amp; Co Sports Perspectives - 10 hours ago Energy Focus logo Energy Focus Inc 's stock had its hold rating reissued by equities researchers at FBR &amp; Co in a report issued on Monday.Energy Focus  appoint Michael H. Port, ASController and former ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p6
aS'ENERGY FOCUS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p7
aS'Does Zero-Debt Really Make Energy Focus Inc  A Financially Strong Company? Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 The direct benefit for Energy Focus Inc , which sports a zero-debt capital structure, to include debt in its capital structure is the reduced cost of capital.Zacks Investment Research Lowers Energy Focus Inc  to Sell - The Cerbat GemThe Energy Focus, Inc.  Posts Earnings Results - DailyQuint'
p8
aS"Energy Focus Will Participate in Roth Capital's 29th Annual OC Growth ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 1, 2017 SOLON, Ohio, March 01, 2017  -- Energy Focus, Inc. , a leader in LED lighting technologies, today , today announced that management will participate in the 29th Annual Roth Capital OC Investor Conference, being held&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Energy Focus, Inc.  Daily Sentiment At 0.289 Markets Daily - 9 hours ago Energy Focus, Inc.  has been given a 0.289 daily sentiment score. This dataset comprises average sentiment and impact scores figured on all articles linked to Energy Focus, Inc. , published in preceding 24 hours. It is ...'
p10
a.