(lp0
S"News Entercom Communications Corp. Cl AETM Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p1
aS'Entercom Communications Corp. Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 David J. Field, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated: Entercom posted another solid quarter of organic growth, completing an excellent year during which same-station revenues increased 4%, adjusted net income grew 13% and free cash flow&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Entercom Communications Corp.  versus Gray Television ... CML News - 10 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Entercom Communications Corp.  versus Gray Television Inc  .Analysts Anticipate Entercom Communications Corp.  to Announce $0.05 EPS - Chaffey BreezeSnapshot of Recent Traded Stock: Entercom Communications Corporation  - Is stories'
p3
aS'Is There Analysts Upside For Entercom Communications Corp. ? Aiken Advocate - 8 hours ago Long term investors looking for stable stocks should take a look at Entercom Communications Corp. . The stock currently provides a dividend yield of 2.11% for the Services company.'
p4
aS'ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Feb 22, 2017 Entercom Communications Corp. is a radio broadcasting company. The Company has a portfolio of approximately 130 radio stations in over 30 markets across the United States.Entercom Communications posts 4Q profit - Yahoo FinanceEntercom Communications Corp.  expected to move 4% in response to its ... - Post Analyst'
p5
aS'Entercom Communications Corp. Cl A MarketWatch - Dec 21, 2009 Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up of low-cost buy-and-hold index funds.  How to create your own Lazy Portfolio.'
p6
aS'CBS Corporation and Entercom Announce Merger of CBS Radio with Entercom to ... Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2017 NEW YORK &amp; BALA CYNWYD, Pa.----Entercom Communications Corp.  and CBS Corporation  today announced that the companies have entered into an agreement by which Entercom will combine&nbsp;...Entercom Communications Corp.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market ExclusiveCBS Radio to merge with Entercom Communications, forming radio giant - Baltimore Sun'
p7
aS"Moody's upgrades Entercom Communications to B1 from B2; outlook remains stable Moodys.com   - May 11, 2016 New York, May 11, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  upgraded Entercom Communications Corp.'s  Corporate Family Rating to B1 from B2 and Probability of Default Rating to B1-PD from B2-PD."
p8
aS'Entercom Communications Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Release and ... Business Wire  - Feb 9, 2017 Entercom Communications Corp.  is the fourth-largest radio broadcasting company in the U.S., reaching and engaging more than 40 million people a week through its 127 highly rated stations in 27 top markets across the country.Option Trading: Entercom Communications Corp.  Powerful Long Put ... - CML NewsBrokerages Expect Entercom Communications Corporation  to Post $0.22 ... - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Entercom Communications Corp. Announces Bank Meeting and Proposed Debt Refinancing Business Wire  - Oct 17, 2016 BALA CYNWYD, Pa.----Entercom Communications  today announced that it has scheduled a bank meeting on Tuesday, October 18, 2016 to launch a refinancing of all of its existing senior and senior unsecured debt.'
p10
a.