(lp0
S"Ford Motor Company's $1.2B campus changes start with move into ex-Lord ... MLive.com - 17 hours ago The creativity behind Ford Motor Company moving 1,800 employees into a former Lord &amp; Taylor store makes more than mall owners take notice.Luminus Management LLC Purchases Shares of 1016100 Ford Motor Company  - The Cerbat GemThe Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $3573000 Position in Ford Motor ... - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS'Which Ford Motor Company Car Had a BMW Engine? The Drive - Mar 17, 2017 It was this motor, built in a joint operation by BMW and builder-for-hire Magna Steyr in Austria, that Ford plugged into the Continental and Mark VII.'
p2
aS"Short Ford Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Ford Motor is attractive because of its high dividend, but the stock price may face serious challenges going into 2017. Rate hikes and dollar appreciation represent a multi-faceted challenge for Ford's business and its stock price. Ford stock may be a ..."
p3
aS"Ford Motor Company proves UK's most preferred manufacturer of driverless vehicles The Sun - Mar 10, 2017 UK motorists picked Ford due to positive past experiences with the brand, which naturally led them to think positively about its delivery of cars in the future, despite drastic changes to how they will be built and, more importantly, used by motorists ..."
p4
aS'4 Reasons To Buy Ford Motor Company Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Ford is the second largest automotive company in the U.S. in terms of market share and captures about 7.3% of the global market.'
p5
aS"Don't Expect a Ford Motor Company  Stock Turnaround Anytime Soon Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 The problem is, Ford hasn't been growing sales the way its chief competitors General Motors Company , Honda Motor Co Ltd   and Toyota Motor Corp   have been. Those companies' sales improved by an&nbsp;...Zacks Rank on Ford Motor Company  based on Estimated Earnings - Herald KeeperTraders Secrets on Ford Motor Company , Marathon Oil Corporation  - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS"3 Key Takeaways From Ford Motor Company's February Sales Figures Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Detroit's second-largest automaker, Ford Motor Company , posted another monthly sales decline -- its fourth in the past six months.Ford Motor Co Feb. US Sales Down 4% - Quick Facts - NasdaqGM, Ford beat February sales expectations; industry sales seen down - Economic Times"
p7
aS"Ford And Its 4.8% Yield Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Ford Motor Company  has been through quite the adventure in the past decade or so. The company's common stock became almost worthless during the financial crisis, which saw it under terrific financial distress, but Ford has remade itself into a&nbsp;...Why Ford Motor Company  Stock Is Still a Screaming Good Buy - Investorplace.comToday's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Ford Motor Company and General ... - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS"Ford Motor Company to Host CFO Let's Chat Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 On Thursday, March 23, Bob Shanks, Ford Motor Company  executive vice president and chief financial officer, will host a Let's Chat forum to discuss key items of interest to the investment community.Ford adds software heavyweight to board - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS"Can Ford Motor Company  Rev Up Its Engines? Investorplace.com - Feb 27, 2017 Within the automotive community, Ford Motor Company  has a few colorful nicknames - perhaps the most common one is Fixed Or Repaired Daily, but there's quite a few I haven't heard before.FORD MOTOR COMPANY  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveChecking the Overall Picture for Ford Motor Company  - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.