(lp0
S'First American launches new appraisal solutions technology HousingWire - 15 hours ago First American Mortgage Solutions, a subsidiary of First American Financial Corp. and provider of solutions covering the entire residential loan spectrum, launched its new appraisal solutions technology and brought on its first network of in-house ...Press Release First American Mortgage Solutions brings expansive valuation ... - National Mortgage News'
p1
aS"First American's Alan Hummel Named 2017 Valuation Visionary Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago First American Mortgage Solutions, LLC, a subsidiary of First American Financial Corporation  and leading provider of lender and servicer solutions covering the entire residential loan spectrum, today announced that the Collateral Risk ..."
p2
aS'What Is Going On With First American Financial? Seeking Alpha - Dec 2, 2016 Take First American Financial Corporation  as an example. As a dividend investor, I was interested in FAF due to its relatively high dividend  and its historical dividend growth rate (an average of ~40% yearly increase during ...'
p3
aS'First American Financial: An Undervalued Insurance Gem Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 On October 20, First American Financial Corporation  reported a Q3 EPS of $0.96, which beat estimates by $0.08, and also reported Q3 earnings of $1.51 billion, which beat estimates by $50 million.'
p4
aS"Only 3 days left to First American Financial Corporation 's ex-dividend ... Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 Important news for shareholders and potential investors in First American Financial : The dividend payment of $0.34 will be distributed into shareholder's accounts on Wed 15 Mar 2017 but the stock will begin trading ex-dividend already on the&nbsp;...State Street Corp Increases Stake in First American Corporation   - The Cerbat GemFirst American Financial Corporation  topped earnings-per-share ... - The Independent Republic"
p5
aS'First American Financial Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for FAF Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 In trading on Monday, shares of First American Financial Corp  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $39.23, changing hands as low as $39.13 per share.The SunTrust Banks Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for First American ... - DailyQuintLoomis Sayles &amp; Co. LP Has $7282000 Position in First American Corporation ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Assured Guaranty, Employers Holdings and First American ... Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/6/17, Assured Guaranty Ltd , Employers Holdings Inc , and First American Financial Corp  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective ...'
p7
aS'First American acquires TD Service Financial Corp. HousingWire - Oct 10, 2016 For the first time in more than 50 years, someone other than Dale Dykema is about to lead TD Service Financial Corporation, as First American Financial Corporation announced plans to acquire California-based TD Service and several of its subsidiaries.'
p8
aS'First American completes acquisition of RedVision HousingWire - Sep 21, 2016 First American Financial Corporation, a provider of title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, announced Wednesday that it completed the acquisition of RedVision Systems, an independent national provider of ...'
p9
aS'First American Buys TD Service Financial Orange County Business Journal - Oct 11, 2016 Santa Ana-based title insurance firm First American Financial Corp. has bought TD Service Financial Corp. of Orange on undisclosed terms.'
p10
a.