(lp0
S"Why Facebook Inc Has Scored Exclusive Streaming Rights for Pro Soccer Games Motley Fool - 16 hours ago In this segment from the Motley Fool Money show, Chris Hill is joined by Jason Moser, Matt Argersinger, and Andy Cross as they discuss the latest development in sports media -- Facebook  recently closed a deal to stream the world's most&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Stop What You're Doing and Trade Facebook Inc  Stock Now! Investorplace.com - 13 hours ago If the trend is your friend, there's little reason not to like Facebook Inc . But considering an extended run in FB stock and the broader market, liking shares at a discount using a no-cost, limited risk spread makes more sense for less ..."
p2
aS"6 Things You Didn't Know About Facebook, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 Many investors are probably familiar with the basic history of Facebook . The site started out as a &quot;hot or not&quot; game for Harvard students called Facemash, then evolved into a social network, and Yahoo!Buy Facebook Inc  Stock as It Steals Snap Inc's  Thunder - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"Social Media Combat: Facebook Inc  vs. Snap Inc  Edition Smarter Analyst - Mar 17, 2017 In a war of popularity and profitability, Facebook Inc  and Snap Inc  are fiercely clashing to score the title of champion among the fray.Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Facebook Inc. and Snap Inc. - Yahoo FinanceFacebook Inc  Untapped Cash Cows: WhatsApp and Messenger - Library For Smart Investors"
p4
aS'Facebook Inc  Stock Overbought Live Trading News - 2 hours ago Rex Takasugi - TD Profile. FACEBOOK INC A closed up 0.100 at 139.940. Volume was 41% below average  and Bollinger Bands were 37% narrower than normal.'
p5
aS'Privacy Revamp Makes Facebook Inc  Stock Even More Attractive Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 Score one for civil liberties. This week, social networking giant Facebook Inc  overhauled its privacy policies, blocking police departments from using the site as a means of keeping tabs on users who may also be associated with violent&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Facebook Inc Is Secretly Working On Several Major Hardware Products StockNews.com  - 19 hours ago Everyone knows that Facebook Inc  is incredibly dominant in the world of social media, but its ultra-secretive Building 8 unit is developing at least four mysterious consumer hardware products.Facebook Inc.  Stock Is Still An Attractive Buy - AmigobullsFacebook  Looking for a Retail Head to Sell Hardware - Zacks.com'
p7
aS"Facebook Inc rolls out new 'Messenger Day' expiring-status feature to make the ... Financial Post - Mar 9, 2017 Facebook Inc says it wants to make its popular chat messaging platform Messenger even more social, so it has added another Snapchat-inspired feature to its line of products on Thursday.FB Stock: Facebook Inc To Gain At The Expense Of Other Social Media Platforms - AmigobullsFacebook Can't Stop Copying Snapchat's Most Popular Features - StockNews.com "
p8
aS'William Blair Bullish on Facebook Inc  Following Meetings with Industry ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 10, 2017 William Blair analyst Ralph Schackart is chiming in on Facebook Inc  following his meetings over the past month with an executive at a private company that purchases advertising on digital platforms, including on the social media giant, as ...'
p9
aS'Is Facebook Inc. Copying Tencent? Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Facebook  is often accused of &quot;copying&quot; features from other companies and integrating them into its social network.The Long-Term Case for Investing in Facebook Inc - Madison.com'
p10
a.