(lp0
S'Better Buy: Freeport-McMoRan Inc. vs. Barrick Gold Motley Fool - Mar 18, 2017 Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  and Barrick Gold  rank among the largest gold and copper miners in the world. After years of retrenching, both are in better operational and financial shape than they were when commodity prices started to&nbsp;...Freeport-McMoRan - Watch This Chart Now More Than Ever - Seeking AlphaThe Technical Facts on Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS'Why Freeport-McMoRan Inc Shares Fell a Painful 19.5% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 In February, the shortest month of the year, copper, gold, and oil company Freeport-McMoRan Inc  saw its shares tumble by nearly 20%.Freeport-McMoRan Inc  Stock Will Fight Through the Pain - Investorplace.comFreeport-McMoRan Inc  Receives Average Rating of Hold from Brokerages - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS"Freeport: Buy It, Don't Wait Seeking Alpha - 17 hours ago Freeport-McMoRan  has been on a downtrend the last thirty days due to prolonged problems at Grasberg, labor problems at their Cerro Verde, and sideways trading in copper prices."
p3
aS'Is There More Upside for Freeport-McMoRan? Yahoo Finance - 10 hours ago At the beginning of 2016, nothing seemed to be going right for Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  as the stock plunged to $3.74 by Jan. 13, 2016.Stock to Watch: Freeport-McMoRan Inc  - Post RegistrarFreeport-McMoRan Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p4
aS"Freeport-McMoRan: Caution Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Indonesian government's stubbornness is not good for the company as well as the people of the country. The country does not possess the necessary technology and investment to utilize these resources.Twists and turns in tortuous Indonesian mining dispute - Asia TimesFreeport: Grasberg Copper Mine Will Not Return to Normal Operation in 2017 - Metal.com News"
p5
aS"Freeport-McMoRan: 4 Scenarios For Grasberg Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 In my previous article on Freeport-McMoRan , I discussed the company's problems in Indonesia. This time they are serious compared to previous rounds of this soap opera.Why Is Freeport-McMoRan Inc  Stock Falling Amid High Copper? - Investorplace.comDigging Up the Facts on Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS"Analysts Near-Term outlook: NVIDIA Corporation , Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago Shares of NVIDIA Corporation  surged 2.18% to $106.07. During the trading on 03/17/2017, Company's stock ranged from $103.81 to $106.12."
p7
aS"Freeport-McMoRan Inc. Is Too Dangerous Right Now Investorplace.com - Feb 21, 2017 Freeport-McMoRan Inc  can't seem to catch a break. The past few years have characterized by multiple turnarounds that were only met by good deals gone bad, terrible situations and deteriorating fundamentals.Freeport-McMoRan: This Time, Indonesian Problems Look Serious - Seeking AlphaFreeport-McMoRan Inc.  Dips 2.83% for February 22 - Equities.com"
p8
aS'Freeport-McMoRan - Key Levels To Watch Out For Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  is facing consistent selling pressure after the talks failed with the Indonesian government regarding its long-term operating rights under its Contract of Work and its right to export concentrate without restriction.Why Freeport-McMoRan Inc  Stock Is Much Uglier Without Indonesia - Investorplace.comFreeport-McMoran  Down 14.9% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? - Zacks.com'
p9
aS"Option Trading: Freeport-McMoRan Inc  Winning Long Put Spreads Can ... CML News - 18 hours ago We're going to look at a wonderful result using long put spreads for Freeport-McMoRan Inc by pinpointing earnings risk, and then navigating around it."
p10
a.