(lp0
S'Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 20 Equities.com - 8 hours ago Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 20, as the stock lost 1.04% to close at $38.05.Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - Sports PerspectivesFarmers Capital Bank Corporation  Reports Consolidated EPS Of $0.3387 - Equities Focus'
p1
aS"Farmers Capital Bank Corporation Announces Plan to Consolidate Banking Operations GlobeNewswire  - Aug 12, 2016 FRANKFORT, Ky., Aug. 11, 2016  -- Farmers Capital Bank Corporation   announced today that its Board of Directors approved a plan to consolidate the Company's four bank subsidiaries (as well as the&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 27, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.1 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 01, 2017.Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus National ... - CML News'
p3
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.85% to close at $38.45.Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corporation Announces Balance Sheet Restructuring ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 22, 2016 FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 21, 2016  -- Farmers Capital Bank Corporation   announced a series of balance sheet restructuring transactions that are expected to improve its overall financial position including&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corp  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday.Zacks Investment Research upgraded Farmers Capital Bank Corp  to ... - Breaking Finance NewsBroker Outlook For The Week Ahead Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p6
aS'Decision Time: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Stock Technicals ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Decision Time: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus Middleburg Financial Corporation  .Farmers Capital Bank Corp.  Issues Earnings Results - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  is Beating First ... CML News - Mar 9, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Bancshares Inc  versus Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  is Beating Ames ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Ames National Corporation  versus Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Zacks: Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy ... - Sports PerspectivesFarmers Capital Bank Corp  Given Average Rating of Buy by Analysts - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.