(lp0
S'New Castle Equity Research updates National Beverage Corp. Price Target ValueWalk - 12 hours ago Readers have asked us to provide an update on our National Beverage outlook given the outstanding Q3 results and the price appreciation  since our article was published early last October at ValueWalk.'
p1
aS'Shares Of National Beverage Corp. Continue To Bubble Up, Plenty Of Runway Ahead Benzinga - Mar 10, 2017 National Beverage Corp.  reported robust third-quarter results ahead of the estimates on both sales and profit.National Beverage Is A Buy - Seeking AlphaEarnings Double in Winter Quarter . . . National Beverage Corp. Shareholders Gain - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Why National Beverage Corp. Bubbled Up Another 10% in April Motley Fool - May 16, 2016 What: During the month of April, stock in National Beverage Corp.  added another 10.4% to an uptrend that began in February, according to S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p3
aS'National Beverage Corp  Shares Up 7 Bars Business Review - 10 hours ago National Beverage Corp  have climbed higher in consecutive sessions revealing positive upward momentum over the past week.'
p4
aS'Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP is Investigating National Beverage Corp.  on Behalf ... PR Newswire  - Jan 17, 2017 NEW YORK, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, is investigating potential misconduct at National Beverage Corp.  . The investigation focuses on&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Philly Soda Tax Is A Win For National Beverage Corp. Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Over the past year, the city of Philadelphia has been in a heated battle with the American Beverage Association over the newly implemented &quot;soda tax.Philadelphia soda tax killing sales, layoffs loom - NorthJersey.com'
p6
aS'LaCroix Leads National Beverage Corp To Historic Quarter Benzinga - Aug 24, 2016 National Beverage Corp.  is up big after historic Q1 results. The company is capitalizing on a shift in American consumers tastes, opting for more healthy alternatives, especially when it comes to drinks.'
p7
aS"National Beverage Corp. Fights Back Seeking Alpha - Nov 20, 2016 I'm not sure how legal or feasible this actually is, but it is representative of the unconventional thinking that is embodied by the National Beverage Corp. management team. Why now? While providing Caporella with some cash is an obvious motivation, I ..."
p8
aS'National Beverage Corp. Dominates In Q2 Seeking Alpha - Dec 1, 2016 Much to the surprise of many investors, myself included, National Beverage Corp.  posted outstanding FY17 Q2 results during the middle of trading on Wednesday.'
p9
aS"National Beverage Corp Stock: How Sparkling Water Produced Eye-Popping Returns ... Motley Fool - Dec 8, 2016 If you want results that differ substantially from the market, you must be willing to do things, um, differently. National Beverage Corp  provides a great example of that maxim at work. The soda company's stock has trounced rivals with a ..."
p10
a.