(lp0
S'Verizon to buy vehicle management company Fleetmatics for $2.4 billion Reuters - Aug 1, 2016 Verizon Communications Inc said on Monday it would buy GPS vehicle tracking firm Fleetmatics Group Plc for about $2.4 billion in cash to bolster its expansion into the connected vehicle and fleet management market.Verizon Agrees to Buy Fleetmatics in $2.4 Billion Cash Deal - BloombergFleetmatics Group PLC Soars on Acquisition By Verizon Communications - Motley Fool'
p1
aS'Fleetmatics Named Leading Provider Of Software-Based Fleet Management ... PR Newswire  - Jul 20, 2016 DUBLIN and BOSTON, July 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Fleetmatics Group PLC , a leading global provider of mobile workforce solutions for service-based businesses of all sizes delivered as software-as-a-service , today announced that,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Fleetmatics Wins Gold for Best in Biz Awards 2014 &quot;Product Line of the Year&quot; PR Newswire  - Dec 16, 2014 DUBLIN and BOSTON, Dec. 16, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Fleetmatics Group PLC , a leading global provider of mobile workforce solutions for service-based businesses of all sizes delivered as software-as-a-service , today announced it has&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Fleetmatics and Field Technologies to Host 'How To Get More From Field ... PR Newswire  - Jan 14, 2015 DUBLIN and BOSTON, Jan. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Fleetmatics Group PLC , a leading global provider of mobile workforce solutions for service-based businesses of all sizes delivered as software-as-a-service  and Field Technologies&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Fleetmatics Group  Acquires Inosat StreetInsider.com - Sep 7, 2016 Fleetmatics Group PLC  announced the acquisition of Inosat - Consultoria Informtica, S.A., a SaaS-based provider of fleet management solutions in Portugal.'
p5
aS'Fleetmatics To Exhibit Latest Mobile Workforce Offerings At Pest World 2015 Field Technologies Online  - Oct 21, 2015 Dublin and Boston, MA /PRNewswire/ -- Fleetmatics Group PLC , a leading global provider of mobile workforce solutions for service-based businesses of all sizes delivered as software-as-a-service , today announced it will be exhibiting&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Fleetmatics Introduces New App Designed For Mobile Workers, Enhancing Overall ... Field Technologies Online  - Aug 6, 2015 Dublin and Boston, MA /PRNewswire/ -- Fleetmatics Group PLC , a leading global provider of mobile workforce solutions for service-based businesses of all sizes delivered as software-as-a-service , announced today that it has launched&nbsp;...Fleetmatics Drives Significant Global Growth As Vehicles Under Subscription ... - PR Newswire '
p7
aS"Verizon closes on $2.4B Fleetmatics acquisition Seeking Alpha - Nov 7, 2016 Fleetmatics won't be traded on the NYSE any further. It brings 42,000 customers and about 826,000 subscribers to Verizon.Verizon completes Fleetmatics acquisition - Fleet OwnerVerizon completes acquisition of Fleetmatics - PR Newswire "
p8
aS'Fleetmatics Appoints Former Dell Executive John Molamphy as Vice President of ... PR Newswire  - Aug 4, 2015 DUBLIN and BOSTON, Aug. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Fleetmatics Group PLC , a leading global provider of mobile workforce solutions for service-based businesses of all sizes delivered as software-as-a-service , today announced the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Fleetmatics Group PLC: Accounting Shenanigans Are Inflating Its Financials ... Seeking Alpha - Sep 19, 2013 We believe shares of Fleetmatics Group PLC  are grossly overvalued, reflecting few, if any, of the serious risks that warrant questioning the credibility of the company's financial statements."
p10
a.