(lp0
S'FNB completes Yadkin deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 13, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Monday said it successfully completed its merger with Yadkin Financial Corp. on Saturday. At $1.4 billion, the transaction was the largest to date for F.N.FNB Corp. completes merger with Yadkin - Reading EagleFNB Corp  Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Yadkin Bank purchased by FNB Corp Jefferson Post - Jul 25, 2016 RALEIGH-Yadkin Bank was purchased last week by Pittsburgh-based FNB Corp., in a deal worth some $1.4 billion, according to a press release issued jointly by both companies.'
p2
aS'Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Hold Rating for FNB Corp  Chaffey Breeze - 13 hours ago F.N.B. Corp logo Royal Bank of Canada reissued their hold rating on shares of F.N.B. Corp  in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday.The Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for FNB Corp Cut by SunTrust Banks  - Petro Global News 24New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2186000 Position in FNB Corp  - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS"FNB Corp. buying Yadkin Financial in $1.4B deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Jul 21, 2016 One of Pittsburgh's biggest banks, F.N.B. Corp., is acquiring Yadkin Financial Corp. for $1.4 billion and entering North Carolina.Pittsburgh bank buying Raleigh's Yadkin Bank for $1.4B - News & Observer"
p4
aS'FNB Corporation and Yadkin Financial Corporation Shareholders Approve Merger ... PR Newswire  - Dec 9, 2016 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- F.N.B. Corporation  announced that the shareholders of both FNB and Yadkin Financial Corporation  adopted the necessary approvals to complete the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger&nbsp;...FNB and Yadkin shareholders approve deal - Pittsburgh Business Times'
p5
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, First Financial Bancorp ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/28/17, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd , First Financial Bancorp , and FNB Corp  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"FNB names leadership team for North and South Carolina markets Pittsburgh Business Times - Aug 25, 2016 F.N.B. Corp. on Thursday announced the leadership team for its new markets in the Carolinas, keeping much of the executive team of Yadkin Financial Corp.FNB names Yadkin Bank's Steven Jones to leadership role - News & Observer"
p7
aS"Is FNB Corp.  a Great Stock for Value Investors? Zacks.com - Feb 7, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p8
aS"Form 3 FNB CORP/PA/ For: Mar 13 Filed by: Custer Scott StreetInsider.com - Mar 14, 2017 Find out which companies are about to raise their dividend well before the news hits the Street with StreetInsider.com's Dividend Insider Elite."
p9
aS'FNB adds to finance leadership team, hires two from larger banks Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 9, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Thursday announced two key appointments to its finance leadership team, both hailing from larger banks. Jim Dutey joined F.N.'
p10
a.