(lp0
S'Team  Completes Furmanite Acquisition StreetInsider.com - Mar 1, 2016 Team, Inc.  announced the successful completion of its merger with Furmanite Corporation, . With the closing of the merger transaction, each issued and outstanding share of Furmanite common stock has been converted into the ...'
p1
aS'Furmanite Enters into Definitive Agreement to Sell FTS Division Business Wire  - Sep 25, 2015 HOUSTON----Furmanite Corporation   today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement under which Burrow Global, LLC  will acquire substantially all of the assets&nbsp;...Burrow Global, LLC, a Full-Service EPC Firm, Acquires Furmanite Technical ... - PR.com '
p2
aS'Furmanite Corporation Appoints Kathleen Cochran as Director Business Wire  - Jul 24, 2014 On behalf of the Board and management team, we are pleased to welcome Kathy to Furmanite, said Sangwoo Ahn, Presiding Non-executive Director and Chairman of the Board.'
p3
aS'Team and Furmanite Announce Approval of Merger by Stockholders of Both Companies GlobeNewswire  - Feb 25, 2016 SUGAR LAND, Texas and HOUSTON, Feb. 25, 2016  -- Team, Inc.   and Furmanite Corporation   today announced that stockholders of each of Team and Furmanite overwhelmingly&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Furmanite Corporation Acquires Self Leveling Machining Technology Business Wire  - Feb 28, 2011 DALLAS----Furmanite Corporation  today announced the expansion of its global on-site machining capabilities through the acquisition of Self Leveling Machines Pty Ltd.'
p5
aS'Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Furmanite Corporation  by Team, Inc ... Business Wire  - Nov 6, 2015 SAN DIEGO &amp; HOUSTON----Shareholder rights attorneys at Robbins Arroyo LLP are investigating the proposed acquisition of Furmanite Corp.  by Team, Inc. . On November 2, 2015, the two companies announced&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Mustang Capital Announces Proxy Contest at Furmanite Corporation PR Newswire  - Dec 4, 2014 HOUSTON, Dec. 4, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Mustang Capital Management, LLC , a significant stockholder of Furmanite Corporation  , with beneficial ownership&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Team  to Acquire Furmanite  in ~$355M Deal StreetInsider.com - Nov 2, 2015 Team  and Furmanite Corporation  announced that the Boards of Directors of both companies have unanimously approved a definitive merger agreement under which Team will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Furmanite in a&nbsp;...Houston-area midstream merger leads to CEO retirement - Houston Business JournalSugar Land company buys Furmanite in $335 million deal - Chron.com '
p8
aS"Chairman of embattled energy company steps down Houston Business Journal - Apr 24, 2015 Update: On April 27, the company postponed its annual meeting to May 7, a one-day extension of the previously announced postponement, to permit Furmanite stockholders to receive a full ten days' notice of the new meeting date."
p9
aS"Houston energy company settles proxy battle, considers selling itself Houston Business Journal - May 11, 2015 Houston-based Furmanite Corp. , an industrial plant and refinery services and parts company, and Houston-based Mustang Capital Management LLC reached an agreement to expand Furmanite's board just before its scheduled annual meeting&nbsp;..."
p10
a.