(lp0
S"First Security Group, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - Mar 14, 2017 Receive First Security Group, Inc. News &amp; Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Security Group, Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter."
p1
aS'NCS Advocates Introduction of IT Security Courses in Schools THISDAY Newspapers - Mar 19, 2017 Worried about the increasing rate of cyber attacks in the country, resulting in heavy financial losses on individuals and corporate organisations, the Information Technology Systems and Security Professionals , an interest group of the Nigeria ...'
p2
aS'Cyber security group NCC hit by profit warning Financial Times - Feb 22, 2017 Shares in the Manchester-based company dropped 19 per cent on Wednesday, after its announcement that problems in its cyber security division - which had already prompted one profit warning in December - would drag down full-year earnings.'
p3
aS'Exclusive: Tillerson plans to skip NATO meeting, visit Russia in April - sources Reuters - 5 hours ago Skipping the NATO meeting and visiting Moscow could risk feeding a perception that Trump may be putting U.S. dealings with big powers first, while leaving waiting those smaller nations that depend on Washington for security, two former U.S. officials ...'
p4
aS"Washington Week on Human Rights: March 20, 2017 Human Rights First  - 10 hours ago On Thursday, Human Rights First's President and CEO Elisa Massimino will testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee as part of these hearings, raising questions and concerns about Gorsuch's record on issues of national security as they relate to the ..."
p5
aS'Solution Providers Say Focus On Application, DevOps Security At All-Time High CRN - 13 hours ago Doug Cahill, senior analyst at Enterprise Strategy Group, said he sees a couple of factors driving the focus on application security. First, he said there is an increased use of Agile software development and DevOps, which is allowing for more ...'
p6
aS"Students test the elements and their limits The Kingston Whig-Standard - 6 hours ago A group of 40 Queen's University students spent 40 hours at Reticle Ventures Inc., based at the Brockville 1000 Islands Regional Tackaberry Airport, completing a series of tasks designed to help them develop high-performance team and resiliency skills ..."
p7
aS"Chinese private security companies go global Financial Times - Feb 26, 2017 Details of the operation last year, revealed here for the first time, point to the greater role being played by China's fledgling private security industry. Its growth ... About 3,200 Chinese employees of private security groups were based abroad last ..."
p8
aS"Japan, Russia hold first 'two-plus-two' talks since Crimea annexation The Japan Times - 23 hours ago Japan and Russia agreed Monday to closely cooperate on efforts to curb North Korea's nuclear provocations, holding their first ministerial talks on foreign policy and security since Moscow annexed Crimea in 2014. In the so-called two-plus-two dialogue ..."
p9
aS"Berkshire Hathaway adds professional liability, network security policy in Canada Business Insurance - 5 hours ago Boston-based Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, a unit of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., has introduced a professional liability and network security and privacy policy in Canada and named an executive to head the country's professional lines business ..."
p10
a.