(lp0
S'Fulton Financial Announces Pricing of $125 Million Senior Notes Offering Business Wire  - Mar 14, 2017 LANCASTER, Pa.----Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced the pricing of its public offering of $125 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.60% Senior Notes due 2022 .'
p1
aS"Most Active Stock Update: Fulton Financial Corporation  HugoPress - 15 hours ago Barclays Downgrades Fulton Financial Corporation 's stock to Underweight with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 12/06/16.Stock Price Fulton Financial Corporation  Compared to Index - Highland MirrorThe Fulton Financial Corp  Shares Sold by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial ... - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Fulton Financial Corporation is a multi-bank financial holding company. The Company provides a range of banking and financial services to businesses and consumers through its banking subsidiaries: Fulton Bank, N.A.'
p3
aS'William &quot;Smokey&quot; Glover joins Fulton Financial Corporation as Director of Fair ... Marketwired  - Oct 17, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation , announced today that William &quot;Smokey&quot; Glover, of Lancaster, PA, has been promoted to the position of Director of Fair and Responsible Banking.Fulton Financial names Glover director of fair and responsible banking - LancasterOnline'
p4
aS"Fulton Financial Corporation  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - 12 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Fulton Financial Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS"Fulton Financial Corporation Creates Fulton Forward; Announces Fulton Bank ... Marketwired  - Sep 22, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced the creation of Fulton Forward, the Corporation's initiative to further promote the building of vibrant communities through programs, products,&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Dr. Scott A. Snyder Appointed to Fulton Financial Corporation Board of Directors Marketwired  - Jul 19, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Scott A. Snyder, Ph.D., of Berwyn, PA, has been elected to the board of directors of Fulton Financial Corporation , effective July 18, 2016. Since 2011, Dr. Snyder has served as the ...'
p7
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation Names Weber as Director of Corporate Development Marketwired  - Oct 27, 2015 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced that Jason H. Weber, of Downingtown, PA, has been named director of corporate development.'
p8
aS'Fulton Financial CFO resigns Central Penn Business Journal - Dec 7, 2016 ... Corp. CFO Patrick Barrett is leaving for an executive position at another financial institution. ... Fulton COO and senior executive vice president Philmer Rohrbaugh is temporarily serving as CFO until the company appoints a new person for the ...'
p9
aS"Is It Time to go for Fulton Financial Corporation , Hancock Holding ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Fulton Financial Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at - in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;..."
p10
a.