(lp0
S'Five Star Senior Living Inc. : Analysts bet a 102.38 percent change in price Post Analyst - 19 hours ago Five Star Senior Living Inc.  traded at an unexpectedly high level on 03/17/2017 when the stock experienced a -4.55% loss to a closing price of $2.1.Traders Checklist Stock: Five Star Quality Care, Inc.  - Is storiesNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Five Star Quality Care, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS"Five Star Quality Care, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 ... Business Wire  - Mar 3, 2017 Five Star Senior Living Inc. is a senior living and healthcare services company. As of December 31, 2016, Five Star operated 283 senior living communities with 31,830 living units located in 32 states, including 215 communities (23,042 living units ...Five Star Quality Care's  CEO Bruce Mackey on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Five Star Senior Living Opens New Memory Care Neighborhood at The Gardens of ... Business Wire  - Nov 28, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced the addition of&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Five Star Senior Living Announces Short Term Rehab Neighborhood Addition at ... Business Wire  - Nov 29, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare service providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced the completion of a&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"American Health Care Association Recognizes Four Five Star Senior Living ... Business Wire  - Jul 13, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced that four&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"UPDATED: Senior Star Co-Founders Blast Five Star Directors, Call for Shakeup Senior Housing News - Nov 7, 2016 Shareholders William Thomas and Robert Thomas, co-founders of Oklahoma-based senior housing owner and operator Senior Star, have penned a lengthy public letter to other Five Star shareholders in which they blast Five Star's governance and call for ..."
p6
aS"Five Star Senior Living Has Seven Communities Compete in A Taste of Senior ... Business Wire  - Sep 30, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced that seven&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"How Five Star is Trying to Make Up for Lower Occupancy Senior Housing News - Nov 3, 2016 Facing occupancy challenges, Five Star Senior Living  is undertaking initiatives to drive revenue. These include expanding wellness and rehabilitation programs and decreasing the company's reliance on third-party referral sources that ...Ancillaries, initiatives help offset occupancy challenges at Five Star - McKnight's Senior Living"
p8
aS'Five Star Struggles with Occupancy, Targets Executive Director Retention Senior Housing News - Aug 4, 2016 Senior living occupancy dips are taking a toll on some owners and operators, including Massachusetts-based Five Star Quality Care, Inc. . Five Star is one of the largest providers in the country, operating 276 senior living communities ...'
p9
aS"Five Star to Provide Outpatient Therapy in Competitors' Communities Senior Housing News - Mar 6, 2017 As part of its efforts, the Newton, Massachusetts-based company is exploring providing outpatient rehabilitation at senior living communities operated by providers unaffiliated with Five Star. The overall six-point plan includes: internal expansions ...Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Lowers Its Price Target On Five Star ... - Market Exclusive"
p10
a.