(lp0
S"Here's Who Just Picked Up Green Dot Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 14, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Green Dot Corporation, along with its subsidiaries, is a pro-consumer financial technology innovator.Green Dot and Harvest Announce Advisory Arrangement - Business Wire Stock Returns: Green Dot Corporation  is Beating FirstCash Inc ... - CML News"
p1
aS'Green Dot To Buy RushCard For At Least $167 Million Forbes - Jan 31, 2017 Green Dot Corporation announced today that it has entered into an agreement to buy UniRush, LLC. UniRush is the company behind the popular RushCard prepaid debit card.Green Dot to Acquire UniRush, LLC, Operating Company for RushCard and Rapid ... - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Senators want answers from Green Dot, Wal-Mart after card outage Los Angeles Times - Jun 30, 2016 Two U.S. senators are demanding that Pasadena prepaid debit card issuer Green Dot Corp. answer questions about a glitch that last month stopped many of its customers from accessing their accounts, making purchases and withdrawing cash.'
p3
aS"Green Dot apologizes for card outage as CEO survives a bid to oust him Los Angeles Times - May 24, 2016 Steve Streit, chief executive of prepaid debit card issuer Green Dot Corp., survived a campaign to remove him from the company's board.Green Dot Announces Preliminary Results of 2016 Annual Meeting - Business Wire Green Dot's Longest-Serving Board Directors Resign - PYMNTS.com"
p4
aS"Green Dot  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 10, 2016 Please refer to the cautionary language in the earnings release and in Green Dot's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the most recent Form 10-K that we filed on February 29, 2016, for additional information concerning ..."
p5
aS'Green Dot Corporation  Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or ... Market Exclusive - Feb 28, 2017 On February 28, 2017 , Green Dot Corporation  announced the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement , dated&nbsp;...Green Dot Completes Acquisition of UniRush, LLC - Yahoo Finance'
p6
aS"Activist Investor's Concerns Over Green Dot Are Overblown Seeking Alpha - Apr 24, 2016 Green Dot is preparing to fend off calls from its largest shareholder to change board member composition. Harvest Capital is concerned over declines in Green Dot's stock price because of mismanagement. Hold Green Dot over the long term; the changes&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Get Some Green With Green Dot Seeking Alpha - May 10, 2016 Board of Directors and Management - Green Dot is led by CEO Steve Streit, who owns 8% of the company. He is also the founder and Chairman of the Board, which is one example of the corporate governance problems Harvest Capital believes plague the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Green Dot Corporation's  stock price is Worth at $33.10 while ends ... Hot Stocks Point - 19 hours ago Green Dot Corporation  ended its day with loss -0.42% and finalized at the price of $33.10. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.63 million shares.Stock Returns: Green Dot Corporation  is Beating OneMain Holdings ... - CML NewsSunTrust Robinson Humphrey Upgrades Green Dot Corporation to Buy - Money Flow Index & Trends"
p9
aS'Green Dot Atty Faces DQ Bid In Prepaid Card Fraud Suit Law360  - Jan 17, 2017 Law360, Houston  -- A proposed class of consumers suing Green Dot Corp. and the retailers that sold its reloadable prepaid cards for fraud told a federal judge in Texas Monday that it should disqualify the firm Tillotson ...'
p10
a.