(lp0
S'General Electric Company : Should Nelson Peltz Just Quit? Investorplace.com - 15 hours ago The recent news that Nelson Peltz was putting pressure on General Electric Company  CEO Jeffrey Immelt after missed a number of key performance benchmarks put a charge in GE stock, rising to a one-month high on the possible &nbsp;...'
p1
aS'EOD Risers: General Electric Company, Home Depot Inc, Intel Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - 17 hours ago Shares of General Electric Company ticker lookup code:  a global digital industrial company, increased 0.44% or 0.13 points by the close of business Friday.'
p2
aS"General Electric's Buyback Scorecard Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 GE sold its capital divestment plan as a way to buy back stock and replace the lost earnings growth. But this simply isn't the case despite enormous sums of money being spent."
p3
aS"Here's Why You Should Buy Honeywell, Sell General Electric Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 However, in a major hint of re-conglomeration, General Electric has inked a definitive agreement with Baker Hughes Incorporated BHI to merge its Oil &amp; Gas business with the latter.Machinery Stocks Under Scanner - General Electric, Honeywell, Danaher, and ABB Ltd - PR Newswire "
p4
aS'General Electric Is No Match for Emerson Electric Yahoo Finance - 12 hours ago While GE returned to steady dividend increases in the years following the Great Recession, its dividend growth has remained uneven.'
p5
aS"General Electric: Immelt's Blunders Spark Talk Of Breakup Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 General Electric's  extremely poor performance was spotlighted recently when Jeff Immelt's pay was cut by 35%.General Electric: What If It's Not Immelt? - Barron's General Electric Company  jumped most in four months after activist ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p6
aS"The Tide Could Be Turning For General Electric Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 General Electric  has been a drag on many a portfolio for the past one...two...ten years. The company's CEO has overstayed his due and his departure may point to a brighter future for GE. GE's divestiture of assets over the past few years has ...General Electric Company  Stock Needs Immelt to Step Down - Investorplace.comWhy to Keeping Eye on General Electric Company , Snap Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS'General Electric : Negative Sentiment Overdone - Barclays StreetInsider.com - 16 hours ago Barclays analyst, Scott Davis, reiterated his Overweight rating on shares of General Electric  after the company had a rough 2016.'
p8
aS"GE gets EU approval for LM Wind Power acquisition Seeking Alpha - 13 hours ago The European Commission clears General Electric's  planned $1.65B acquisition of Danish rotor blade maker LM Wind Power."
p9
aS'3 Terrible Reasons to Sell General Electric Company Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Even the best blue-chip stocks have drawbacks. Yes, even General Electric , a company that has served as the bedrock of the American economy and stock market for over a century.General Electric: The Path Of Least Resistance Is Downward - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.