(lp0
S'General Motors has been resurrected from the dead - literally. Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 General Motors has been resurrected from the dead - literally. The most recent breakthrough was the dividend, as the company has restored its payout to better than 4%. General Motors is not only a high-yielding stock, but it has lots of room for growth ...General Motors Is Undervalued - Yahoo FinanceJust the Facts on General Motors Company  - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS'General Motors Says It Will Rehire 500 Workers Targeted In Scheduled Layoffs Townhall - Mar 17, 2017 The assembly line here will only produce two models of cars, but said that it will bring back 500 to give the company flexibility to meet market demand :.General Motors to rehire nearly 900 workers in Michigan - PR Daily '
p2
aS"Peugeot Reaches Deal to Buy European Brands From General Motors Bloomberg - Mar 4, 2017 PSA Group and General Motors Co. are set to announce on Monday the purchase of the Opel brand by the French company, creating the region's second-largest automaker and allowing GM to exit the European market, according to people familiar with the&nbsp;...General Motors Opel/Vauxhall Sale Doesn't Excite Shareholders - BenzingaPeugeot buys Vauxhall and Opel from General Motors for 1.9bn: But what ... - Telegraph.co.uk"
p3
aS'Why Is General Motors Company  Rehiring 500 Michigan Workers? Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Bringing approximately 500 jobs back would give the company flexibility to meet market demand, it added. In addition, General Motors plans to create 220 jobs at a plant in Romulus, Michigan, where it is building 10-speed automatic transmissions ...General Motors will rehire 500 Michigan workers slated for layoffs - Economic TimesGeneral Motors: Plans on Rehiring Workers - Financialbuzz.com'
p4
aS'Auto Dividend Stock Showdown: General Motors Vs. Ford Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 While Ford made it through the recession, GM ended up declaring bankruptcy, and was eventually rescued by the U.S. government.Did General Motors Company  Discount Too Deeply? - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Market Perform on General ... - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS'General Motors lays off 1100 workers at a Michigan factory despite Trump ... Daily Mail - Mar 6, 2017 Employee Debbie Holbrook, center right, works on a Cadillac CTS on the production line at the General Motors Co.  Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan, U.S in October 2015.General Motors Company  to Cut 1100 Jobs at Michigan Plant - Market ExclusiveGM Layoffs: General Motors Company  to Cut 1100 Jobs in Michigan - Investorplace.com'
p6
aS'General Motors turns its back on long history in Europe Financial Times - Mar 6, 2017 General Motors is turning its back on its long history in Europe to return cash to shareholders, improve profitability, invest more in China and prepare for a future in which car companies transform themselves into mobility providers, General Motors ...'
p7
aS"Alan Knuckman's General Motors Options Trade Benzinga - Mar 6, 2017 Speaking on Bloomberg Markets, Alan Knuckman of Bulls-Eye Option revealed his bullish options strategy in General Motors Company . He said General Motors has a very low price to earnings ratio of 6 and that makes him believe the stock has a&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"CVS Health Corporation , General Motors Company  Stock Eyes Ahead of ... The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago Shares of CVS Health Corporation  dropped -0.85% to $78.88. During the trading on 03/17/2017, Company's stock ranged from $78.58 to $79.65. The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought  and oversold  areas."
p9
aS"France clears Opel of emissions cheating Seeking Alpha - 19 hours ago France's consumer fraud watchdog has closed its investigation into diesel emissions by Opel cars and will take no further action against the General Motors  brand. The DGCCRF investigation, part of a wider probe carried out in the wake of the&nbsp;..."
p10
a.