(lp0
S"Texas-based Stage Stores says it might bid for Gordmans stores Omaha World-Herald - 11 hours ago Houston-based retailer Stage Stores Inc. says it is seriously considering an offer for Gordmans to operate at least some of the stores and one warehouse on an ongoing basis, which would rescue at least part of the bankrupt Omaha retailer from liquidation.Jeff Gordman interested in bidding for bankrupt retailer with family's name - KETV Omaha"
p1
aS'Gordmans Stores Files for Bankruptcy With Plan to Liquidate Bloomberg - Mar 13, 2017 The shift has been especially rough on department stores, including regional chains like Gordmans that once enjoyed strong customer loyalty, but even national concerns like Sears Holdings Corp.Gordmans declares bankruptcy, will liquidate stores - Lincoln Journal StarGordmans files for bankruptcy protection, will liquidate inventory and assets - Omaha World-Herald'
p2
aS'Gordmans Stores to cut 600 jobs MarketWatch - Mar 16, 2017 Retailer Gordmans Stores Inc., which filed for bankruptcy on Monday, told state regulators it plans to lay off nearly 600 employees in Nebraska and Indiana.As Gordmans files bankruptcy, what will happen with the Louisville-area store? - Louisville Business First'
p3
aS'Gordmans Stores Is Said to Prepare for Bankruptcy Filing Bloomberg - Mar 6, 2017 Gordmans Stores Inc., a Midwestern department-store chain founded more than a century ago, is preparing to file for bankruptcy, according to people familiar with the matter.Sources say Gordmans preparing to file for bankruptcy - Belleville News-DemocratGordmans Stores, Inc.  recently sold by insider Evans Lisa - Post Analyst'
p4
aS'KEYC - Gordmans Stores, Inc. Files for Bankruptcy, Plans to Liquidate KEYC - Mar 13, 2017 In a statement, company CEO Andy Hall said, Until further notice, all Gordmans stores are operating as usual without interruption.Gordmans declares bankruptcy, closing all stores - KMOV.com - KMOV.comGordmans files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy - WOWT'
p5
aS"Timeline: Gordmans through the years Omaha World-Herald - Mar 8, 2017 1990: Jeff Gordman, Sam's great-grandson, joins Gordmans Stores Inc. 1992: Richman Gordman 1/2 Price Stores files for bankruptcy."
p6
aS"The Way Wall Street Experts See Gordmans Stores, Inc.  Post Analyst - 13 hours ago Gordmans Stores, Inc.  traded at an unexpectedly high level on 03/17/2017 when the stock experienced a -3.57% loss to a closing price of $0.07.Watch-list Stock of Traders: Gordmans Stores, Inc.'s  stock price is at ... - WsNews 4investorsOversold Stocks: Gordmans Stores, Inc. , Yingli Green Energy ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p7
aS'Gordmans, Gander Mountain File For Bankruptcy Inside INdiana Business - Mar 13, 2017 Two more national retailers with multiple locations in Indiana have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Nebraska-based Gordmans Stores Inc.  has a total eight Indiana locations and Minnesota-based Gander Mountain has nine.Gordmans, Gander Mountain file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy - WRTV Indianapolis'
p8
aS'Retail bankruptcy wave claims century-old Gordmans Stores Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 Century-old department store chain Gordmans Stores Inc filed for bankruptcy on Monday, the latest retailer to go bust as consumers increasingly turn to online shopping.'
p9
aS'Critical Chart Information For Gordmans Stores, Inc.  NY Stock News - Mar 17, 2017 The technicals for Gordmans Stores, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p10
a.