(lp0
S"Geopark Ltd  Reaches $6.76 52-Week High; Gatx 's Sentiment Is 1.11 HuronReport - Mar 13, 2017 Community Bank Of Raymore holds 7.92% of its portfolio in Mercator Transport Group Corp for 301,615 shares. Winslow Asset Management Inc owns 140,775 shares or 1.82% of their US portfolio."
p1
aS'Combination of Accelya and Mercator Completes, Creating a Leading Global ... RealWire  - 17 hours ago The combined group has a broadened product portfolio with complementary offerings including revenue accounting, revenue management, revenue assurance, cargo and shipping management, payment solutions, data analytics, cost management and commercial ...'
p2
aS'Innovative climate policies are driving the clean energy transition The Climate Group - 16 hours ago In this blog, Anne-Sophie Drnbrack, States &amp; Regions Policy Manager , The Climate Group, highlights the successes, opportunities and obstacles that these sub-national governments are facing.'
p3
aS'Warburg Pincus on verge of buying airline services group Accelya Financial Times - Feb 3, 2017 At the time of the acquisition, Joseph Schull, managing director at Warburg Pincus, said: We view it as an excellent platform to build a market-leading transport, travel and logistics business of scale. We look forward to building on the expertise of ...'
p4
aS'Warburg Pincus buys airline services group Accelya; Accelya, Mercator combine ... STAT Times  - Feb 6, 2017 Feb 06, 2017: Accelya, a leading provider of financial and commercial solutions to the airline industry, and Mercator, a global provider of product-enabled solutions to the travel and transportation industry, have announced their intention to combine ...Airline Services Leaders Accelya and Mercator Announce Merger - SkiftAccelya and Mercator to come together - Air Cargo News'
p5
aS'Mercator eyes growth from govt plans to invest in marine infra Moneycontrol.com - Jul 29, 2016 Shalabh Mittal, MD &amp; CEO, Mercator an interview to CNBC-TV18 while sharing his views on first quarter numbers and business outlook going forward said in the quarter gone by they managed to post growth in most segments, especially in the dredging and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Dramatic shake-up at Maersk sees transport and logistics unit go it alone The Loadstar - Sep 22, 2016 Today's announcement is the result of a three-month root-and-branch strategic and structural review of the company that followed a disastrous 88% decline in Maersk Group's second-quarter profit and the departure of group chief executive Nils Andersen ...Maersk to focus on transport and logistics - Freightweek"
p7
aS"Cities eating into world's farm lands SciDev.Net - Jan 16, 2017 ... for agriculture will possibly replace forests or other valuable ecosystems at relevant scales, says Felix Creutzig, head of the Land Use, Infrastructure and Transport Group at the Mercator Research Institute on Global Commons and Climate Change in ..."
p8
aS'Chinese investment in EU dwarfs flow the other way Financial Times - Jan 10, 2017 A report by Rhodium Group, a research firm, and the Mercator Institute for China Studies, a think-tank in Berlin, estimates that Chinese direct investment in the EU surged 76 per cent to 35.1bn in 2016.'
p9
aS"Before Cyrus Mistry took charge, companies run by his cousin Mehli gained 300 ... Economic Times - Dec 19, 2016 In 2005, Tata Power awarded a one-year shipping contract to Mercator Lines Ltd. Mercator's Singapore IPO filings states the Tata Power contract was in association with a Mehli Mistry company."
p10
a.