(lp0
S'Gray Television Reaches Long-Term Agreement With Dish PR Newswire  - Jan 18, 2017 ATLANTA, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Gray Television, Inc.  (NYSE: GTN and GTN.Gray TV and DISH Network reach deal - KBTX'
p1
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Gray Television Inc  CML News - 23 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Gray Television Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p2
aS"Gray Television Probably Has More Upside - But Risks Abound Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Valuing Gray Television  using traditional methods isn't an easy task. There are a lot of moving parts in GTN's numbers at the moment.Analyst Activity  Singular Research Raises Its Price Target On Gray ... - Market ExclusiveWhat's Happening To These Stocks?  TransEnterix, Inc. , Gray Television ... - Post Analyst"
p3
aS'Gray Television, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 Gray Television, Inc. is a television broadcast company. The Company owns and operates television stations and digital assets in markets across the United States.Gray Television  Catches Eye: Stock Adds 6.3% in Session - Yahoo FinanceGray Television, Inc.  EPS Predicted At $0.71 - Transcript Daily'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Entercom Communications Corp.  versus Gray Television ... CML News - 11 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Entercom Communications Corp.  versus Gray Television Inc  .'
p5
aS'Gray Television, Inc. Terms of Use Agreement KWQC-TV6 - Mar 6, 2017 This Terms of Use Agreement  has been updated to make it easier to read, to include new features, services and technology, and enhance several sections.'
p6
aS'Analyst Target Price &amp; Stock Review on Gray Television, Inc.  Shopify ... Davidson Register - 10 hours ago Gray Television, Inc.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.Gray Television, Inc.  Price Target Expected At $18 - Transcript Daily200-day MA Of Gray Television, Inc.  At $10.9363 - Equities Focus'
p7
aS'Gray TV Affiliate Buys 3 Alaska Stations TVSpy - Nov 9, 2016 Northern Lights Media, which is owned by Gray TV, has bought three Fairbanks, Alaska TV stations. NBC affiliate KTVF, CBS affiliate ... Northern Lights GM Andy McLeod said his company aims to improve content at the stations. This deal makes sense on a&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Does Gray Television Offer a Good Value Buying Opportunity? Nasdaq - Mar 8, 2017 Though Gray Television might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p9
aS"Zacks.com featured highlights: Gray Television, International Consolidated ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Chicago, IL - February 27, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article include Gray Television, Inc. , International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A."
p10
a.