(lp0
S'Guidewire Software Inc.  Has Jumped To A 3-Month High On Q2 Results Nasdaq - Mar 3, 2017  - Guidewire Software Inc.  reported second quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 after the bell Thursday, up from $0.24 a year ago.Guidewire Software Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'Guidewire: Can It Resume Its Upward Climb? Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Guidewire  reported the results of its fiscal Q2 that ended 1/31 a little earlier this month. The results for the quarter were better than prior consensus expectations, at least those that were published.Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance Company of Idaho Selects Guidewire Digital ... - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Hays Companies Leverages Guidewire Predictive Analytics Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 BUSINESS WIRE)--Hays Companies, one of the fastest growing, privately-held risk management, insurance, and employee benefits advisors in the country, and Guidewire Software , a provider of software products to the Property/Casualty (P/C ...Guidewire Software Inc  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeGuidewire Software Inc  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'Guidewire: Greenfield Opportunities Seeking Alpha - Jan 10, 2017 The company continues to successfully address one of the larger opportunities in the enterprise software universe and it has no real competition.'
p4
aS'Guidewire Software Inc  Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC The Cerbat Gem - 15 hours ago Guidewire Software logo Renaissance Technologies LLC lowered its position in Guidewire Software Inc  by 42.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.State Street Corp Increases Position in Guidewire Software Inc  - Chaffey BreezeCraig Conway Sold 600 Shares of Guidewire Software , Hersha Hospitality ... - Herald KS'
p5
aS"Guidewire to Acquire Insurance Cloud Software Firm ISCS for $160 Million Insurance Journal - Dec 20, 2016 Guidewire's software helps P/C insurers with their core operations, data and analytics and digital management. The company has more than 260 customers globally. Guidewire also offers some cloud-based products but ISCS has specialized in that area for&nbsp;...Guidewire to Acquire ISCS - Business Wire Guidewire Software, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market Exclusive"
p6
aS"Guidewire Software Inc: Biggest intraday pct gain in a year Times of India - Mar 3, 2017 Software maker's shares jump as much as 7.2 pct to $59.51; Biggest intraday pct gain in a year. ** Q2 revenue, profit beat estimates helped by an increase in customer demand, and a strong performance in the license segment."
p7
aS'Guidewire Software Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Guidewire Software Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 1.61% to close at $56.95. On the day, Guidewire Software Inc. saw 879,065 shares trade hands on 8,231 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 61329 Guidewire Software ... - The Cerbat GemGuidewire Software, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Guidewire to Acquire FirstBest Systems Business Wire  - Aug 4, 2016 FOSTER CITY, Calif. &amp; BEDFORD, Mass.----Guidewire Software, Inc. , a provider of software products to Property/Casualty  insurers, and FirstBest Systems, Inc., a provider of an underwriting management system to P/C&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Guidewire Software Inc : Earnings To Drop In The Year Ahead, Is It A ... Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 As per analysts covering Guidewire Software Inc  the earnings are expected to decrease -68.3% in the next 12 months.Stock Returns: BroadSoft Inc  is Beating Guidewire Software Inc ... - CML NewsBrokers Change Their Target Price On Guidewire Software, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.