(lp0
S"Traders Secrets on Great Plains Energy Incorporated , Voya Financial, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 14 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Great Plains Energy Incorporated  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.62 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;...Stock On the Run: Great Plains Energy Incorporated  - HugoPressStock Price Great Plains Energy Inc  Compared to Index - Highland Mirror"
p1
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Great Plains Energy Incorporated Implied ... CML News - 8 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Great Plains Energy Incorporated  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p2
aS"What investors have to know about Great Plains Energy Incorporated's  future? Simply Wall St - Mar 18, 2017 With 7.8% predicted earnings growth over the next year Great Plains Energy Incorporated 's business doesn't look like a fast grower.Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comGreat Plains Energy Incorporated : Analysts bet a 21.99 percent change in ... - Post Analyst"
p3
aS'Noteworthy Movers: Ocean Rig UDW LLC , Great Plains Energy ... TopChronicle - 15 hours ago Ocean Rig UDW LLC  inclined 0.42% in the last Trading session and closed at $0.8. ORIG stock has a market capitalization of $66.43 Million.'
p4
aS'Investor Update: Checking on Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Sherwood Daily - 14 hours ago Looking at shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated , the company has an EV  of 11018066. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p5
aS'Great Plains Energy Announces Offering of Senior Notes to Finance a Portion of ... Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 KANSAS CITY, Mo.----Great Plains Energy Incorporated   announced today the commencement of an underwritten public offering of its senior notes.Which insiders are selling Great Plains Energy Incorporated ? - Post AnalystWhy Investors remained confident on Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP ... - StockNewsJournal'
p6
aS"Great Plains Energy Announces Leadership Team of Combined Company Yahoo Finance - Dec 8, 2016 Great Plains Energy Incorporated , the parent company of Kansas City Power &amp; Light Company , today announced the executive officer team that will lead the combined company once Great Plains Energy's acquisition of Westar Energy, Inc."
p7
aS"Great Plains Energy  Announces Leadership of Post-Westar Energy Merger ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 8, 2016 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  announced the executive officer team that will lead the combined company once Great Plains Energy's acquisition of Westar Energy, Inc.  is complete in Spring 2017.Great Plains to bring eight Westar execs on board after sale - Topeka Capital Journal"
p8
aS'Great Plains Energy-Westar Merger Gets Nod from Shareholders  Yahoo Finance - Sep 29, 2016 Shareholders of Great Plains Energy Incorporated  and Westar Energy, Inc.  have approved the pending merger related proposals, thereby paving the way for the completion of the transaction in the spring of 2017.Great Plains Energy and Westar Energy Shareholders Approve Merger Related ... - Business Wire Great Plains Energy  Prices Common Stock, Depositary Shares Offerings - StreetInsider.com'
p9
aS"Active Volume Stock: Great Plains Energy Incorporated  HugoPress - Mar 16, 2017 UBS Initiates Coverage On Great Plains Energy Incorporated 's stock to Neutral with the price target of $28. This rating was issued on 1/05/17."
p10
a.