(lp0
S"Why Hain Celestial Group Inc Stock Dropped 11% in February Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of Hain Celestial Group  slid again last month after the company's accounting scandal widened."
p1
aS'What Lies Ahead for Hain Celestial Group Inc? Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 Chris Hill: Hain Celestial Group is the parent company of a bunch of different organic food brands. Shares are hitting their lowest point since 2013, because the company disclosed that the accounting practices at Hain Celestial are being investigated ...The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. : Analyst Rating Changes and PT Levels - Post Analyst'
p2
aS"Accounting Issues Aside, Hain Celestial Group Wasn't Built For Buy and Hold ... Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shareholders of Hain Celestial  have endured a stomach-churning year. In August, the company announced that it would have to delay filing its quarterly report, saying: &quot;The Company is currently evaluating whether the revenue associated&nbsp;...Hain Celestial Announces Executive Appointments - PR Newswire Hain Celestial: Taming The Tension While We Wait For Financials - And Perhaps ... - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Hain Celestial Group Inc. Stock Down  10% on  Filing Delay Motley Fool - Feb 13, 2017 Shares of natural and organic packaged foods producer Hain Celestial Group Inc.  are down 10.4% at 1:14 p.m. EST on Feb.13 following a late-Friday Securities and Exchange Commission filing.Hain Celestial shares fall after it discloses SEC investigation - CNBCHain Celestial Quietly Drops A Bomb - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: The Hain Celestial Group Inc Implied ... CML News - 8 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that The Hain Celestial Group Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.Hain Celestial Group Inc  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemThe Hain Celestial Group Inc  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS'Hain Celestial to Feature 75 Exciting New Natural Products at Expo West 2017 PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., March 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.  today announced over 75 new products that will be featured at Natural Products Expo West, produced by New Hope Network, starting on March 10th.'
p6
aS'Future Consumer partners with Hain Celestial Group Times of India - Feb 28, 2017 &quot;Our partnership with Hain Celestial will help us provide Indian consumers with the best of natural and organic products.Hain Celestial Receives Lender Waiver And Extension Of Credit Facility - PR Newswire Which insiders are selling The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. ? - Post Analyst'
p7
aS'Hain Celestial Receives Expected Notice of Nasdaq Non-Compliance Due to ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Feb. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. , a leading organic and natural products company with operations in North America, Europe and India providing consumers with A Healthier Way of Life,&nbsp;...Hynes Keller &amp; Hernandez, LLC Announces Investigation of The Hain Celestial ... - Yahoo FinanceHain Celestial Group Inc  Lowered to Hold at Argus - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS"Ella's Kitchen Named One of The Sunday Times' Best Companies To Work For PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Leading baby and toddler food company, Ella's Kitchen, has been named No."
p9
aS"Susquehanna sees franchise strength at Hain Celestial Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Susquehanna analyst Pablo Zuanic tackles Hain Celestial  ahead of the company's appearance tomorrow at a trade event in Los Angeles."
p10
a.