(lp0
S'BRIEF-Harvard Bioscience Inc files for non-timely 10-K Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 BRIEF-Camping World Holdings unit entered into first amendment to credit agreement, dated as of Nov. 8, 2016. * Camping World Holdings Inc - unit entered into a first amendment to credit agreement, dated as of November 8, 2016&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Harvard Bioscience's Recent Acquisitions Make A Difference, Initiate With Buy ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 13, 2016 Recent acquisitions have made HBIO a leader in the electrophysiology segment of the scientific equipment market. In addition, cost savings and site consolidations should help fuel high double-digit adjusted EPS growth in FY:16."
p2
aS"Harvard Bioscience's  CEO Jeffrey Duchemin on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Welcome to the Q4 2016 Harvard Bioscience Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ally and I will be your operator for today's call.Earnings Reaction History: Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Post Earnings Price ... - Post Analyst"
p3
aS'Harvard Bioscience Acquires Multi Channel Systems MCS GmbH and Triangle ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 1, 2014 HOLLISTON, Mass., Oct. 1, 2014  -- Harvard Bioscience, Inc. , a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of a broad range of solutions to advance life science, has acquired two privately held life science companies:&nbsp;...Harvard Biosciences spends $11M on two acquisitions - Boston Business Journal '
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Harvard Bioscience Inc  is Beating Fluidigm ... CML News - Feb 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fluidigm Corporation  versus Harvard Bioscience Inc  .'
p5
aS'Graziano retires as head of Harvard Bioscience, interim CEO named Boston Business Journal  - May 15, 2013 Chane Graziano, CEO and director of Harvard Bioscience Inc.  in Holliston, Mass., has retired after 17 years in the position.'
p6
aS"Top Bear Trend Inside Spotlight: Harvard Bioscience, Inc.'s  stock price ... WsNews 4investors - 17 hours ago Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  stock price distance from twenty day simple moving average slumped at -6.19% while its distance from fifty day simple moving average declined -9.49% along with -5.71% below distance from two hundred simple moving&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Company Watch: Focusing on Shares of Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Lenox Ledger - 8 hours ago Interested investors may be tracking the Magic Formula  on shares of Harvard Bioscience, Inc. .'
p8
aS"OSU spinoff Nanofiber back-burners IP fight with Harvard Bioscience Business First of Columbus  - Jan 7, 2014 The surgeon, Dr. Paolo Macchiarini, used the model trachea made by Nanofiber, and stem cells were seeded in the device in a bioreactor by Harvard Bioscience Inc.  - a Harvard University spinoff that fully credited its Columbus partner's ..."
p9
aS'Where Do Analysts See This Stock Going: Harvard Bioscience, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Analysts on the sell-side are offering a consensus Buy rating on shares of Harvard Bioscience, Inc. .'
p10
a.