(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Horizon Bancorp  versus Live Oak Bancshares Inc ... CML News - 11 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Horizon Bancorp  versus Live Oak Bancshares Inc  .Horizon Bancorp  has been upgraded to Hold in a statement by ... - Breaking Finance News'
p1
aS'Horizon Bancorp   Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Horizon Bancorp   traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.68% to close at $26.57. On the day, Horizon Bancorp  saw 118,276 shares trade hands on 739 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'4 Reasons to Buy Horizon Bancorp  Stock Right Now Nasdaq - Dec 30, 2016 Shares of Horizon Bancorp HBNC surged over 50% year to date, significantly outpacing the 35.3% gain for the Zacks categorized Northeast Banks industry.'
p3
aS'What are Brokerage Firms Saying About Horizon Bancorp  ? Aiken Advocate - 4 hours ago Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company.'
p4
aS'Horizon Bancorp  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Sports Perspectives - 1 hour ago Horizon Bancorp logo Horizon Bancorp  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued on Monday.'
p5
aS'Pl Capital, Llc. Picked Up Horizon Bancorp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Feb 17, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Horizon Bancorp is a bank holding company. The Company provides a range of banking services in Northwestern and Central Indiana and Southwestern Michigan through its bank subsidiary, Horizon Bank, N.A.Insider Trading at Horizon Bancorp ? - BBNS'
p6
aS'Horizon Bancorp Announces Closing of LaPorte Bancorp, Inc. Merger Business Wire  - Jul 18, 2016 MICHIGAN CITY, Ind.----Horizon Bancorp  , the parent of Horizon Bank, N.A.,  today announced the completion of the acquisition of LaPorte Bancorp, Inc.  and its&nbsp;...Horizon Bank buys LaPorte Savings, will close four offices - nwitimes.com'
p7
aS'Horizon Bancorp aquires LaPorte Bancorp Inc. South Bend Tribune - Jul 20, 2016 ... October when the systems integration process will be complete. At that time, customer accounts will automatically change to Horizon accounts with no action required on the part of the customer. All account numbers and information will remain unchanged.'
p8
aS'Horizon Bancorp and LaPorte Bancorp, Inc. Announce the Signing of a Merger ... Business Wire  - Mar 11, 2016 MICHIGAN CITY, Ind. &amp; LA PORTE, Ind.----Horizon Bancorp  and LaPorte Bancorp, Inc. , today announced they have executed a definitive merger agreement (the Merger&nbsp;...Horizon Bank buying LaPorte Savings Bank - nwitimes.comHorizon Bank, LaPorte Savings agree to merger - South Bend Tribune'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Financial Institutions Inc  versus Horizon Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Financial Institutions Inc  versus Horizon Bancorp  .'
p10
a.