(lp0
S'Latest Stocks: Marathon Petroleum Corporation  Shares Sold by the ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 14, 2017 Henderson Group PLC reduced its position in Marathon Petroleum Corporation  by 9.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p1
aS"Henderson Group Plc 16.1% Potential Upside Indicated by JP Morgan Cazenove DirectorsTalk Interviews - Feb 10, 2017 Henderson Group Plc using EPIC/TICKER code LON:HGG has had its stock rating noted as 'Reiterates' with the recommendation being set at 'NEUTRAL' this morning by analysts at JP Morgan Cazenove.Henderson Group Plc  Insider Andrew Formica Buys 600000 Shares - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Janus to Be Acquired by UK Fund Giant Henderson Group Wall Street Journal - Oct 3, 2016 U.K.-based Henderson Group PLC agreed to pay 2.01 billion  in an all-share deal for Janus and said the purchase will help expand its global audience.Fund manager Henderson Group plc in US$6 billion merger  Shares set to soar - Motley Fool Australia'
p3
aS"Henderson's CEO Targets Pension Clients as Retail Money Flees Bloomberg - Feb 9, 2017 Henderson Group Plc, the asset manager merging with Janus Capital Group Inc., said the combined firm will target institutional money for growth after retail investors exited in the aftermath of the Brexit vote and Donald Trump's presidential election ...Is Henderson Group plc good value at this share price? - Motley Fool AustraliaHenderson Group FY16 Pre-tax Profit Down 17%; Lifts Dividend - Quick Facts - Nasdaq"
p4
aS'Janus-Henderson Sees US Fund Growth Outstrip Other Markets Bloomberg - Oct 13, 2016 Henderson Group Plc and Janus Capital Group Inc. expect the largest growth in their combined funds management business will come from the U.S.'
p5
aS'How Analysts See Henderson Group plc  Perform In The Year Ahead? Simply Wall St - Nov 3, 2016 How is Henderson Group going to perform in the future? Investors in Henderson Group have been patiently waiting for the uptick in earnings and if you believe the 9 analysts covering the stock then the next 3 years will be very interesting.'
p6
aS'Shares in View: Henderson Group PLC  Piedmont Register - 23 hours ago Henderson Group PLC  currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of 78.76. Active investors may choose to use this technical indicator as a stock evaluation tool.'
p7
aS"The Henderson Group Plc's  Buy Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Petro Global News 24 - Mar 16, 2017 Shore Capital reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Henderson Group Plc  in a research report released on Monday.Henderson Group Plc  Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital - Chaffey BreezeHenderson Group Plc  Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital - The Cerbat Gem"
p8
aS'Henderson Group Plc  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by Analysts Sports Perspectives - Mar 7, 2017 Henderson Group Plc logo Henderson Group Plc  has been assigned an average recommendation of Hold from the fourteen brokerages that are covering the company.'
p9
aS'Henderson Group PLC reiterated as Neutral By JP Morgan Cazenove Fiscal Standard - Mar 9, 2017 In an analyst rating update on Thursday shares of Henderson Group PLC  had their rating reiterated by analysts at JP Morgan Cazenove.The Henderson Group Plc  Insider Andrew Formica Buys 68 Shares - DailyQuint'
p10
a.