(lp0
S'Watching the Levels for Hollywood Media Corp.  Baxter Review - Feb 22, 2017 Hollywood Media Corp.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of -0.05173. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p1
aS"Bluecrest Quintuples its Stake at Hollywood Media Corporation  Tech Insider - May 14, 2014 Michael Platt and William Reeves' Bluecrest Capital Management has filed a 13G form with the SEC, declaring an increase in its position at Hollywood Media Corporation . The fund now owns about 2.85 million shares, which account for&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Hollywood Media Corp  Needle Moving 8.33% Buckeye Business Review - 10 hours ago Hollywood Media Corp  shares are moving today on volatility 8.33% or $0.06 from the open. The OTC listed company saw a recent bid of 0.7800 and 44810 shares have traded hands in the session.'
p3
aS"All For One Media Corp. retains top Hollywood casting agency Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 MOUNT KISCO, N.Y., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- All For One Media Corp.,  has retained the services of Bullock &amp; Snow Casting as casting directors for the company's upcoming musical dramedy, Crazy For The Boys."
p4
aS"Ghostbusters backlash highlights ongoing sexism in Hollywood ABC Online - Jun 29, 2016 An all-female reboot of Ghostbusters hits theatres next month amid a savage backlash by internet trolls that has thrown the spotlight back onto Hollywood's gender discrimination problem. The film's first trailer has become the most reviled in YouTube ..."
p5
aS'Hollywood being let off the hook by the media is one of the most worrying ... The Irish Sun - Mar 17, 2017 Only a few months ago Lord Of The Rings star Elijah Wood said he knew for a fact that there was a sophisticated paedophile ring operating in Hollywood. I saw it on page 12 of one paper. The unwillingness of the entire media landscape to report and ...'
p6
aS"Mediaite's Hiring of Nikki Finke Sparks Legal Threat from Deadline Hollywood ... Hollywood Reporter - Nov 17, 2016 &quot;We appear to have fundamentally different views about the news media, journalists and our political leaders up to and including the President himself, all of whom the Penske Media Corporation seems to view as 'entertainers,'&quot; wrote Floyd Abrams,&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"From social media blackouts to celeb tweets, Hollywood salutes International ... Los Angeles Times - Mar 8, 2017 Trump's budget, announced Thursday morning, revealed plans to eliminated funding for 19 agencies, including the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corp. for Public Broadcasting. Sesame Street, a&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Huayi Brothers eyes Hollywood as Chinese moviemakers expand CNBC - Apr 26, 2016 ... set its sights on the massive movie-going market in China but filmmakers in the world's second-largest economy are stepping up efforts to carve a niche in the U.S."
p9
aS'Variety To Host First-Ever Conference On Diversity And Inclusion In Hollywood PR Newswire  - Sep 26, 2016 ... Facebook facebook.com/variety; Twitter, @variety; Instagram, @Variety; Pintrest and Snapchat. The Variety Group - Variety, Variety.'
p10
a.