(lp0
S'Cover story: Are emerging markets the next wildcard investment? Fund Strategy - Apr 20, 2016 Famously Warren Buffett once said that when it comes to investing be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.'
p1
aS'Pacific Investments launches new offering in commercial foreign exchange FX-MM - Apr 30, 2012 Digby is joined on the advisory board by Sir John Beckwith and Jim Pettigrew, the former CFO of ICAP plc and currently a non-executive director of Aberdeen Asset Management and Hermes. Argentex offers a distinct and innovative ... Pacific Investments ...'
p2
aS'Royal Mail rivals DPD and Hermes step up parcel delivery competition Financial Times - Feb 8, 2016 The expansion illustrates the large investments pouring into infrastructure in the parcel industry as shoppers shift en masse to ecommerce.'
p3
aS'National Grid to sell 61% of gas business to Sino-Australian group Financial Times - Dec 8, 2016 Allianz Capital Partners, UK asset manager Hermes Investment Management and the Qatar Investment Authority are also part of the consortium, along with Amber Infrastructure and Dalmore Capital, two UK fund managers.Clifford Chance and Linklaters advise on 13.8bn National Grid purchase - The Lawyer '
p4
aS"Fund profile: Hermes Global Emerging Markets Money Observer - Sep 11, 2015 This has much to do with the expertise of Gary Greenberg, who has managed the fund since its inception and who brings over 20 years' experience of investing in emerging markets to the portfolio. Greenberg also adds a sustainable edge to the fund, as he&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Fund managers explain why European stocks deserve another look FE Trustnet - Feb 29, 2016 While the outlook for European markets continues to be clouded by elections in key economies over the course of 2017, some are urging investors to take a closer look at the opportunities available.'
p6
aS'Next generation of star fund managers: six names tipped to shine Money Observer - Dec 19, 2016 Interactive Investor is 21 years old. To celebrate, our top journalists and the great and the good of the City have written a series of articles discussing some of the changes in the investment world over the past 21 years, and what the future might ...'
p7
aS"What the dawn of 'Trumponomics' means for investors Money Observer - Dec 1, 2016 For example, property vehicles such as real estate investment trusts  have been an attractive investment for yield-starved investors in an environment of ultra-low rates."
p8
aS'Asset managers face pressure over bonuses Financial Times - Sep 11, 2016 Asset managers have been behind a push against excessive pay packages at a number of big companies this year, contributing to shareholder revolts at Goldman Sachs, the investment bank, WPP, the advertising group, Deutsche Bank and BP, the energy&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Should you be selling Aberdeen Emerging Markets Equity? FE Trustnet - Jul 17, 2015 The once poster boy of the sector has underperformed and been hit by a substantial outflows since its soft closure in March 2013. FE Trustnet asks the experts whether existing investors should also head for the exit.'
p10
a.