(lp0
S'Facing soft chocolate sales, Hershey Co. appoints chief growth officer Philly.com - Mar 13, 2017 Bolstering efforts to diversify, the Hershey Co. appointed Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief growth officer.The Hershey Company Announces Mary Beth West As Chief Growth Officer - VendingMarketWatchUS: Hershey Appoints New Chief Growth Officer - Namnews'
p1
aS"Hershey Co. adding jobs at Virginia factory Central Penn Business Journal - Mar 16, 2017 The Hershey Co. plans to make a multi-million dollar investment in new machinery at a factory in Virginia, creating 69 new jobs.Hershey Company announces nearly 70 new jobs in Stuarts Draft - WHSVMore jobs headed to Draft's Hershey plant - Staunton News Leader"
p2
aS"Hershey Co. to launch new Reese's product Central Penn Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 The move also seems to fit in with the new growth strategy announced earlier this month by new Hershey Co. CEO Michele Buck.Hershey's unveils new Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, ending the #Cupspiracy - PennLive.comHershey's new Reese's Cup 'crushes it!' - Lebanon Daily News"
p3
aS'Form 4 HERSHEY CO For: Mar 16 Filed by: Idrovo Javier H StreetInsider.com - Feb 24, 2017 Get instant alerts when news breaks on your stocks. Claim your 2-week free trial to StreetInsider Premium here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.'
p4
aS'Hershey Co. Appoints Mary West as Chief Growth Officer Powder Bulk Solids - Mar 13, 2017 An executive from J.C. Penney Company Inc., Mary Beth West, was named by incoming Hershey Company chief executive officer Michelle Buck as senior vice president and Chief Growth Officer, the Hershey, PA company announced Monday.'
p5
aS'Hershey Co. to lay off 15 percent of international workforce PennLive.com - Feb 28, 2017 The Derry Township-based chocolate company announced its plans ahead of a company-sponsored investor conference in New York on March 1. The layoffs are part of a larger program the company has named the &quot;Margin for Growth,&quot; which the company&nbsp;...Hershey to retrench its international business, warns of low sales growth - Philly.comHershey restructuring could cut 15 percent of workforce - Chicago Tribune'
p6
aS"The Hershey Company: Don't Bet On The China Market For Growth Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2017 One company we've been keeping an eye on in the last couple of years is The Hershey Company . Following a slowdown in sales in its key North American market, the confectionary giant looked overseas for growth.Analyst Upgrades  Hershey Company   Stock Gets Upgraded By ... - Market ExclusiveAnalyst's Ratings Review: Hershey Co  - Post Registrar"
p7
aS"Hershey Co. new CEO could earn $7M in salary, incentives LancasterOnline - Feb 24, 2017 The Hershey Co.'s new president and chief executive officer will earn a seven-figure base salary and be eligible for a pair of seven-figure incentives, lifting her potential total compensation above $7 million.Incoming Hershey Co. CEO Names Executive Leadership Team - Powder Bulk SolidsBuck names executive team at Hershey - Central Penn Business Journal"
p8
aS"BRIEF-Hershey Co appoints Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Hershey Company Expands Stuarts Draft, Virginia, Operations Center Area Development Online - Mar 15, 2017 The Hershey Company's most recent production expansion at its operation in Augusta County is a tremendous testament to the Commonwealth's competitive business climate, infrastructure and dedicated workforce, said Governor Terry McAuliffe."
p10
a.