(lp0
S'The Huron Consulting Group  Position Cut by Fmr LLC Petro Global News 24 - 14 hours ago Fmr LLC decreased its position in Huron Consulting Group  by 2.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Successful Earnings Option Trading: Huron Consulting Group Inc  - CML NewsHuron Consulting Group Inc.  Reports Consolidated EPS Of $0.1964 - Equities Focus'
p1
aS"Huron Consulting Group Acquires HSM Consulting: 6 Things to Know HIT Consultant - Jul 27, 2016 As part of the acquisition, more than 100 experienced HSM consultants will join Huron, with David Devine, HSM's chief executive officer, joining as a managing director.Huron Consulting Group to Acquire HSM Consulting, Expanding Healthcare ... - Business Wire Huron Consulting buys Health Services Management to bolster EHR and health IT ... - Healthcare IT News"
p2
aS'Huron Consulting Group  Names John D. Kelly as EVP and CFO StreetInsider.com - Jan 6, 2017 Global professional services firm Huron  today announced Gordon J. Mountford will step down as leader of the healthcare practice, and John D. Kelly has been promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.'
p3
aS'Huron Consulting Group buys Oracle specialist ADI Strategies Consultancy.uk - Apr 29, 2016 Huron Consulting Group has acquired ADI Strategies, a US based Oracle specialist with a focus on enterprise performance management, risk management, and business intelligence.'
p4
aS"Huron Consulting is rebranding to reflect firm's evolution Chicago Business Journal - Sep 13, 2016 It reflects Huron's culture of partnership and collaboration, and connotes the entrepreneurial spirit that exists across Huron's business. Huron also has refreshed its website with cleaner design and improved navigation to spotlight the firm's products ...Huron Introduces New Brand Strategy to Highlight Firm's Identity and Evolution - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Huron Consulting Group  Acquires Pope Woodhead &amp; Associates StreetInsider.com - Jan 9, 2017 Global professional services firm Huron  today announced that it has expanded its life sciences strategy expertise with the acquisition of Pope Woodhead &amp; Associates.'
p6
aS"Huron Consulting Group's  CEO James Roth on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Huron Consulting Group's Webcast to discuss financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016.Huron Consulting Group Inc.  Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance - Chaffey BreezeHuron Consulting misses 4Q profit forecasts - Yahoo Finance"
p7
aS'BRIEF-Huron Consulting Group sees FY16 adj earnings per share $3.21 from ... Reuters - Feb 17, 2017 ... * Copper recovers from biggest weekly fall since Dec * Workers at Cerro Verde began indefinite strike on Friday * Euro rises to one-month high vs dollar  By Manolo Serapio Jr MANILA, March 13 ...'
p8
aS'Huron Consulting Group Announces Intent to Acquire ADI Strategies Business Wire  - Apr 26, 2016 CHICAGO----Huron Consulting Group Inc. , a leading provider of business consulting services, today announced its intent to acquire the U.S.'
p9
aS'Huron Consulting Group seeks to acquire HSM Consulting Consultancy.uk - Aug 4, 2016 Huron Consulting Group is seeking to acquire Massachusetts-based HSM Consulting for an undisclosed sum. The deal would provide Huron with expanded capabilities in the healthcare digitalisation space; the combined entity, able to provide almost all EHR&nbsp;...'
p10
a.