(lp0
S'Currency Headwinds a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 18, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  continues to be an attractive trading platform for funds and smaller investors, growing its active accounts and equity once again in the fourth quarter of 2016.Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.   Stock Valuation - ValueWalkWhy Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. stock is subdued - FX Daily Report'
p1
aS'Stock Alert: Interactive Brokers Group Inc Price Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Interactive Brokers Group Inc  has seen its stock price move at an extreme low level.'
p2
aS"Why You Shouldn't Panic Over Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s Down Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 20, 2016 As I highlighted in my earnings preview for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. , the company has done a great job of attracting new customers and capital to the electronic brokerage business so far in 2016.Interactive Brokers Group's  CEO Thomas Peterffy on Q2 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Interactive Brokers adds IBot voice recognition on TWS for desktop FinanceFeeds  - Mar 19, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  continues to push into the world of artificial intelligence, as exhibited by the rapid development of the capabilities of IBot, a language interface to trading that can be used by traders utilizing the TWS ...'
p4
aS"Here's what to watch when Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. reports earnings on ... Motley Fool - Jul 13, 2016 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s  move to service a broader swath of the investment community has come with some strange side effects for the business."
p5
aS"Slow Trading Is a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 21, 2016 Investors aren't trading in the volume they once were in today's relatively calm market and that's hurting both Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s  brokerage and market-making businesses. The slowdown will likely be a temporary calm until&nbsp;...The Best Broker for Dividend Investors: Interactive Brokers  - ValueWalk"
p6
aS"Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  At $36.17 Forms Top, Davide Leone ... Herald KS - 15 hours ago Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  formed multiple top with $37.98 target or 5.00% above today's $36.17 share price.An End-of-Day Technical Review: Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR ... - Post AnalystReliable stocks in today's share market: Interactive Brokers Group, Inc ... - The News Journal"
p7
aS'Interactive Brokers Group Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 1.17% to close at $36.35.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardBasic Consolidated EPS Of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  At $10 ... - Equities Focus'
p8
aS'Interactive Brokers Group Set Up for a Strong 2016 Motley Fool - Apr 15, 2016 The monthly update Interactive Brokers Group  gives investors shows that it continued its steady account growth in the first quarter.'
p9
aS'Interactive Brokers to Stop Options Market-Making Activities Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. IBKR , one of the largest market makers and multi-asset retail brokers, has decided to discontinue its options market-making activities globally.A Deep Dive Into Interactive Brokers Decision To Cease Market Making Operations - BenzingaInteractive Brokers Group Announces Decision to Cease Options Market Making ... - Yahoo Finance'
p10
a.