(lp0
S"Stock With Upside &amp; Dividend Yield: Yintech Investment Holdings Limited  Aiken Advocate - 4 hours ago EPS enables the earnings of a company to easily be compared to their competitors. The higher the number, the more profit per dollar is being made on investor capital. Yintech Investment Holdings Limited's EPS for the trailing 12 months is 1.59. Their ..."
p1
aS'Lifestyle International Holdings Ltd  Momentum Rising With Positive ... Business Review - 14 hours ago One ratio we can look at is the Return on Invested Capital or more commonly referred to as ROIC. Lifestyle International Holdings Ltd  has a current ROIC of 6.80. ROIC is calculated by dividing Net Income - Dividends by Total Capital Invested.'
p2
aS'Watching the Levels on Shares of WNS  Ltd.  The Herald - 5 hours ago Investors may be focusing on current ROIC  data for WNS  Ltd. .'
p3
aS'K Wah International Holdings Ltd  Stock Gaining Upward Momentum Business Review - 13 hours ago One ratio we can look at is the Return on Invested Capital or more commonly referred to as ROIC. K Wah International Holdings Ltd  has a current ROIC of 7.18. ROIC is calculated by dividing Net Income - Dividends by Total Capital Invested.'
p4
aS'Heineken Holding NV  Tailwind Lifting Shares Higher Business Review - 9 hours ago One ratio we can look at is the Return on Invested Capital or more commonly referred to as ROIC. ENN Energy Holdings Ltd  has a current ROIC of 11.16. ROIC is calculated by dividing Net Income - Dividends by Total Capital Invested.'
p5
aS'Concord Medical Services Holdings Ltd  Relative Strength Hits Key Level Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 Checking on current RSI levels on shares of Concord Medical Services Holdings Ltd , the 14-day RSI is currently standing at 71.94, pushing the stock into overbought territory.'
p6
aS"Ackman's Investors Won't Get Their Yachts Bloomberg - Mar 16, 2017 The fees charged by Ackman's fund, Pershing Square Capital Management, have been slightly lower than the norm: a 1.5 percent annual management fee and performance fees that have ranged up to 16 percent, depending on the fund."
p7
aS'Woolworths Holdings Ltd  Tailwind Lifting Shares Higher Business Review - 7 hours ago Woolworths Holdings Ltd  have climbed higher in consecutive sessions revealing positive upward momentum over the past week.'
p8
aS'Samantha Roady Sold $122711 Worth of Gain Capital Holdings  Stock ... HuronReport - 16 hours ago Schwab Charles Investment Management reported 0% of its portfolio in Gain Capital Holdings Inc . Cornercap Counsel holds 81,980 shares.'
p9
aS'Gain Capital Holdings  Reaches $8.12 After 3.00% Up Move, Owens Corning ... HuronReport - Mar 13, 2017 It worsened, as 13 investors sold Gain Capital Holdings Inc shares while 27 reduced holdings. 12 funds opened positions while 30 raised stakes.The Gain Capital Holdings Inc  Releases Earnings Results, Misses ... - Petro Global News 24Gain Capital Holdings Inc  Upgraded at TheStreet - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.