(lp0
S'International Enexco Acquired by Denison Mines Corp. Marketwired  - Jun 9, 2014 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - International Enexco Ltd.   is pleased to announce that the previously disclosed acquisition of the Company&nbsp;...Denison Mines  Closes Transaction with International Enexco - StreetInsider.com '
p1
aS'Denison to buy International Enexco for uranium assets, spin off copper The Globe and Mail - Mar 20, 2014 International Enexco Ltd.  is to be split up, with its uranium assets going to Denison Mines Corp. and its copper assets being added to a new company with projects in Nevada and Alaska.'
p2
aS'Mining News: Full Metal offers Pyramid to CopperBank Petroleum News - Jun 27, 2014 The formation of CopperBank will result from a three-way arrangement in which Full Metal offers up its Pyramid copper project in Alaska, International Enexco Ltd. delivers its Contact copper project in Nevada, and Choice Gold Corp. will serve as the ...'
p3
aS"David Cates: Welcome to The Uranium Supercycle Palisade Research   - Feb 22, 2017 As Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cates played a key role in the Company's mergers and acquisitions activities - leading the acquisition of Rockgate Capital Corp."
p4
aS"Athabasca Basin and beyond Resource Clips - Jun 15, 2014 Its takeover by Denison complete, International Enexco delisted on June 10. Expansionist Denison ... A spinco gets Enexco's U.S. non-uranium properties including the Contact copper project, which approaches pre-feasibility in Nevada. The transaction ..."
p5
aS"GoviEx and Denison Successfully Complete Transaction to Combine African ... MarketWatch - Jun 13, 2016 As Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cates played a key role in the company's mergers and acquisitions activities - leading Denison's acquisition of Rockgate Capital Corp."
p6
aS"Skyharbour Secures Option to Acquire 100% of Moore Lake Uranium Project From ... Marketwired  - Jul 14, 2016 As CFO, Mr. Cates played a key role in the Company's mergers and acquisitions activities - leading the acquisition of Rockgate Capital Corp."
p7
aS'CRISIL ratings for Indian debt instruments-Nov 21 Reuters - Nov 21, 2013 Of Banbury Packing Credit CRISIL A4+ 100 Reaffirmed Impex Pvt Ltd) Consul Consolidated Pvt Ltd BG CRISIL A3+ 30 Suspended Consul Consolidated Pvt Ltd Bill Purchase CRISIL A3+ 50 Suspended Discounting Fac Consul Consolidated Pvt Ltd LOC ... 5 Assigned ...'
p8
aS'4 Uranium Penny Stocks to Buy TheStreet.com - Dec 1, 2010 Denison Mines  is gaining on Thursday after announcing it had signed a letter of intent to acquire the uranium assets of Vancouver-based International Enexco Limited . Keris Alison Lahiff. Mar 20, 2014 11:28 AM EDT. 3 Under-$10 Stocks Rising&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'BEUMER Group to Demonstrate High-efficiency Baggage Handling at Dubai Airport ... AviationPros.com - May 5, 2015 The BEUMER Group is an international leader in the manufacture of intralogistics systems for conveying, loading, palletising, packaging, sortation and distribution.'
p10
a.