(lp0
S'Insider Trading Activity International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc (NYSE:IFF ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 On 2/19/2013 Nicolas Mirzayantz, Insider, sold 1,370 with an average share price of $73.83 per share and the total transaction amounting to $101,147.10.International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc Risk Points versus Materials - CML NewsInternational Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  Major Shareholder Winder ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  Moving Higher Over Past Week Business Review - 14 hours ago International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  shares are showing positive momentum over the past week as the stock has clocked in consecutive positive sessions over that time.'
p2
aS"Buy or Sell International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc.  Portola ... Davidson Register - 10 hours ago Equity Research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc. .Insider Buying: International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  Major Shareholder ... - Chaffey BreezeReliable stocks in today's share market: International Flavors &amp; Fragrances ... - The News Journal"
p3
aS'International Flavors And Fragrances Inc Earnings Climb 16% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017  - International Flavors And Fragrances Inc  revealed a profit for its fourth quarter that climbed compared to the same period last year.'
p4
aS'Price Alert: International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  Stock Nears ... CML News - 13 hours ago Price Alert: International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p5
aS"International Flavors &amp; Fragrances stock jumps asUBS upgrades to buy MarketWatch - Feb 23, 2017 International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc. shares IFF, +2.45% rose 2.5% Thursday, after UBS upgraded the stock to buy from neutral and reiterated their view that the stock is a high quality laggard for 2017.Stock Rating Update on the Shares of: International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc ... - Post RegistrarTrader's Buzzers: International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc. , Motorola ... - TRA"
p6
aS'International Flavors &amp; Fragrances: Growth Will Continue Seeking Alpha - Nov 22, 2016 Last January, I suggested that Street analysts had become excessively cautious on International Flavors &amp; Fragrances .'
p7
aS"CFO Switch-Up At International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Benzinga - Oct 12, 2016 The CFO departure at International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  surprised Deutsche Bank as the outgoing Alison Cornell had been with the company only for a little over a year.International Flavors Completes Acquisition of David Michael - NasdaqIFF appoints Richard O'Leary as CFO - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'International Flavors &amp; Fragrances  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 8, 2016 Now, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call.International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Cuts Profit Projection for Year - Wall Street JournalIFF Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results - Business Wire '
p9
aS'International Flavors &amp; Fragrances: Long-Term Trends Point To Long-Term Gains Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 There certainly is a lot to like about International Flavors &amp; Fragrances . A market-leading position, expanding margins, and favorable tailwinds make this a firm favorite of ours right now.'
p10
a.