(lp0
S'Information Services Group To Announce Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 ... PR Newswire  - Feb 6, 2017 STAMFORD, Conn., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Information Services Group, Inc.  , a leading technology insights, market intelligence and advisory services company, confirmed today that it will release its fourth quarter and full year ...'
p1
aS'Information Services Group, Inc.  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research ... Sports Perspectives - 36 minutes ago Information Services Group logo Information Services Group, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued on Monday.'
p2
aS'Information Services Group Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Information Services Group Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.93% to close at $3.24.Information Services Group, Inc.  Stock Price Target At $5.55 - Enterprise Leader'
p3
aS'Information Services Group  Announces Transformational Merger with ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 1, 2016 Information Services Group, Inc.   today announced the acquisition of Alsbridge Holdings, Inc. , a U.S.'
p4
aS'Technical Review on Shares of Information Services Group Inc  Davidson Register - 12 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for Information Services Group Inc  is currently sitting at 0.1. The ATR basically measures the ...'
p5
aS'ISG Recognized for Role in Establishing ZF Tech Center PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 BANGALORE, India, March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Information Services Group  , a leading global technology research and advisory firm, said today its client, ZF Friedrichshafen AG, a leading automotive supplier in driveline and ...'
p6
aS'Traders Take Note: Information Services Group Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - 13 hours ago Take Note: Information Services Group Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Information Services Group Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year Financial ... PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 STAMFORD, Conn., March 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Information Services Group  , a leading global technology research and advisory firm, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 ...'
p8
aS'Stamford-based Information Services Group acquires Texas firm The Advocate - Dec 2, 2016 STAMFORD - Technology research and advisory firm Information Services Group announced Thursday the approximately $74 million acquisition of rival Alsbridge, an Addison, Texas-based technology advisory firm.Information Services Group  Mergers &amp; Acquisitions Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaAddison-based Alsbridge acquired for $74 million - Dallas Business Journal'
p9
aS'ISG To Showcase Digital, RPA Leadership at SSON Event PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 STAMFORD, Conn., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Information Services Group  , a leading global technology research and advisory firm, will showcase its thought leadership and client successes in digital transformation and robotic&nbsp;...'
p10
a.