(lp0
S"Ingram Micro's Vertical Blueprints Simplify Success for Channel Partners Marketwired  - Mar 15, 2017 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Inc. today announced its Vertical Live Expo is interacting with more than 2,200 channel partners across the United States and recently launched four new Technology Solution Blueprints proven to&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Ingram Micro , HNA Group Announce Completion of Merger StreetInsider.com - Dec 6, 2016 Ingram Micro Inc.  and HNA Group announced that they have completed the previously announced transaction, under which Tianjin Tianhai Investment Company, Ltd.HNA seals $6b deal for Ingram Micro - China DailyIngram Micro's $6 billion merger closes - OCRegister"
p2
aS'Ingram Micro Announces Extension of End Date of Merger Agreement With Tianjin ... Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2016 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Inc.  today announced that the End Date by which the acquisition of Ingram Micro by Tianjin Tianhai Investment Company, Ltd.'
p3
aS"Tianjin Tianhai Delays Stockholder Vote on Ingram Micro Deal Wall Street Journal - Jul 20, 2016 The Shanghai Stock Exchange asked for more details about Tianjin Tianhai Investment Co. Ltd's pending $6 billion acquisition of Ingram Micro Inc., causing the Chinese buyer to delay a shareholder meeting to approve the deal. The exchange on July 15 ..."
p4
aS"Ingram Micro Welcomes 1600+ to Buffalo, NY for Annual Sales Kickoff and ... Marketwired  - Jan 31, 2017 BUFFALO, NY-- - This week Ingram Micro Inc. is hosting its annual U.S. Sales Kickoff and President's Club event at the Buffalo Convention Center and Hyatt Regency in downtown Buffalo, N.Y."
p5
aS"Ingram Micro to Serve as a Key Dell EMC Distribution Partner Marketwired  - Feb 9, 2017 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Inc. today announced it was named a key 2017 Dell EMC Distribution Partner in the U.S.. The expanded relationship builds on Ingram Micro's current relationship with Dell EMC and enables it to sell&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"DragonWave's shares surge on distribution deal with Ingram Micro Australia Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Mar 14, 2017 Shares in DragonWave Inc.  have surged more than 71% today after the Canadian telecom company said it has signed a deal with Ingram Micro Australia. The Ottawa-based wireless broadband component supplier's share price jumped&nbsp;...DragonWave Inc.: DragonWave Announces Distribution Partnership with Ingram ... - The Wall Street TranscriptDragonWave  Signs Distribution Partnership with Ingram Micro Australia - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS'Ingram Micro To Submit $6 Billion Tianjin Tianhai Deal for CFIUS Review Wall Street Journal  - Jul 21, 2016 Technology distributor Ingram Micro Inc., on Thursday said it would submit its pending $6 billion acquisition by Chinese shipping company Tianjin Tianhai Investment Co.Ingram Sale Hits Bump - Orange County Business Journal'
p8
aS'Ingram Micro and HNA Group Announce Completion of Acquisition Yahoo Finance - Dec 6, 2016 Ingram Micro Inc.  and HNA Group today announced that they have completed the previously announced transaction, under which Tianjin Tianhai Investment Company, Ltd.'
p9
aS'Ingram Micro Earns Aruba Authorized Training Center Status Marketwired  - Dec 30, 2016 IRVINE, CA-- - Ingram Micro Inc. today announced it has expanded its relationship with Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise company, to become an Aruba Authorized Training Center.'
p10
a.