(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Benchmark Co. Reiterates Buy on Internap Corp  Market Exclusive - Mar 12, 2017 Today, Benchmark Co. reiterated its Buy rating on Internap Corp  with a price target of $5.00. There are 1 hold rating, 4 buy ratings on the stock.'
p1
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Internap Corp  Stock Gets Upgraded By Stifel ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Today, Internap Corp  stock received an upgrade by Stifel Nicolaus from Hold to Buy with a price target of $5.50.'
p2
aS"Here's Why Internap Corp  Shares Are Rising 23% Today Smarter Analyst - Feb 22, 2017 Internap Corp  investors cheer the news that the company has raised $43 million in a common equity private placement.Avenir Corp Picked Up Internap Corp  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive Internap Corp  Updates On Common Equity Private Placement - Journal Transcript"
p3
aS"Guess Who Just Picked Up Internap Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 1, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Internap Corp  reported that O'connor Global Multi-strategy Alpha Master Ltd.Stock Returns: Internap Corporation  versus Synacor Inc  - CML NewsInternap Corp to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of  Per Share, DA Davidson ... - Community Financial News"
p4
aS'Following the Average True Range Indicator for Internap Corp  Davidson Register - 13 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Internap Corp  has a 14-day ATR of 0.22. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in order to ...'
p5
aS'Internap Corp  Climbing The Ladder 7 Straight Sessions Business Review - 8 hours ago Internap Corp  has ended in the black for consecutive sessions, indicating strong upward momentum. In taking a look at recent performance, we can see that shares have moved 14.61% over the past week, 99.44% over the past 4-weeks, 101.71% over&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Benchmark Co. Reiterates Buy Rating for Internap Corp  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 12, 2017 Internap Corp logo Internap Corp 's stock had its buy rating reiterated by analysts at Benchmark Co."
p7
aS'Internap Corp  Lifted to Buy at Stifel Nicolaus Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Internap Corp logo Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of Internap Corp  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Friday, StockTargetPrices.Revenue Approximations Analysis: Globalstar, Inc. , Internap Corp.  - StockNewsJournalThe Internap Corp  Upgraded to Buy at Stifel Nicolaus - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS'Internap Corp  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Chaffey Breeze - Mar 7, 2017 Internap Corp logo Internap Corp  will release its earnings data after the market closes on Thursday, March 9th.Internap Corp  Earns Buy Rating from Benchmark Co. - The Cerbat GemStock under Analysis: Internap Corporation  - StandardOracle'
p9
aS'The Internap Corp  Lifted to Buy at Stifel Nicolaus Petro Global News 24 - Mar 17, 2017 Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of Internap Corp  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Friday, StockTargetPrices.Internap Corp  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy from Analysts - Chaffey BreezeZacks Rank on Internap Corporation  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland Mirror'
p10
a.