(lp0
S'Interphase Corporation Ceases All Operations; Files Voluntary Chapter 7 Petition Business Wire  - Sep 30, 2015 CARROLLTON, Texas----Interphase Corporation  , a diversified information and communications technology company, today announced it has ceased operations and commenced&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Interphase Corporation Enters Into Manufacturing Agreement With VirTex ... Business Wire  - Aug 28, 2015 CARROLLTON, Texas----Interphase Corporation  , a diversified information and communications technology company, today announced that it entered into a manufacturing agreement with&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Interphase Corp  Files Chapter 7 Bankruptcy StreetInsider.com - Oct 1, 2015 Interphase Corporation  today announced it has ceased operations and commenced bankruptcy proceedings  by filing a voluntary petition for relief under provisions of Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the United States&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Interphase Corp. to consolidate DFW operations Dallas Business Journal - Oct 2, 2013 Plano-based Interphase Corp.  plans to consolidate its operations, including its headquarters in Carrollton. The communications technology company signed a lease for 43,374 square feet of office and manufacturing space at International&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Austin circuit board maker eyes big growth in wake of outsourcing deal Austin Business Journal  - Sep 9, 2015 VirTex Enterprises LP executives are projecting a 10 percent boost in revenue from a multiyear outsourcing deal with a North Texas company.'
p5
aS"Interphase's Penveu interactive display system highlights its strengths  Engadget - Apr 19, 2012 If you've ever been on the receiving end of &quot;death by PowerPoint,&quot; you'll know just how tiresome a passive presentation can be."
p6
aS'How to Profit from Daily Top Gainers/Losers  Small Cap Network - Aug 3, 2011 Small cap stocks such as Interphase Corporation , Vringo Inc , Radian Group, Insmed Incorporated , and Openwave Systems  that are top gainers and top losers offer quick&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Wazco Announces Industry's First Multi-Sector LTE MetroCell Business Wire  - May 16, 2011 AMSTERDAM----Today at the LTE World Summit 2011, Wazco LLC in conjunction with Interphase Corporation , AirHop Communications, and DataSoft Corporation - acknowledged leaders in advanced, heterogeneous LTE&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Soquel marine sonar company joins Garmin family Santa Cruz Sentinel - Feb 18, 2012 SOQUEL - Interphase Technologies, a small designer and manufacturer of marine sonar products, has signed an agreement to be acquired by Garmin LTD, the Swiss manufacturer of navigation products.'
p9
aS'Retired Plano superintendent throws support behind newcomer for school board Dallas Morning News  - Mar 14, 2013 Solomon, 48, is currently vice president for Interphase Corporation as well as an inventor and general manager of penveu, a subsidiary of Interphase that markets interactive technology products.'
p10
a.