(lp0
S"Is Management Really to Blame for Intel Corporation's Woes? Motley Fool - 10 hours ago Last May, fellow Fool Ashraf Eassa argued that it was time to replace Krzanich, due to Intel's disastrous mobile strategy, its delayed transition from 14nm to 10nm chips, and the stock's lackluster performance."
p1
aS"Intel's Answer To AMD's Naples Seeking Alpha - 1 hour ago Intel  had indicated, back at its Investor Meeting, that Skylake architecture would replace its Broadwell class Xeons in the data center."
p2
aS'Intel Corporation: Mobileye Buy Is a Step in the Right Direction Investorplace.com - 14 hours ago The latest merger between Mobileye  and Intel  had Wall Street buzzing last week. While MBLY shot up 28% after it was announced that the company will be bought out for $63.54 a share, INTC stock fell 2% and closed below its&nbsp;...Intel: Is A Dividend Raise Still Coming? - Seeking AlphaIntel Corporation  Closes 0.45% Up on the Day for March 20 - Equities.com'
p3
aS'Trade of the Day: Intel Corporation  Stock Programmed for a Leg Up Investorplace.com - 17 hours ago Intel Corporation  - This designer and manufacturer of digital technology platforms was last reviewed by me on Nov. 16 when I recommended it as a buy under $35 with a trading target at $40.'
p4
aS"Intel Corporation Is Losing Focus Motley Fool - Mar 15, 2017 To be clear: Intel is an extremely well-funded company and has room to spend lavishly while still maintaining robust profits.Will Intel Corporation Eventually Build Mobileye's Chips In-House? - Madison.comIntel And Mobileye: Desperation For Growth Or Strategic Masterstroke? - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'EOD Risers: General Electric Company, Home Depot Inc, Intel Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - 17 hours ago Shares of Intel Corporation ticker lookup code:  a company engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms, gained 0.37% or 0.13 points by the close of business Friday.'
p6
aS"Intel's Deal For Mobileye Doesn't Look Good Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2017 On March 13th Intel  announced it was purchasing automated driving technology company Mobileye  for $15.3B or $63.54 per share."
p7
aS"Is Intel Corporation Taking Graphics More Seriously Now? Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 At Intel, he's now director of product architecture within the company's Visual and Parallel Computing Group .Better Buy: Qualcomm Inc. vs. Intel Corporation - Bloomington PantagraphHow Intel Corporation's Execution Issues Have Helped Qualcomm, Inc. - Madison.com"
p8
aS"Intel Corporation's Three Paths to Double-Digit Data-Center Growth Motley Fool - Mar 15, 2017 The company says that it reduced its long-term forecast for a couple of reasons. Firstly, it significantly lowered its expectations around the enterprise-server processor market."
p9
aS'Jefferies Downgrades Intel Corporation For Chasing New Markets ValueWalk - Mar 14, 2017 Is Intel losing its edge in the data center market? In a surprising development, the chip maker is acquiring Israeli tech company Mobileye, which makes camera sensors and software for driverless cars. The chip maker is set to shell out more than $15 ...Intel Under Selling Pressure After Mobileye Deal - BenzingaAn Accident Prevention System For Intel - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.