(lp0
S'Considering Earnings Growth, Is The Market Undervaluing The Interpublic Group ... Simply Wall St - Mar 18, 2017 The Interpublic Group of Companies Inc  stock appears to be trading at a sweet spot when we compare its PE ratio with the industry average.Interpublic Group of Companies Inc  Short Interest Update - Chaffey BreezeStock On the Run: The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p1
aS"The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - 12 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p2
aS'Equity in Review: The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  Rives Journal - 15 hours ago The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  currently has an FCF quality score of 4.614496. The free quality score helps gauge the stability of free cash flow.'
p3
aS'The Technical Charts For The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  Say It ... NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p4
aS"MoSys Inc.  Reaches $2.44 After 9.00% Up Move; Interpublic Group ... Herald KS - 10 hours ago Interpublic Group Companies  had an increase of 0.24% in short interest. IPG's SI was 12.91M shares in March as released by FINRA.Burning Stock on the move: The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  - HugoPressTraders Recap: Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  , REGENXBIO Inc ... - NYSE Journal "
p5
aS'Why Is Interpublic  Up 4.1% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  IPG . Shares have added about 4.1% in that time frame, outperforming the market.'
p6
aS"Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 27, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.18 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalInvestor's Alert: The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  - TopChronicle"
p7
aS'The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  Technical Resistance and Key ... USA Commerce Daily - 10 hours ago With all other things going on, The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 2.74 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Interpublic ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 The Wall Street Journal disclosed that the U.S. Department of Justice was investigating IPG, alleging that the Company may have steered commercial production business to their in-house production units over independent companies through false inflations.'
p9
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Group 1 Automotive, Sinclair Broadcast Group and ... Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/27/17, Group 1 Automotive, Inc. , Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , and Interpublic Group of Companies Inc.  will all trade ex-dividend for ...'
p10
a.