(lp0
S"Intrepid Potash: Huge Secondary Offering Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Intrepid Potash  last night announced that it intends on having a secondary offering before the end of March. Disclosure: Back in December, Intrepid's shares rallied strongly and since I had been very fortunate to buy its shares at ...Two Eye-Catching Stocks: Intrepid Potash, Inc. , Voya Financial, Inc ... - TopChronicleIntrepid Potash Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS'Intrepid Potash: Still Undervalued But Not For Long Now Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 I have been bullish on Intrepid Potash  for a while now, and although the stock is up 100% since I wrote about it 3 and half months ago, I still think there is at least 35% upside potential.Intrepid Potash  PT Raised to $2 at UBS on Positive Ag Sentiment - StreetInsider.comIntrepid Potash Announces Date for Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings ... - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Intrepid Potash: Betting On Joc! Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 The premise of that piece had been that as a result of various internal and external factors, Intrepid Potash  had become a distressed situation.'
p3
aS"Intrepid Potash Just Removed Its Biggest Bankruptcy Risk Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 In a previous article, we discussed that Mr. Market was pricing Intrepid Potash  for bankruptcy, but that a bankruptcy didn't make sense given the profit potential of the company's solar evaporation mines, its insider purchases, and its ..."
p4
aS"Technical Roundup on Agricultural Chemicals Stocks -- Intrepid Potash ... PR Newswire  - 18 hours ago Denver, Colorado-based Intrepid Potash Inc.'s shares recorded a trading volume of 2.76 million shares last Friday, which was above their three months average volume of 1.80 million shares."
p5
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Intrepid Potash Inc Realized Volatility Hits An ... CML News - 11 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Intrepid Potash Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at an unsually high level.'
p6
aS"Why Intrepid Potash Stock Dropped 19% on Wednesday Motley Fool - Dec 28, 2016 The most obvious conclusion is that someone has heard something that suggests that Intrepid Potash will not in fact sell itself for a price justifying the 14% gain in share price that followed the company's Dec. 15 announcement."
p7
aS"Intrepid Potash Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 &quot;2016 was a transitional year for Intrepid, as we streamlined our business to focus on lower-cost solar potash and our specialty Trio  product and revised our debt instruments to better support our current operations,&quot; said Intrepid`s Executive ...Intrepid Potash's  CEO Bob Jornayvaz on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaShares of Intrepid Potash, Inc  Climbs 0.45% - Energy Index"
p8
aS'Intrepid Potash Inc: Drops on upsized stock offering Times of India - Mar 16, 2017 Intrepid Potash shares down 10 pct to 4-month low premarket after co prices its upsized follow-on. ** Potash producer offers 43.5 mln shares for gross raise of approx $52.3 mln to partially repay outstanding senior note debt and for general corp purposes.'
p9
aS"Intrepid Potash, Inc.  Regains its Footing The Oracle Dispatch - Dec 9, 2016 Intrepid Potash, Inc.  There's simply not another company like Intrepid Potash, Inc. , which is a key player in America's agricultural industry."
p10
a.