(lp0
S"Inland Real Estate to be acquired in $2.3 billion deal Crain's Chicago Business - Dec 15, 2015 Inland Real Estate Corp. agreed to be bought in a deal worth about $2.3 billion. Oak Brook-based Inland, a public company, will become a privately held real estate investment trust after the acquisition by funds advised by DRA Advisors, an investment ...Inland Real Estate Corporation  to be Acquired by DRA in $2.3B Deal - StreetInsider.comInland Real Estate to Be Bought for $1.07 Billion in Cash - Bloomberg"
p1
aS'Funds Managed by DRA Advisors LLC Complete Acquisition of Inland Real Estate ... Business Wire  - Mar 30, 2016 OAK BROOK, Ill.----Inland Real Estate Corporation   today announced that funds managed by DRA Advisors LLC  have completed their acquisition  of the Company, which going&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'DRA Advisors completes acquisition of Inland Real Estate Chicago Daily Herald - Mar 31, 2016 OAK BROOK -- New York-based investment firm DRA Advisors has completed the acquisition of Inland Real Estate Corp for approximately $2.3 billion.Inland Real Estate Corporation is Now IRC Retail Centers - Business Wire '
p3
aS'Inland Real Estate Corporation changes name to IRC Retail Centers REjournals.com - Apr 1, 2016 Inland Real Estate Corporation announced the firm has rebranded and is now IRC Retail Centers Inc. The name change coincides with the acquisition of Inland Real Estate Corporation by funds managed by DRA Advisors LLC. The newly launched IRC Retail&nbsp;...DRA Advisors Completes Merger with Inland - Commercial Property Executive'
p4
aS'Stocks With Monthly Dividends 2014: Inland Real Estate Corporation Motley Fool - Oct 29, 2014 As I mentioned, Inland Real Estate is an REIT that specializes in shopping centers. As of this writing, the company has 135 properties worth about $2.9 billion with a total of about 15 million square feet of leasable space.'
p5
aS'Inland Real Estate Corporation Stockholders Approve Acquisition by Funds ... Business Wire  - Mar 23, 2016 OAK BROOK, Ill.----Inland Real Estate Corporation   announced that its common stockholders approved at a special meeting held today, the merger between the Company and Midwest Retail&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Inland Real Estate Corporation Pays March and Declares Conditional April Cash ... Business Wire  - Mar 17, 2016 OAK BROOK, Ill.----Inland Real Estate Corporation   announced that today it paid a cash distribution of $0.0475 per share on the outstanding shares of its common stock to common stockholders of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. Purchases Four Medical Office Properties Yahoo Finance - 14 hours ago Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. announced today that it facilitated the acquisitions of four medical office buildings, located in North Carolina, Texas and Utah, for a combined total of nearly 119,000 square feet of commercial real estate ...'
p8
aS'Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation eliminates transaction fees on its ... InvestmentNews - Aug 9, 2016 In a move that could save investors millions of dollars, Inland Real Estate Investment Corp. said on Tuesday it was eliminating all real estate-related transaction fees for its current and future nontraded real estate investment trusts.'
p9
aS"Inland Real Estate Corporation Acquires Shopping Center in Chicago Metro Area Business Wire  - Oct 6, 2014 OAK BROOK, Ill.----Inland Real Estate Corporation , a leading real estate investment trust that owns and operates high quality, necessity and value-based retail centers in select markets primarily within the Central United ...Inland Real Estate pays $25 million for Frankfort shopping center - Crain's Chicago Business"
p10
a.