(lp0
S"Ishaan Real Estate may delist from AIM, sell property interests Livemint - Feb 22, 2013 Bangalore : Ishaan Real Estate Plc, which trades on London's Alternate Investment Market , plans to sell its property interests to Chalet Hotels Pvt.K Raheja to buy out AIM-listed associate firm Ishaan's stake in Indian realty ... - VC Circle"
p1
aS"K Raheja Corp amends $107M deal for buying AIM-listed firm's realty assets, to ... VC Circle - May 1, 2013 K Raheja Corp Group, which is buying out the entire stake held by London's AIM-listed group associate firm Ishaan Real Estate Plc in various real estate properties in India, for around 70.3 million , has amended the agreement to allow ..."
p2
aS"Financing Real Estate in India Livemint - May 10, 2007 It's a huge figure we are looking at US$ 90 billion. That's what Merrill Lynch forecasts that the Indian realty sector will grow to by 2015."
p3
aS'A great opportunity for asset reconstruction funds in real estate Livemint - Sep 2, 2008 Unitech is quoting there at 50% of its issue price, Hiranandani  at about 52% of its issue price and Raheja  is quoting at 80% of its issue price. All of them have lost money and ...'
p4
aS'Chitale, an A-lister in accounting world The Indian Express - Mar 16, 2015 He also serves as independent director on the boards of the National Securities Clearing Corporation Limited, Asset Reconstruction Company , Ambuja Cements Ltd, Hinduja Global Solutions Ltd, Hinduja Ventures and Ishaan Real Estate Plc.'
p5
aS"Buyers and sellers: the property game goes digital Information Age - Sep 21, 2016 The whole point of a digital transformation is to improve operational efficiency and customer satisfaction. Speed in delivering services is a crucial factor behind 'going digital', and the incorporation of technology into the daily routines or products ..."
p6
aS'EU referendum letter: 1280 business leaders sign letter backing Remain The Independent - Jun 22, 2016 ... Stephen P. McGill CBE, Group President, Aon plc; Ross Bailey, Founder and CEO, Appear Here; Leah Hutcheon, CEO, Appointedd; David Harris, Managing Director, ArgoGlobal; Paul Green, Technical and Marketing Director, Arkessa; Peter Girtz-Carlsen ...'
p7
aS"How far will mortgage robo-advice go? Mortgage Strategy - Sep 14, 2016 Trussle founder Ishaan Malhi's experience of applying for a mortgage was similarly shambolic. I was working as a mortgages and real estate analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, so I was very familiar with all the mortgage terminology, he says."
p8
aS"HSBC to close private banking operations in India VCCircle - Nov 27, 2015 HSBC Holdings Plc is all set to shut down private banking business in India, becoming the third foreign private bank to close operations in the world's fastest growing major economy."
p9
aS'Micro-lender Ujjivan raises $96M from CX Partners, CDC, NewQuest, Bajaj &amp; others VC Circle - Mar 20, 2015 Power &middot; Transportation &middot; Construction &middot; Urban Infra &middot; Cleantech &middot; Real Estate ... BY Ishaan Gera. Bangalore-based Ujjivan Financial Services Pvt Ltd, one of the top-tier microfinance institutions in the country, has raised Rs 600 crore ($96 million ...'
p10
a.