(lp0
S"Better Buy: Intuitive Surgical, Inc. vs. Accuray Incorporated Motley Fool - Feb 13, 2017 Intuitive Surgical gained its fame via its da Vinci robotic surgical system. The system has been widely adapted for gynecological and prostate operations worldwide.Intuitive Surgical's Quarter in 6 Metrics - Fox BusinessBaron Funds' Fifth Avenue Growth Fund Comments on Intuitive Surgical - GuruFocus.com"
p1
aS"7 Impressive Numbers for Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Motley Fool - Jan 13, 2017 Intuitive Surgical  CEO Gary Guthart had a good story to tell at this year's J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference.Intuitive Surgical Announces Preliminary Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - GlobeNewswire Intuitive Surgical's 4Q16 Preliminary Results: Higher Revenues? - Market Realist"
p2
aS"3 Reasons Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Stock Could Rise Motley Fool - Jan 23, 2017 Investors in robotic surgery pioneer Intuitive Surgical  had a nice 2016. The company's stock rose by more than 15% during the year, which was a strong enough performance to outpace both the S&amp;P 500 and the iShares U.S.Canaccord On Intuitive Surgical Following Earnings: 'Stay Buyers' - BenzingaIntuitive Surgical Announces Fourth Quarter Earnings and a $2.0 Billion ... - GlobeNewswire "
p3
aS'Better Buy: Intuitive Surgical, Inc. vs. Accuray Motley Fool - Nov 19, 2016 Intuitive Surgical  and Accuray  are both medical device companies that sell expensive systems to hospitals, but the similarities between the two end right there.'
p4
aS'How Expensive Is Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Stock After Reporting Earnings? Motley Fool - Oct 26, 2016 No one is going to argue that Intuitive Surgical  is a cheap stock. Shares trade for 36 times trailing GAAP earnings, a significant premium to the overall market.'
p5
aS"Will 2017 Be Intuitive Surgical, Inc.'s Best Year Yet? Motley Fool - Dec 16, 2016 Barring some unforeseen calamity, Intuitive Surgical's  stock is about to do something that has only happened once before in the company's history: post three consecutive years of positive returns."
p6
aS"The 3 Biggest Risks Facing Intuitive Surgical, Inc. in 2017 Motley Fool - Dec 30, 2016 Shareholders of Intuitive Surgical  have finished out 2016 with good feelings. After experiencing a world of pain in mid-2013, shares of the company's stock have advanced for three consecutive years.Intuitive Surgical Inc.  Stake Cut by Valicenti Advisory Services Inc. - Sports Perspectives"
p7
aS'Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Produces Yet Another Solid Quarter Motley Fool - Oct 19, 2016 This is becoming old hat for Intuitive Surgical : underpromise and overdeliver. The maker of the daVinci robotic surgical system reported third-quarter earnings on Tuesday night, and it was an all-around solid release. The headline numbers&nbsp;...Insurance For Intuitive Surgical - Seeking AlphaIntuitive Surgical profit rises 26% - MarketWatch'
p8
aS"Why Intuitive Surgical Is Increasing R&amp;D Spending by Over 30% Motley Fool - Feb 7, 2017 The increased R&amp;D budget is going toward a couple of ongoing initiatives Intuitive has in its efforts to produce the company's next generation of surgical technology. The first is the da Vinci Sp, or single-port, robot. While its flagship da Vinci Xi ...Consensus Price Of Intuitive Surgical, Inc.  Set At $748.636 - Transcript Daily"
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Intuitive Surgical Inc  versus ResMed Inc  CML News - 9 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Intuitive Surgical Inc  versus ResMed Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.