(lp0
S"Sequim JC Penney's doors to stay open Peninsula Daily News - Mar 19, 2017 SEQUIM - The North Olympic Peninsula's only J.C. Penney store will remain open while 138 other locations will be shuttered, J.C. Penney Co. Inc. has announced. The parent company announced Friday which stores would close. J.C. Penney's corporate&nbsp;...The full list of 138 JC Penney stores closing around the US - The Boston GlobeJC Penney to close downtown Pendleton store - East Oregonian "
p1
aS'JC Penney: Grinding Out Value Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Comparable store sales were flat in 2016 and guidance is currently for more of the same in 2017. J.C. Penney can add value to its shares through maintaining near $1 billion EBITDA and reducing debt by a couple hundred million per year.JC Penney Company Inc  Unveils Home Services Expansion Plan - Market ExclusiveJC Penney launching Home Services to capitalize on housing market, lower ... - MarketWatch'
p2
aS"Better Buy: JC Penney Company Inc vs. Kohl's Corporation Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Many, including Macy's and J.C. Penney  are closing stores, which could put even more pressure on mall retailers as hundreds of malls are set to lose their anchors.JC Penney  Tops Q4 Earnings, Unveils Strategic Plans - Zacks.comMonday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc.  and JC Penney ... - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"JC Penney Company, Inc. Earnings: A Return to Profitability  Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Yet while comp sales ultimately came in well below the company's original forecast of a 3% to 4% annual increase, J.C. Penney still managed to reach some of its other financial goals in 2016. Most notably, it earned a full-year profit. Cost cuts are ...JC Penney Co. plans to close up to 140 stores, seek 6000 voluntary employee ... - Winston-Salem JournalJC Penney: Trying To Sell Its Turnaround Story - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS'JC Penney closing three stores in Nebraska knopnews2 - Mar 17, 2017 ... company said approximately 25 associates will be impacted at the North Platte location and is expected to close in Mid-June.NP JCPenney slated to shut down this summer - North Platte Telegraph'
p5
aS"Short JC Penney Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 J.C. Penney still manages to generate a tremendous amount of revenue. But retail is a low margin business, and the company's meager EBITDA better reflects its value. J.C. Penney is still expensive on the EV/EBITDA metric, and this is because of its ..."
p6
aS'Why Frontier Communications Corp , JC Penney Company Inc  and United ... Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 With a key interest rate decision from the Federal Reserve only two days away, traders were content to do very little to get the new trading week going.'
p7
aS"Watertown and Massena JCPenney stores not part of nationwide store closures WatertownDailyTimes.com - Mar 20, 2017 The JCPenney stores in Watertown and Massena will not join 138 other stores JCPenney Co. Inc. will close within the next few months.Full list of 138 JCPenney stores to close this year - fox4kc.comJCPenney store to close on Jasper's east side - Dubois County Free Press"
p8
aS'JCPenney to close Palisades Center location, cutting 89 jobs Westfair Online - 15 hours ago The J.C. Penney Co. Inc. is closing its store at the Palisades Center in West Nyack along with 137 other locations nationwide.'
p9
aS"Sault Ste. Marie JCPenney to close Sault Ste. Marie Evening News - Mar 17, 2017 A February press release from J. C. Penney Company, Inc. announced that the retailer would be &quot;implementing a plan to optimize its national retail operations as part of the company's successful return to profitability."
p10
a.