(lp0
S"Krispy Kreme Doughnuts to open outlet at Gracechurch Centre in Sutton Coldfield Sutton Coldfield Observer - Mar 7, 2017 Krispy Kreme, known for its array of doughnut flavours, will be opening at the town's Gracechurch Centre next week, with a kiosk next to the shopping venue's information desk.Krispy Kreme is launching a special Mother's Day box of doughnuts - MetroKrispy Kreme to open Sutton Coldfield store and here's how to get free doughnuts - Birmingham Mail"
p1
aS'The raspberry filling in your Krispy Kreme doughnut might not actually be ... Metro - Nov 15, 2016 And the strawberries in your strawberries &amp; kreme doughnut might not actually be strawberries. Noticing a pattern yet? An awful, deeply upsetting pattern?Krispy Kreme Has Been Lying To Us, Lawsuit Claims - BuzzFeed NewsKrispy Kreme sued over false advertising of fruit, maple doughnut ingredients - Fox News'
p2
aS"Krispy Kreme Is Selling Green Doughnuts for St. Patrick's Day Fortune - Mar 17, 2017 The North Carolina-based doughnut-maker and coffeehouse is commemorating the occasion with a dash of green. All of the chain's original glazed doughnuts are now &quot;O'riginal&quot; and will be colored with green icing for the holiday. And don't worry - there ...Green Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Are Not Kale - American Council on Science and Health"
p3
aS"Here's how to get free Krispy Kreme doughnuts in January Manchester Evening News - Jan 5, 2017 From Monday January 9 until Tuesday January 31, the company are giving away a FREE box of twelve Original Glazed Krispy Kreme doughnuts with every box of twelve assorted doughnuts bought. The deal is available in store and via click and collect online&nbsp;...Don't miss out on free doughnuts at Krispy Kreme this month - Bath ChronicleHow to get 12 free Krispy Kreme doughnuts this month - Liverpool Echo"
p4
aS"Krispy Kreme Doughnuts bought by coffee giant for $1.32bn The Independent - May 9, 2016 Among JAB's most recent acquisitions are coffee companies like Peet's Coffee &amp; Tea, Stumptown Coffee Roasters, and the mainstay of single-serve office coffee, Keurig Green Mountain.Donut with your coffee? Krispy Kreme sold to Keurig and Stumptown owner - The Guardian"
p5
aS'Krispy Kreme offers free doughnuts in exchange for Mardi Gras beads WWLTV.com - 17 hours ago METAIRIE, La. -- For two days only, Krispy Kreme is giving away free doughnuts in exchange for a donation of Mardi Beads. Customers who bring 12 pounds, or more, of Mardi Gras beads to the Clearview location of Krispy Kreme doughnuts, 825 Clearview&nbsp;...Krispy Kreme is trading donuts for Mardi Gras beads until Tuesday night - NOLA.comMetrostar to head Krispy Kreme brand extension across the UK - Licensing.biz'
p6
aS"Krispy Kreme is opening a hole in the wall which dispenses Nutella doughnuts Metro - May 5, 2016 It's like an ATM machine but with doughnuts instead. Or, if you prefer, a Krispy Kreme vending machine. The tiny pop-up, which will be located in Holborn, London, will give people a chance to taste the new doughnut - called the Nutty Chocolatta ...Krispy Kreme has finally created the doughnut we've all been waiting for - but ... - Mirror.co.uk"
p7
aS'Krispy Kreme customers shocked when giant RAT leaps through car park with a ... The Sun - Nov 29, 2016 The video, which was taken on her mobile phone, shows the rat speed under a Krispy Kreme bin. It is then seen leaping across the car park again and again with the doughnut in its mouth. Emma said: &quot;It had to jump because the doughnut was that big. It ...'
p8
aS"How to get free Krispy Kreme doughnuts in Stoke-on-Trent Stoke Sentinel - Jan 11, 2017 Sweet treat purveyors Krispy Kreme have started dishing out deals this month and you could get your hands on free tasty treats!Long Lines, Big Appetites and a Sweet Story Mark Krispy Kreme's Homewood Debut - Patch.comKrispy Kreme set to release new Sweet America range of doughnuts in Japan - RocketNews24"
p9
aS"Get free Krispy Kreme donuts this January Essex Live - Jan 9, 2017 We could all do with a treat in dull old January and now you can get a sugar hit in Essex. Well, the kind people at Krispy Kreme have come up with an offer you can't refuse. Every customer is entitled to a free box of 12 original glazed donuts when you ...Krispy Kreme offering FREE doughnuts this January - and here's how to get them - Coventry TelegraphHow to get FREE Krispy Kreme doughnuts in Birmingham - Birmingham Mail"
p10
a.