(lp0
S'Lee Enterprises Inc. MarketWatch - Dec 21, 2009 Lee Enterprises Inc. NYSE: LEE. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p1
aS"Hot Stock Overview: Lee Enterprises, Incorporated  HugoPress - Mar 14, 2017 Several sell side analysts reviewed their recommendations on Lee Enterprises, Incorporated  where 0 analyst have rated the stock as Strong Buy, 2 analysts said it's a Buy, 0 rated the stock as Hold, 0 analysts reported Underperform and 0&nbsp;...Lee Enterprises, Incorporated  sitting close to a major resistance line ... - USA Commerce DailyNext Move Prediction for Lee Enterprises, Incorporated  - The Oracle Examiner"
p2
aS"I Wouldn't Gamble On Lee Enterprises Seeking Alpha - Dec 30, 2016 Lee Enterprises  owns and operates 46 daily newspapers and 34 Sunday papers with 800,000 print subscribers and 1.2 million digital subscribers as of September 2016."
p3
aS"Real Estate Could Be Lee Enterprises' Savior Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2016 Debt repayment has been impressive at Lee Enterprises and is accelerating due to one-off cash inflows. But revenue declines are worrisome."
p4
aS"Change Of Guard At Lee Enterprises, Incorporated  Scibility Media - Sep 6, 2016 Lee Enterprises, Incorporated  is making leadership changes at the top. Marc Wilson, who has been CEO of the company's subsidiary TownNews."
p5
aS'VC Score Review for Lee Enterprises, Incorporated  The Standard - 12 hours ago Checking in on shares of Lee Enterprises, Incorporated , the stock currently has a Value Composite Score of 23.'
p6
aS'Lee Enterprises - Disciplined Debt Reduction To Unlock Equity Value Seeking Alpha - Aug 30, 2016 Can a company in an industry with a very dim future be a good investment? We think Lee Enterprises is one such company that can.'
p7
aS"Lee Enterprises: Fundamentals Are Deteriorating Seeking Alpha - Aug 9, 2016 Last week, Lee Enterprises reported its second consecutive quarter of revenues declining faster than expenses. If this trend continues, EBITDA will start to materially suffer, which will harm the company's ability to continue to rapidly delever."
p8
aS'Lee Enterprises Plans Sale of Provo Newspaper Assets Business Wire  - Aug 22, 2016 DAVENPORT, Iowa----Lee Enterprises, Incorporated , a major provider of local news, information and advertising in 49 markets, has entered into an agreement to sell its newspaper and digital media operations in Provo, Utah to&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Lee Enterprises Could Double In The Next 36 Months Seeking Alpha - Jul 17, 2015 Newspaper publisher Lee Enterprises  has been remarkably consistent in its ability to generate free cash flow  over the years.'
p10
a.