(lp0
S'Legacy Reserves LP Announces 2016 Schedules K-1 Available GlobeNewswire  - Mar 7, 2017 MIDLAND, Texas, March 07, 2017  -- Legacy Reserves LP   announced today that it has completed the 2016 tax packages for unitholders of LGCY, LGCYP and LGCYO including Schedules K-1.Legacy Reserves LP  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News'
p1
aS'Trading Focus: Checking ATR Levels for Legacy Reserves LP  Davidson Register - 13 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Legacy Reserves LP  has a 14-day ATR of 0.68. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in order to&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Moody's Changes Legacy Reserves' PDR to Caa3-PD/LD Moodys.com   - May 5, 2016 New York, May 05, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service,  changed Legacy Reserves, LP's  Probability of Default Rating  to Caa3-PD/LD from Caa3-PD. At the same time, Moody's affirmed Legacy's Corporate Family Rating  at&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"I've Been Wrong About Legacy Reserves So Far Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2016 In this piece, I decided to revisit Legacy Reserves, a company I expressed some concern about in a previous article. After seeing oil prices soar and in spite of a drop in natural gas prices, the company should be cash flow positive this year if the ..."
p4
aS'Traders Focused Stock: Legacy Reserves LP  Is stories - 18 hours ago 3 issued rating as a HOLD.0 said as SELL recommendations and 1 suggested UNDERWEIGHT rating. The shares have been given a mean Underweight rating keeping in view the consensus of 4 Analysts.Legacy Reserves LP  has been downgraded to Sell in a statement by ... - Breaking Finance NewsRisk Alert in Option Market: Legacy Reserves LP Implied Price Swing Hits An ... - CML News'
p5
aS'Legacy Reserves LP : Will They Hit or Miss; Earnings Estimates Yahoo News - Apr 27, 2016 MIDLAND, TX / ACCESSWIRE / April 27, 2016 / Legacy Reserves LP  is a master limited partnership headquartered in Midland, Texas, focused on the acquisition and development of oil and natural gas properties primarily located in the Permian Basin&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Legacy Reserves: 4 Things To Watch For Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 In this article, I decided to look at Legacy Reserves as earnings season nears and to give my thoughts on what investors should watch out for.Legacy Reserves LP  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday - Community Financial NewsLegacy Reserves LP  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p7
aS'Analysts Chime in on Two Rising Stocks: Legacy Reserves LP , NCR ... Smarter Analyst - Oct 26, 2016 While U.S. stocks fell for a second straight session on Wednesday, Legacy Reserves LP  and NCR Corporation  are up sharply today amid positive loan credit agreement and 3Q earnings report, respectively.'
p8
aS"Legacy Reserves: Making Impressive Progress Seeking Alpha - Aug 4, 2016 After the market closed on August 3rd, Legacy Reserves released financial results for the second quarter of the company's 2016 fiscal year."
p9
aS"Legacy Reserves' Brilliant Strategy Seeking Alpha - May 9, 2016 Shares of Legacy Reserves have been higher lately and part of this is most certainly due to management's brilliant decisions."
p10
a.