(lp0
S"News Live Ventures Inc.LIVE Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p1
aS"Live Ventures Subsidiary, Vintage Stock, Inc., Opens Eight New Stores GlobeNewswire  - Jan 31, 2017 LAS VEGAS, Jan. 31, 2017  -- Live Ventures Incorporated, , , a diversified holding company, today announces its subsidiary, Vintage Stock, Inc., America's entertainment superstore chain, has opened eight&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Live Ventures Inc : A Counter Argument To The Decline Insider Financial - Jan 10, 2017 Live Ventures Inc  is having a pretty rough ride this week. A hit piece on Seeking Alpha has sought to paint the company as a scam, and one that is deliberately misleading investors and potential investors, and this has translated to some&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Buzz Stocks: QUALCOMM, Inc., Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc, and Live Ventures Inc Schaeffers Research  - Dec 28, 2016 Among specific equities in the spotlight today are digital communications stock QUALCOMM, Inc. , biotech Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc , and mobile marketing specialist Live Ventures Inc . Here's a quick&nbsp;...Pre-Open Stock Movers 12/28:    Higher;   Lower ... - StreetInsider.comAnthera Pharmaceuticals  Crashes on Failed Drug Trial; Cyclacel ... - Galaxy Stocks  "
p4
aS"LiveDeal  is Now 'Live Ventures, Inc.' StreetInsider.com - Oct 8, 2015 LiveDeal  announces that it has completed a corporate name change from LiveDeal, Inc. to Live Ventures Incorporated. The name change does not affect the rights of our stockholders. Our securities will continue to trade on The NASDAQ&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Live Ventures Announces Biggest Year in Company History Achieving Record ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 28, 2016 Reporting its most successful year in the Company's history, Live Ventures reported a record $79M in revenues, an increase of 136 percent over the previous year, and net profit of approximately $17.82M, representing earnings per share  of $8.92 ...Technology Stocks Worth Chasing: Plug Power Inc. , Live Ventures ... - The Independent Republic"
p6
aS"Insider Trading at Live Ventures Inc? BBNS - 13 hours ago Live Ventures logo Live Ventures Inc  CEO Jon Isaac purchased 1,000 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th."
p7
aS'Form POS AM LIVE VENTURES Inc StreetInsider.com - Mar 2, 2017 Get instant alerts when news breaks on your stocks. Claim your 2-week free trial to StreetInsider Premium here. As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2017.'
p8
aS"Live Ventures  Closes $60M Acquisition of Vintage Stock StreetInsider.com - Nov 7, 2016 Live Ventures Incorporated  , a diversified holding company, today announced it has acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of entertainment retailer, Vintage Stock, Inc., in a cash and debt transaction ...BRIEF-Capitala backs Live Ventures' Vintage Stock acquisition - Reuters"
p9
aS"Live Ventures'  CEO Jon Isaac on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 Good day, everyone and welcome to the Live Ventures Quarterly Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode."
p10
a.