(lp0
S"What Comes Next for Eli Lilly? BloombergQuint - Nov 23, 2016 Nov.23 -- Eli Lilly &amp; Co. announced that its experimental Alzheimer's treatment, Solanezumab, failed in a final-stage trial."
p1
aS"BRIEF-Eli Lilly and Co says CEO John Lechleiter's 2016 total compensation was ... Reuters - 16 hours ago LONDON, March 20 U.S. bank Citi has abandoned its prediction of a fall for the euro to below parity against the dollar, the latest major lender to capitulate on long-term forecasts for a historic change in one of the world's big currency equilibriums."
p2
aS"Eli Lilly Wants You to Know Its Price Hikes Don't Work Bloomberg - 12 hours ago According to a report it released Monday, Eli Lilly &amp; Co. had a 50-percent-off sale on its drugs in the U.S. in 2016, giving half the list price of its medicines back to insurers and pharmacy benefit managers, on average.Sunlight Is the Best Medicine for Pharma - Wall Street Journal "
p3
aS"Eli Lilly &amp; Co.'s Recent Developments Market Realist - Feb 23, 2017 Eli Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim also launched Basaglar in the US market. LLY launched Taltz in Japan for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.The Top Three Holders Of Eli Lilly and Company  - Post AnalystEli Lilly and Company  Surged 1.83% - TopChronicle"
p4
aS"Eli Lilly &amp; Co. Part of Lawsuit Over Insulin  Investopedia - Jan 30, 2017 are in the cross hairs. The New York Times reported a federal lawsuit was filed in Massachusetts alleging the companies conspired to drive up prices on insulin.Sanofi, Novo Nordisk and Lilly named in patients' price fixing suit - Daily Mail"
p5
aS'Analyst Viewpoints on Price Reaction History: Eli Lilly and Co  Post Registrar - 17 hours ago Eli Lilly and Co  plunged -1.21% during previous trade, a total of 5.79M shares exchanged hands compared with its average trading volume of 3.67M shares whereas its relative volume is 1.40.UBS Just Issued Neutral Rating on Eli Lilly and Co  - Highland MirrorThe Capital Guardian Trust Co. Has $70978000 Position in Eli Lilly and Co  - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Eli Lilly &amp; Co.  Completes Takeover of CoLucid Pharmaceuticals  StreetInsider.com - Mar 1, 2017 Eli Lilly and Company  today announced the successful completion of its acquisition of CoLucid Pharmaceuticals, Inc. .Lilly Completes Acquisition - Inside INdiana Business'
p7
aS"Lilly Diabetes Becomes 'Official Diabetes Health Partner of NASCAR' PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 As the Official Diabetes Health Partner of NASCAR, Lilly Diabetes - part of Eli Lilly and Company  - will expand its presence in the sport by introducing initiatives that educate fans about the disease."
p8
aS"Eli Lilly chasing psoriasis jackpot with Taltz Indianapolis Business Journal - Mar 18, 2017 For Lilly, the stakes are high. The company's traditional portfolio of once-brisk-selling products has slid into decline in recent years amid patent expirations."
p9
aS'Better Buy: Eli Lilly and Co vs. GlaxoSmithKline plc Motley Fool - Feb 25, 2017 A couple recent events helped shares of Eli Lilly and Co  bounce back from a big clinical trial failure that sent the stock tumbling late last year.'
p10
a.