(lp0
S'Northwest Bancshares, Inc. Completes Merger with LNB Bancorp, Inc. PR Newswire  - Aug 14, 2015 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Northwest Bancshares, Inc. , the holding company for Northwest Bank, announced today that it has successfully completed its merger with LNB Bancorp, Inc. , the holding company for The Lorain&nbsp;...Northwest Bank completes merger with Lorain National Bank - The Morning Journal'
p1
aS"Northwest Bancshares buys LNB Bancorp for $183 million Crain's Cleveland Business - Dec 16, 2014 LNB Bancorp Inc. , the parent of Lorain National Bank, is being acquired by Warren, Pa.-based Northwest Bancshares Inc.  in a combination cash and stock deal valued at $18.64 per share, or about $183.3 million.$183M acquisition will take Northwest Savings into Ohio - Buffalo Business FirstLorain National Bank sold to Northwest Bank of Warren - cleveland.com"
p2
aS'LNB Bancorp, Inc. Appoints Frederick D. DiSanto to Board of Directors Business Wire  - Oct 24, 2013 LNB Bancorp, Inc. is a $1.2 billion bank holding company. Its major subsidiary, The Lorain National Bank, is a full-service commercial bank, specializing in commercial, personal banking services, residential mortgage lending and investment and trust ...'
p3
aS"Northwest Bancshares, Inc. Enters Suburban Cleveland and Akron Markets through ... PR Newswire  - Dec 15, 2014 Daniel E. Klimas, President and Chief Executive Officer of LNB Bancorp, Inc., will be named Regional President and market leader for Northwest's Ohio franchise after the merger is consummated."
p4
aS'LNB Bancorp, Inc. Names James Baemel Senior Vice President &amp; SBA Lending Manager EON: Enhanced Online News  - Sep 27, 2013 CLEVELAND----James B. Baemel, a 27-year banking veteran, has been named senior vice president and SBA business lending manager for Lorain National Bank.'
p5
aS'LNB Bancorp, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Mar 5, 2017 Stock market analysts watching LNB Bancorp, Inc.  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Sunday 5th of March state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy, 0 analysts ...'
p6
aS'LNB Bancorp, Inc. Shareholders Vote to Approve Merger with Northwest ... Finances.com - Jun 16, 2015 LNB Bancorp, Inc.   today announced that its shareholders have voted to approve the previously announced merger of LNB with Northwest Bancshares Inc. I am pleased to report that our shareholders have&nbsp;...Lorain National Bank cutting 99 jobs in merger with Northwest Savings - The Morning Journal'
p7
aS'Northwest Bancshares, Inc. Selects Robert Campana To Serve As Director ... PR Newswire  - Jul 16, 2015 Mr. Campana has been a director of LNB Bancorp, Inc. and Lorain National Bank  since 1997. He has served on the executive, loan and compensation committees and currently is the chairman of the compensation committee.Northwest names Kevin Nelson Ohio Region president, Robert Campana director - The Morning Journal'
p8
aS"Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For LNB Bancorp, Inc.  Fiscal Standard - Mar 9, 2017 LNB Bancorp, Inc. is a financial holding company. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, The Lorain National Bank provides services, such as Commercial Lending, which includes commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans,&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Northwest Savings to acquire Lorain National Bank The Morning Journal - Dec 16, 2014 On Dec. 15, Northwest Bancshares and LNB Bancorp Inc. jointly announced a definitive merger agreement for Northwest to acquire Lorain National Bank in cash and stock transaction worth about $183.3 million, or $18.64 per share, according to the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.