(lp0
S'Corp Hosts Local Entrepreneurs Georgetown University The Hoya - Mar 15, 2017 To introduce Georgetown students to the intersection between food and entrepreneurship, Students of Georgetown, Inc. hosted Greg Menna and Jesse Konig, respective founders of local businesses District Donut and Swizzler, for the second installment of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Local Government Corp. OKs retail deal, pushes back baseball Amarillo.com - Feb 23, 2017 The Amarillo Local Government Corp. finalized a management agreement Wednesday with local real estate broker and developer Bob Garrett.'
p2
aS'Corporation Commission quashes bid to get APS donation records Arizona Daily Sun - Mar 14, 2017 Officially the vote of the Arizona Corporation Commission was to cut off the funds for the outside attorney they had previously authorized Bob Burns to hire.'
p3
aS"Councilman suggests hiring full-time director for Development Corp. Wahpeton Daily News - Mar 16, 2017 Wahpeton, in its goal to create more effective economic development, could bring all the relevant parties - the city council, the Community Development Corporation, etc. - together and clearly define each one's roles, responsibilities and lanes for ..."
p4
aS"Help this B Corp-certified florist grow her local impact in East Falls Generocity - Mar 8, 2017 As the world's first florist to be licensed as a B Corp, Falls Flowers knows a thing or two about sustainability and it's something Chang tries to be transparent as possible about when talking with her customers and clients."
p5
aS"Muskegon Castings Corp. a 'total loss' after overnight fire WZZM13.com - Mar 15, 2017 Investigators are trying to figure out what caused a fire at Muskegon Castings Corporation late Tuesday, March 14. The fire started in the ceiling around 10:30 p.m."
p6
aS'Citizen wants confidential data from PUC on Black Hills Corp. Watertown Public Opinion - Mar 11, 2017 Citizen wants confidential data from PUC on Black Hills Corp. 1 hr ago; 0. WPOweb_sdgov. prev. next. PIERRE - The state Public Utilities ... The matter involves a filing by Black Hills Corp. Richard Bell of Rapid City is intervening. Bell wants access ...'
p7
aS'Capital One buys future business incubator building in Shockoe Bottom Richmond.com - 9 hours ago Loving and Cummings announced in November that they planned to convert the former tobacco warehouse into an incubator that would provide work space and mentoring opportunities for local entrepreneurs and startups. They sought backing from the local&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Tredegar Corp. announces board member will retire Richmond.com - Feb 22, 2017 Chesterfield County-based Tredegar Corp. - a maker of plastic films and aluminum extrusions - said Tuesday that board of directors member George A. Newbill will retire as of the company's annual meeting on May 17."
p9
aS"BFC's nonprofit partner on Bedford-Union Armory project raises concerns The Real Deal Magazine - Mar 13, 2017 The nonprofit that BFC Partners selected to team up with on the Bedford-Union Armory redevelopment in Crown Heights is raising some concerns amid scrutiny."
p10
a.