(lp0
S'Lattice Semiconductor sells to little-known firm with ties to China OregonLive.com - Nov 3, 2016 In his note, Rolland said he believes the Chinese government is seeking to buy chip companies in other countries to integrate with a Shanghai-based company, Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. Lattice would be a neat fit, he wrote, because ...Lattice Semiconductor to Sell Itself to Canyon Bridge for $1.3 Billion - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS"Lattice Semiconductor shareholders approve merger with Canyon Bridge Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 By a vote of 77.83% of outstanding Lattice Semiconductor  shares. The planned merger had been approved prior by the company's board.UPDATE: Merger Agreement Approved by Shareholders of Lattice Semiconductor - Yahoo FinanceLattice Shareholders Approve China Takeover - EE Times"
p2
aS'Why Lattice Semiconductor Corporation Shares Jumped Today Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 What: Shares of Lattice Semiconductor  have jumped today, up by 9% as of 12:03 p.m. ET, after the company reported first-quarter earnings.Lattice Semiconductor Enhances Portfolio of Video Interface Bridging Solutions ... - Business Wire '
p3
aS'Why Lattice Semiconductor Corporation Pulled Back Today Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2016 What: Chip maker Lattice Semiconductor  shares fell as much as 16.7% Tuesday morning but are trading about 8% lower at the time of this writing.'
p4
aS'Exclusive: Lattice Semiconductor explores sale amid Chinese interest - sources Reuters - Feb 27, 2016 Lattice Semiconductor Corp , a U.S. maker of programmable chips in mobile phones and tablets, is exploring a sale that has attracted interest from a prospective Chinese buyer, according to people familiar with the matter.'
p5
aS"Why Did Lattice Semiconductor's Stock Surge Almost 20%? Market Realist - Apr 15, 2016 Tsinghua Unigroup is back in action with reports floating around about a new acquisition. The company has purchased 7.2 million shares of Lattice Semiconductor , according to a regulatory filing on April 13, 2016. This led Lattice Semiconductor's&nbsp;...Why Shares of Lattice Semiconductor Are Surging Today - Motley FoolLattice shares soar after China's Tsinghua reports buying stake - Reuters"
p6
aS'Lattice Semiconductor Corp , TPCAST Form Partnership On Wireless ... Market Exclusive - Jan 24, 2017 TPCAST and Lattice Semiconductor Corp  have formed an exclusive partnership with a view to delivering wireless solutions for VR headsets.'
p7
aS'Lattice Semiconductor Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... PR Newswire  - Nov 8, 2016 NEW YORK, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WeissLaw LLP is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of Lattice Semiconductor Corp.  in connection with the proposed&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Trading Focus: Checking ATR Levels for Lattice Semiconductor Corp  Davidson Register - 13 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Lattice Semiconductor Corp  has a 14-day ATR of 0.11. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"China Inc. Retreats From Lattice Semiconductor Barron's - Oct 7, 2016 On July 18, it began to sell Lattice shares. Through Sept. 30, it has sold more than 5.8 million shares for $37.2 million, or $6.37 each on average."
p10
a.