(lp0
S'Analysts Take on Macerich Co  Rating Post Registrar - 15 hours ago Macerich Co  fell -0.73% during previous trade. Goldman issued rating on the stock of Macerich Co  in a research note issued to investors on Mar-17-17, the stock received Downgrade rating from Neutral to Sell.Goldman Sachs Downgrades the shares of The Macerich Company  to Sell - HugoPressMacerich Co  Downgraded to Sell at Goldman Sachs Group Inc - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"Macerich: Is Retail Contagion Spreading To Class A Malls? Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 The bull/bear argument for Macerich  is starting to come down to one simple question: how protected are the company's Class A malls from e-commerce penetration and lower brick-and-mortar traffic? I discussed that question at length in&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Macerich Rejects Simon Property's $16.8 Billion Takeover Bid Wall Street Journal - Apr 1, 2015 Macerich Co. rejected the best and final bid from Simon Property Group Inc., which promptly withdrew its $16.8 billion offer, ending for now the possible combination of rival mall operators in the U.S.. Macerich, in a letter to Simon Property Group ...Simon Property Withdraws $16.8 Billion Offer for Macerich - BloombergSimon gives up after Macerich rejects second bid - Los Angeles Times"
p3
aS'Macerich: The Future Of Malls Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 Remember when you and all of your friends used to spend the day hanging out at the mall? Running around without those modern leashes called cellphones, getting into the sort of trouble only young, dumb teenagers can.'
p4
aS'Macerich Announces Tax Treatment Of 2015 Dividends PR Newswire  - Jan 19, 2016 SANTA MONICA, Calif., Jan. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Macerich Company  today announced the tax treatment for dividend distributions taxable in 2015 on its Common Stock.'
p5
aS'With Its Yield Over 4%, Macerich Looks Interesting Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 Despite a series of initiatives aimed to highlight its private market valuation, Macerich shares have returned to 2014 levels below $70.'
p6
aS'Macerich Company: Prime Retail REIT Seeking Alpha - May 17, 2016 As I have already completed my reviews of the two leading retail REITs, I figured I would finish with a review of Macerich Co.  which is another important retail REIT. The company itself operates the same way a large number of retail REITs do.'
p7
aS'Macerich And Happy Returns Announce Three New Mall Locations For Innovative ... PR Newswire  - Nov 29, 2016 Macerich, an S&amp;P 500 company, is a fully integrated self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust, which focuses on the acquisition, leasing, management, development and redevelopment of regional malls throughout the United States.'
p8
aS'Macerich: A Mall REIT Getting Ready For The Future Seeking Alpha - Apr 22, 2016 One of my favorite mall real estate investment trusts, or REITs, is Taubman Properties . However you can tell a lot about a REIT by the company it keeps.'
p9
aS'Macerich will nominate 2 new directors as proxy fight ends Los Angeles Times - May 4, 2015 Mall operator Macerich said Monday it settled a proxy fight with two investment funds, and will nominate two new directors to its board while dropping a &quot;poison pill&quot; measure that helped it stave off an attempted takeover.Macerich Settles Proxy Fight With Two Activist Hedge Funds - Wall Street JournalMacerich Announces Plan to Add Two New Independent Directors and Implement ... - PR Newswire '
p10
a.