(lp0
S"Mattel reworks China strategy amid elusive growth Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 Mattel Inc  is doubling down to corner a bigger share of China's fragmented yet lucrative toy market, but the success of its efforts hinges on its ability to navigate strict regulation and adapt to local preferences."
p1
aS"Better Buy: Walt Disney Co. vs. Mattel, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Who doesn't have fond memories of watching their favorite Disney  movies while growing up, or playing with the newest Barbie doll or Hot Wheels car during the summer downtimes?Yielding 6%, Mattel Stock Can Rise 40% This Year - Barron'sThis Day in History  Barbie Makes Her Debut  March 9, 1959 - The Daily Ridge"
p2
aS"3 Keys to Mattel Inc's Turnaround Effort Motley Fool - Feb 25, 2017 Industry-leading toy company Mattel  had a rough 2016. Its problems, however, started much earlier. Mattel's iconic Barbie has fallen out of fashion, and in September of 2014, the company also lost the licensing for the lucrative Walt ..."
p3
aS"Mattel, Inc.  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - 11 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Mattel, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p4
aS'Mattel, Inc.  Is Dropping But Watch The Charts And Be Careful USA Commerce Daily - 8 hours ago With all other things going on, Mattel, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -12.17 percent in just three months.Stock Showing Surging Activity: Mattel, Inc.  - HugoPressMattel, Inc.  Institutional Ownership stands at 0 - The Newburgh Press'
p5
aS"Mattel commits $50 million to UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital UCLA Newsroom - Mar 13, 2017 Mattel, Inc. announced today a $50 million gift to UCLA Health that will fund an expansion of the UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital and help establish a world-class pediatric care center and research hub focused on improving children's health."
p6
aS"Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Mattel, Inc. , Kimco Realty ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Mattel, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 6.44 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 7.12 and&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Digging Up the Facts on Mattel, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Mattel, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Toys &amp; Games. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $25.54, up from yesterday's close by 1.35%.Will Mattel, Inc. Ever Make Inroads In The Lucrative Chinese Toy Market? - StockNews.com Mattel looks to partnerships in China - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'Stock With Upside &amp; Dividend Yield: Mattel, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 10 hours ago If investors are looking for a solid dividend stock with upside potential, Mattel, Inc.  could be one that ticks all the boxes.'
p9
aS"Unusual Volume Spikes For: Mattel, Inc.  HugoPress - Mar 17, 2017 Goldman Sachs Initiates Coverage On Mattel, Inc. 's stock to Neutral with the price target of $27. This rating was issued on 2/13/17.Mattel, Inc.  Closed the Last Trading Session at $25.37 - The Newburgh Press"
p10
a.