(lp0
S"MIDDLEBURG FINANCIAL CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - 7 hours ago Its business activities include commercial and retail banking services through Middleburg Bank, wealth management services through Middleburg Investment Group, Inc., and mortgage banking services. Middleburg Bank's services include various types of&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Shareholders Approve Access National Corporation Merger With Middleburg ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 RESTON, Va. and MIDDLEBURG, Va., March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- At separate special meetings today, shareholders of both Access National Corporation  and Middleburg Financial Corporation  approved the agreement pursuant&nbsp;...Access National, Middleburg bank shareholders approve $233.1M purchase - Washington Business Journal'
p2
aS'Access National, Middleburg Financial announce merger Washington Business Journal - Oct 24, 2016 Shareholders in Access National, the parent company of Access National Bank, will own 53.5 percent of the new company, which will keep the name Access National Corporation. Middleburg shareholders will own 46.5 percent. So far Access National Bank&nbsp;...Access National Corporation and Middleburg Financial Corporation Announce ... - PR Newswire '
p3
aS'Middleburg Financial Corp. chairman retires Virginia Business Magazine - Jul 28, 2016 Joseph L. Boling has retired as chairman of Middleburg Financial Corp., the parent company of Middleburg Bank. The board of directors appointed John C. Lee IV, a director since 2006, to succeed Boling, who was named chairman emeritus.Middleburg Financial Corporation Announces Joseph L. Boling to Retire - PR Newswire '
p4
aS"BRIEF-MIDDLEBURG FINANCIAL CORP Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.15 Reuters - Jan 30, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Price Alert: Middleburg Financial Corporation  Stock Nears ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Price Alert: Middleburg Financial Corporation  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Middleburg Financial Corporation  versus ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Middleburg Financial Corporation  versus MutualFirst Finanacial Inc  .'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Middleburg ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Middleburg Financial Corporation  versus Park Sterling Corporation  .'
p8
aS"Middleburg Bank Shareholder Pushes for Shakeup Loudoun Now - Apr 26, 2016 Middleburg Bank's largest shareholder is pushing for changes that could involve the sale of Loudoun's oldest community financial institution."
p9
aS'Middleburg Financial Corporation  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Aug 10, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Middleburg Financial Corporation  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p10
a.