(lp0
S"Financial challenges face Madison County schools Madison County Carrier - Feb 21, 2017 According to information from the Florida Department of Education , Office of Funding and Financial Reporting, Madison County's schools have a dangerously low Financial Condition Ratio of just 3.72 percent. The Financial Condition Ratio can be&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Madison County officials share findings from DC, recap 2016 Oneida Dispatch - Mar 19, 2017 Y., pose for a photo with, from back left, Madison County Administrator Mark Scimone, Brookfield Supervisor John Salka, DeRuyter Supervisor Dan DeGear, Madison County Attorney Tina Wayland-Smith, and Nelson Supervisor Roger Bradstreet during the ...'
p2
aS'Madison County woman accused of stealing $6000 from injured elderly man in ... AL.com - Mar 13, 2017 A Madison County woman is accused of stealing nearly $6,000 from an elderly family member in Florence while she was responsible for his care.'
p3
aS'Commission gives school board $1.7 million Jackson Sun - 8 hours ago The Madison County Board of Commissioners approved a resolution to allow the Jackson-Madison County School System to spend $1.7 million from the general fund on its 13 priority one projects.'
p4
aS"'Bridges of Madison County' made Robert James Waller famous but didn't define him DesMoinesRegister.com - Mar 13, 2017 I met Robert James Waller when he visited my small English literature class on the campus of Central College in Pella. This was between the 1992 publication of his smash novel The Bridges of Madison County and the 1995 film version starring Clint&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'CORE FCU receives sixth consecutive National Youth Financial Literacy Award Madison County Courier - Mar 11, 2017 Pictured from left Karen Reardon, Member Development &amp; Student Banking Manager, CORE FCU; Bill Sweeney, CEO, CORE FCU; Jim Nussle, president/CEO, Credit Union National Association; and Laura Edick, Marketing &amp; Member Development Specialist&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'A new twist on mergers Madison County Carrier - Mar 14, 2017 The Consumer Financial Services Bureau , a consumer advocacy agency founded after the financial crisis, has identified a number of rural counties across the US that are deemed to be underserved from a financial services perspective. The six ...'
p7
aS"Ken de la Bastide column: County's debt is mounting The Herald Bulletin - Mar 19, 2017 Since that time, led by requests from the Madison County Commissioners, the amount of debt owed the county owes local financial institutions has doubled. The county borrowed over $3 million for five years for the construction of new work-release and&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Thousands Going To Dane County ERs For Dental Problems Wisconsin Public Radio News - 7 hours ago Data out Monday from Public Health Madison &amp; Dane County shows fewer patients with tooth problems are showing up at ERs and urgent care centers in Madison, but the news isn't all good. &quot;The numbers ... &quot;Untreated and undertreated dental pain represents ..."
p9
aS'City of Oneida announces March 21 council agenda Madison County Courier - Mar 19, 2017 AGREEMENT: Authorize the Mayor to sign the Financial Advisory Services Agreement Amendment with Fiscal Advisors &amp;amp; Marketing, Inc. . 4. LOCAL LAW: Receive and place on file the revised Local Law to amend Chapter 34 to establish a&nbsp;...'
p10
a.