(lp0
S"McDonald's Corporation to Trump: 'You are actually a disgusting excuse of a ... KTRK-TV - Mar 16, 2017 The McDonald's Corp. tweet insulting Trump was deleted about 20 minutes after it was posted. . KTRK. Thursday, March 16, 2017 09:27AM.Verified McDonald's Twitter feed calls Trump a disgusting excuse for a president - VICE NewsMcDonald's Twitter account tweets that President Trump is a 'disgusting excuse ... - MassLive.com"
p1
aS"EOD Risers: General Electric Company, Home Depot Inc, Intel Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - 19 hours ago Shares in McDonald's Corporation with EPIC code:  a company that operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants, gained 0.52% or 0.66 points in Friday's trading session."
p2
aS"McDonald's: Analysis Of New Initiatives Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 As a McDonald's  shareholder it's good to see the company making a goal of boosting shareholder value. McDonald's recently announced numerous initiatives to drive future growth. I think most of these initiatives will be successful to improve the&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"McDonald's Goes Coffee Shop: Finally, A Big Idea With Potential Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 We have been critical of McDonald's over the last two years, as we thought the company's turnaround plans have been ineffective and too small-scale to last long-term."
p4
aS"A McDonald's board seat for franchisees? Seeking Alpha - 19 hours ago McDonald's  investors will vote soon on whether to give the franchisees who operate most of the fast-food chain's restaurants the opportunity to elect a board member, Reuters reports.Digging Up the Facts on McDonald's Corporation  - StockNewsJournalMcDonald's Corporation  India app McDelivery leaked personal ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p5
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Heffx Technical Analysis Live Trading News - Mar 17, 2017 During an uptrend the long upper shadow indicates that the bears are gaining control and a top may occur."
p6
aS"McDonald's: $170 Per Share By 2020? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 McDonald's released its financial goals and policy targets over the next three years earlier this month. The company's goals could be doable but appear aggressive with respect to margin expansion."
p7
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Launches Mobile Order and Pay Service Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 If customers choose the drive-thru, they will simply read the already placed order code to the crew and their mobile order will be ready for pickup at the window, McDonald's Corporation  said in a statement. We are proud to pilot mobile ...App-y meal: McDonald's tests mobile ordering - RTMcDonald's Mobile Ordering Is Now A Reality - Benzinga"
p8
aS"Buying McDonald's For Dividend Growth? Not So Fast Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 As the dividend continues to grow against flat FCF, MCD will run into a simple math problem. An important part of the bull case for McDonald's  for as long as I can remember has been its ample dividend. MCD is certainly large and mature ...McDonald's Corporation : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalAverage Brokerage Rating Of McDonald's Corporation , ONEOK, Inc.  - The USA Commerce"
p9
aS"McDonald's Wants to Make You Better Burgers U.S. News & World Report - Mar 2, 2017 The changes come as the food industry faces increasing competition and consumer demands for healthier options and convenience. The Associated Press.McDonald's Corporation  might launch home delivery service in 5 ... - Market ExclusiveInvestors size up new-look McDonald's - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.