(lp0
S"Marcus Corp. reports higher quarterly earnings Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Feb 23, 2017 Milwaukee-based Marcus Corp. reported a 14.2% fourth quarter earnings increase Thursday, fueled mainly by its theater operations.Marcus Corp. reports strong fourth quarter on 'Rogue One,' 'Beasts' releases - Milwaukee Business JournalMarcus Corp. reports higher Q4 profit on theater success - BizTimes.com "
p1
aS'Marcus Corp. selected to buy Park East land next to theater, high-rise development Milwaukee Business Journal - Jan 4, 2017 The Marcus Corp. was selected to buy a Park East property from Milwaukee County that is next to land where the company plans to develop a movie theater, housing and offices.Marcus Corp. could move HQ to Park East corridor development - BizTimes.com Marcus might move headquarters to Edison Place - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel'
p2
aS"Marcus Corp. posts 32% increase in earnings Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Oct 27, 2016 Marcus Corp.'s third-quarter earnings increased 32%, with the Milwaukee-based company's theater division reporting big increases in its revenue and profits.The Marcus Corporation Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Results - Business Wire "
p3
aS'Marcus Corp. eyes theater, 20-story building on river in Park East fox6now.com - Jun 30, 2016 That includes plans for a movie theater, office space and housing on the Marcus-owned property north of East Knapp Street, along the Milwaukee River.'
p4
aS'New York State Teachers Retirement System Lowers Stake in Marcus Corp  The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Marcus Corp logo New York State Teachers Retirement System lowered its stake in Marcus Corp  by 1.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Marcus Corp  Market Cap Of $896.46M - Equities Focus'
p5
aS'C-Level: Replication is key to Marcus Corp. growth strategy Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Sep 24, 2016 That was the simple guiding formula for Ben Marcus when he converted a vacant commercial building in Ripon into a movie theater in 1935.'
p6
aS'Marcus Corp. to acquire St. Louis-based theater chain BizTimes.com  - Nov 21, 2016 Marcus Theatres is currently the fifth-largest theater chain in the country, with 54 locations containing 688 screens in Wisconsin, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota and Ohio.Marcus Corporation  to Acquire Wehrenberg Theatres Assets - StreetInsider.comMarcus Theatres buys Wehrenberg circuit - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel'
p7
aS'Marcus Corp. planning second Safe House location in Chicago BizTimes.com  - Oct 17, 2016 Marcus officials would not comment on the project. I cannot confirm the location of our next Safe House at this time, said Christine Williams, a spokesperson for Marcus Hotels.'
p8
aS"Milwaukee County sells last Park East block to Marcus Corp. Daily Reporter - Jan 4, 2017 The Marcus Corp. has been selected to buy the last available block of Park East land near downtown Milwaukee. Milwaukee County's selection of the Milwaukee-based developer's proposal came as the culmination of a request-for-proposal process."
p9
aS'Marcus considers building downtown tower that would include new cinema Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Jun 29, 2016 Marcus Corp. is considering conceptual plans for a mixed-use project that includes a 20-story office and housing tower, as well as an eight-screen cinema, on a site north of E. Knapp St. and west of N. Water St. Credit: Marcus Corp. and InPlace Design.'
p10
a.