(lp0
S"Why Medical Action Industries Inc. Shares Skyrocketed Motley Fool - Jun 25, 2014 So what: Under the terms of the deal, which values Medical Action Industries at $208 million net of cash, Owens &amp; Minor will pay $13.80 per share in cash that'll be financed by cash on hand as well as its borrowing power available under a revolving ...Owens &amp; Minor to Acquire Medical Action Industries, a Leading Provider of ... - GlobeNewswire Why Medical Action Industries  Stock Is SUrging Today - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS'Medical Action Industries agrees to $208M buyout offer from Owens &amp; Minor Newsday - Jun 25, 2014 Medical Action Industries Inc., a Brentwood-based maker of burn dressings, surgical marking pens and hats for newborns, has agreed to a $208 million buyout by its largest customer, Owens &amp; Minor Inc., the companies announced Wednesday.'
p2
aS'Medical Action Industries to Sell Medegen and Certain Other Assets of Its ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2014 BRENTWOOD, N.Y., March 13, 2014  -- Medical Action Industries Inc.  , announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to sell its Medegen Medical Products, LLC subsidiary&nbsp;...Medical Action Industries sells Medegen unit to Inteplast for $75M - Mass Device'
p3
aS'Medical Action Industries Announces President and Chief Operating Officer GlobeNewswire  - May 28, 2013 BRENTWOOD, N.Y., May 28, 2013  -- Medical Action Industries Inc. , a leading supplier of medical and disposable surgical products, today announced the appointment of Paul Chapman as its new President and Chief&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Medical Action Industries Inc. Completes Acquisition of AVID Medical, Inc. Business Wire  - Aug 27, 2010 BRENTWOOD, N.Y.----Medical Action Industries Inc.  announced the acquisition of AVID Medical, Inc., a leading provider of custom procedure trays serving the healthcare industry.'
p5
aS"Medical Action Industries closes $79M Medegen, patient care business sale Mass Device - Jun 2, 2014 Medical Action Industries  said it closed the $79 million sale of its Medegen Medical Products subsidiary and parts of its patient care business to Inteplast Group's Medira Inc. &quot;I would like to thank all of the talented and dedicated ..."
p6
aS'Medical supply maker to close Brentwood HQ, affecting 51 workers Newsday - Oct 6, 2014 Medical Action Industries Inc., a Brentwood-based manufacturer of surgical procedure kits, will close its Long Island headquarters, affecting 51 employees, according to a notice filed with the state last Wednesday.'
p7
aS'Owens &amp; Minor Seals Medical Action Acquisition; Shares Fall Zacks.com - Oct 8, 2014 Shares of healthcare logistics company Owens &amp; Minor Inc.  fell approximately 2.4% following the completion of its previously announced acquisition of Medical Action Industries . Based in the U.S., Medical Action is a ...'
p8
aS"Acquisition adds to Inteplast's stake in medical disposables Plastics News - Jun 13, 2014 Inteplast affiliate Medira Inc. completed the acquisition of Medegen Medical Products LLC on June 2, according to a news release issued by Medegen's former owner, Medical Action Industries Inc. of Brentwood, N.Y. Medira paid about $78.6 million for&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Owens &amp; Minor, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 The Domestic segment includes all functions relating to its role as a medical supply logistics company providing distribution; kitting, including Medical Action Industries Inc., and logistics services to healthcare providers and manufacturers in the ...'
p10
a.