(lp0
S'MTI of Albany passes poison pill stock plan Albany Times Union - Oct 11, 2016 TSR Inc., Microwave Filter Co., IEH Corp. and Electronic Systems Technology, according to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission documents.'
p1
aS"Acquisition Of Microwave Circuits Expands Filter Capabilities RF Globalnet  - Feb 14, 2017 Gowanda Components Group is pleased to announce that its capabilities for the design and manufacture of RF and microwave filters are expanding in connection with the acquisition of Microwave Circuits from AMTI in Lynchburg, VA. &quot;Microwave Circuits'&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'RFMW Ltd., and Akoustis Technologies, Inc. Announce Distribution Agreement GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , is a manufacturer of innovative BulkONE bulk acoustic wave  high band RF filters for mobile wireless and general purpose RF catalog components. RFMW Ltd. is a specialized distributor ...'
p3
aS'Integrated Microwave Technologies  Launches DragonFly Ultra-Miniature ... PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2017 HACKETTSTOWN, N.J., Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Integrated Microwave Technologies , a business unit of xG Technology, Inc.  , and a leader in advanced digital microwave systems serving the law enforcement,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Akoustis Produces World's First Single-Crystal BAW RF Filters GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2016 Charlotte, N.C., July 25, 2016  -- Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , an innovator of high performance, single-crystal piezoelectric materials and bulk acoustic wave  resonators for mobile ..."
p5
aS'Microphase IPO May Be A 5G Wireless Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Oct 17, 2016 Microphase Corporation is a provider of military microwave and RF  technology and wants to raise up to $12.25 million in its IPO.'
p6
aS'Twitter is letting all users filter out trolls from their notifications Engadget - Aug 18, 2016 Twitter has been failing to deal with abuse on its platform for a good long time now, but it seems like the company might finally be taking some substantive action.'
p7
aS'The Connected Home Is Here Assembly Magazine - Jun 3, 2016 The Kenmore 8000 BTU smart air conditioner can connect to a home Wi-Fi network and be programmed and controlled via an app, which will also alert the owner when the filter needs cleaning. The latest Craftsman .... With a smart appliance, you see the ...'
p8
aS'Globes Elektronik and Link Microtek create French joint-venture Electronics EETimes  - Oct 5, 2016 Specialist RF components distributors Globes Elektronik of Germany and Link Microtek of the UK have created a new company to deliver their services and distribute microwave and RF components in France, as Transtech Technologies SAS. ... the USA to get ...'
p9
aS'9 Ways to Lower Your Energy Bill This Winter Money Magazine - Sep 30, 2016 Shane Kenny, founder of the subscription air filter company FilterSnap, recommended using the beginning of the year as a time to take care of many routine home maintenance tasks, such as changing the batteries in smoke and carbon monoxide detectors ...'
p10
a.