(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Mackinac Financial Corporation  versus Salisbury ... CML News - 10 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Mackinac Financial Corporation  versus Salisbury Bancorp Inc  .'
p1
aS'Mackinac Financial Corporation to acquire First National Bank of Eagle River  CNNMoney - Jan 19, 2016 The Directors of Mackinac Financial Corporation  , the holding company for mBank, and the Directors of Ellis Bankshares, Inc. , the holding company for First National Bank of Eagle River , today announced the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Mackinac Financial Corporation Completes the Acquisition of First National ... Marketwired  - Aug 31, 2016 MANISTIQUE, MI-- - The Directors of Mackinac Financial Corporation  , the holding company for mBank, today announced the consummation of the acquisition of The First National Bank of Niagara&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Mackinac Financial Corporation Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Annual Results ... Marketwired  - Feb 2, 2017 MANISTIQUE, MI-- - Mackinac Financial Corporation  , the bank holding company for mBank, today announced 2016 net income of $4.48 million, or $.72 per share, compared to net income&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Price Alert: Mackinac Financial Corporation  Stock Approaches ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Price Alert: Mackinac Financial Corporation  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: MidSouth Bancorp Inc  is Beating Mackinac Financial ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Mackinac Financial Corporation  versus MidSouth Bancorp Inc  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Bay Bancorp Inc  is Beating Mackinac Financial ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bay Bancorp Inc  versus Mackinac Financial Corporation  .'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Codorus Valley Bancorp Inc  is Beating Mackinac ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Codorus Valley Bancorp Inc  versus Mackinac Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  is Beating Mackinac ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  versus Mackinac Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Mackinac Financial subsidiary adds to area's asset-based lenders Crain's Detroit Business - Sep 22, 2013 Mackinac Financial Corp. , the holding company for mBank, a community bank based in Manistique in the Upper Peninsula, has formed a subsidiary based in Southeast Michigan to do asset-based and accounts-receivable lending for&nbsp;..."
p10
a.