(lp0
S'Hecla to Acquire Mines Management GlobeNewswire  - May 24, 2016 SPOKANE, Wash., May 24, 2016  -- Mines Management, Inc.   and Hecla Mining Company   today announced a merger agreement with Hecla acquiring Mines&nbsp;...Mines Management, Inc.  Agrees To $30 Million Buyout, Will ... - Scibility Media'
p1
aS'Mines Management Inc. : Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results and Montanore ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 18, 2016 Mines Management, Inc. is engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring, and if exploration is successful, developing mineral properties containing precious and base metals.'
p2
aS"Mines Management Inc. : NYSE MKT Extends Mines Management's Compliance Plan GlobeNewswire  - Aug 24, 2016 Spokane, Washington, Aug. 24, 2016  -- MINES MANAGEMENT, INC.  has received notification from the NYSE MKT  stating that, in accordance with Section&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Hecla Completes Acquisition of Mines Management, Inc. Business Wire  - Sep 13, 2016 COEUR D'ALENE, Idaho----Hecla Mining Company  announced today that its acquisition of Mines Management, Inc.  is complete. The acquisition includes the Montanore Project, a large undeveloped silver&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky &amp; Long, PA Files Class Action Suit Against Mines ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 Rigrodsky &amp; Long, P.A. announces that it has filed a class action complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington on behalf of holders of Mines Management, Inc.   common stock in connection ...'
p5
aS'Icm Asset Management Inc Buys Royal Gold, Arconic, Two Harbors Investment ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 13, 2017 Investment company Icm Asset Management Inc buys Royal Gold, Arconic, Two Harbors Investment, Honeywell International, 8point3 Energy Partners LP, Iamgold, Agnico Eagle Mines, Harvard Bioscience, BMC Stock Holdings, Parkervision, sells Stillwater&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Bigger bonds for some mines spurs debate Great Falls Tribune - 4 hours ago John Beaudry, public affairs manager at Stillwater Mining Co., said the bill would create another layer of regulation on top of an already thorough bonding process, and also add an arbitrary bond bond cost.'
p7
aS'Brokerages Set Fortuna Silver Mines Inc  Target Price at $7.75 Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Fortuna Silver Mines by 38.9% in the second quarter.Share Price Fortuna Silver Mines Inc.  Compared to Index - Energy Index'
p8
aS'AQR Capital Management LLC Has $5949000 Position in Coeur Mining Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 16 hours ago Coeur Mining logo AQR Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Coeur Mining Inc  by 100.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Coeur to Present at Inaugural Loop Capital Conference - Yahoo Finance'
p9
aS"Champion Iron Mines Appoints David Cataford as Chief Operating Officer Junior Mining Network - 19 hours ago Prior to joining Champion, Mr. Cataford held various management positions with the Bloom Lake Mine's former owners, Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., where he was part of the management team that increased mining capacity by 80%. Mr. Cataford was also&nbsp;..."
p10
a.