(lp0
S'Vista Equity Partners Completes Acquisition of Marketo PR Newswire  - Aug 16, 2016 SAN MATEO, Calif., Aug. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Marketo, Inc. , the leading provider of engagement marketing software and solutions, today announced that it has been acquired by Vista Equity Partners , a leading private equity&nbsp;...Vista Equity Closes Marketo Acquisition - CMSWire'
p1
aS"Marketo Inc  Buyout Sends Options Volume Through the Roof Schaeffers Research  - May 31, 2016 Options volume on Marketo Inc  is skyrocketing, after the marketing specialist agreed to a $1.8 billion buyout with Vista Equity Partners.Vista's $1.8B Deal For Marketo Takes Advantage Of Investor Stampede From ... - Forbes"
p2
aS"Turtle Bay Resort Joins the Marketo Marketing Nation to Build Lifelong ... PR Newswire  - Dec 2, 2014 SAN MATEO, Calif., Dec. 2, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Marketo Inc. , the leading provider of engagement marketing software and solutions, today announced that Turtle Bay Resort has selected Marketo's engagement marketing platform to more&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Kabbage Powers Innovation in Marketing Communication PR Newswire  - Jul 26, 2016 SAN MATEO, Calif., July 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Marketo, Inc. , the leading provider of engagement marketing software and solutions, today announced that Kabbage Inc., a disruptive financial technology platform that provides businesses&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Marketo Names Steve Lucas as Chief Executive Officer PR Newswire  - Oct 27, 2016 SAN MATEO, Calif., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Marketo, Inc., the leading provider of marketing software and solutions, today announced that it has hired Steve Lucas as its new chief executive officer, underscoring the company's commitment to&nbsp;...Marketo Has Enlisted This Former SAP Exec as Its New CEO - Fortune"
p5
aS"Why the Market Rejected Marketo Inc's Shares Today Motley Fool - Feb 11, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis."
p6
aS'Marketo Said Working With Morgan Stanley on Possible Sale Bloomberg - May 10, 2016 Marketo Inc., a maker of marketing software, is working with Morgan Stanley to explore strategic alternatives including a potential sale, people with knowledge of the matter said.Marketo working with Morgan Stanley for potential sale - Bbg - ReutersMarketo  Worth $37.03-$51.67/Sh in a Deal; SAP  Most Likely Suitor ... - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS'Marketo Announces Leadership Changes in Finance, Administration, and Operations PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2016 SAN MATEO, Calif., March 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Marketo, Inc. , the leading provider of engagement marketing software and solutions, today announced the appointment of Fred Ball to executive vice president and chief administrative&nbsp;...Marketo  Announces New CFO, COO, and CAO Appointments - StreetInsider.comMarketo Announces Executive Suite Reorganization to Strengthen Leadership - MarTech Advisor'
p8
aS'Marketo Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Results PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2016 ... large enterprises and fast-growing small companies across a wide variety of industries. For more information, visit www.marketo.'
p9
aS'Marketo Account-Based Marketing Unveiled PR Newswire  - Sep 13, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Marketo, Inc., the leading provider of engagement marketing software and solutions, today announced the availability of Marketo Account-Based Marketing  that brings together sales and marketing&nbsp;...Marketo Selects Predictive Marketing Leader EverString as Launch Partner for ... - Marketwired Marketo Account-Based Marketing Unveiled; Combines All Essential Components in ... - MarTech Advisor'
p10
a.