(lp0
S'Ascendant Resources Reaches Agreement With New Union Representatives Resuming ... Junior Mining Network - Feb 3, 2017 3, 2017) - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce it has reached agreement between its mine workers and new union representatives to resume full operations at the El Mochito Mine during&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Closing of Underwritten Public Offering Marketwired  - Mar 7, 2017 Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that it has closed its previously announced underwritten public offering  through a syndicate of underwriters led by Eight Capital and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Appointment of Neil Ringdahl as Chief Operating ... Junior Mining Network - Mar 9, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Neil Ringdahl as Chief Operating Officer effective immediately.'
p3
aS'Ascendant Resources Obtains Receipt for Final Prospectus; Provides Operational ... Marketwired  - Jan 18, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that the final receipt has been issued by the Ontario Securities Commission and the securities&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Ascendant Resources Ships First Zinc Concentrate to Partners Nyrstar Junior Mining Network - Feb 13, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce it has completed its first zinc concentrate shipment from the El Mochito mine marking a&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Public Offering of Units Marketwired  - Feb 21, 2017 Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that it has filed a preliminary short form prospectus in connection with a marketed public offering  of units , with each Unit&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'BRIEF-Ascendant Resources provides El Mochito mine and exploration update Reuters - Feb 3, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb 3 James Hobson, the chief operating officer of New York-based marketplace lender On Deck Capital Inc, will resign on March 15 to become chief executive of online insurance startup Attune, according to an OnDeck statement.'
p7
aS'Ascendant Resources Announces Pricing of Underwritten Public Offering Marketwired  - Feb 22, 2017 Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that, in connection with its marketed public offering  previously announced on February 21, 2017, it has entered into an underwriting&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Morumbi Resources Completes Acquisition of El Mochito Mine Marketwired  - Dec 20, 2016 Separately, the Company also announces today that it has filed Articles of Amendment to give effect to its previously announced name change and consolidation.'
p9
aS'Ascendant Resources, union reach agreement to resume operations at El Mochito mine Business News Americas  - Feb 3, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Ascendant Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce it has reached agreement between its mine workers and new union representatives to resume full&nbsp;...'
p10
a.