(lp0
S"'Steady As She Goes' For Microsemi Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 Microsemi's first-quarter results were good enough, but don't move the needle on the standalone value. Drivers like growing satellite builds and the ongoing roll-out of 100G should be good for margins, and Microsemi is well placed to benefit from ..."
p1
aS'Microsemi Delivers Scalable Fronthaul Solution for 4G and 5G Mobile Networks PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 ALISO VIEJO, Calif., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, today announced a new mobile fronthaul solution ...'
p2
aS'Once Overlooked, Microsemi Is Now The Belle Of The Ball Seeking Alpha - Nov 23, 2016 Microsemi is sticking to the plan and looking for above-average revenue growth and margin leverage driven by aerospace, defense, communications, and datacenter storage, as well as merger integration.'
p3
aS'Hyperscale Your Returns With Microsemi Corporation Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2017 Microsemi Corporation  is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductor solutions, differentiated by power, security, reliability, and performance.'
p4
aS'Microsemi: The Diamond In The Rough Among Semiconductors Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 MSCC is the most diversified and best-positioned semi vendor in analog/RF/MW defense/aerospace sector - positioned to leverage Trump defense spending increase.'
p5
aS'Microsemi Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Microsemi Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 0.15% to close at $52.64. On the day, Microsemi Corporation saw 1.32 million shares trade hands on 5,991 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Microsemi Corporation  versus Qorvo Inc  - CML NewsMicrosemi Corp  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : James J Peterson Sells ... - Energy Index'
p6
aS'Calls Catch Fire on Microsemi Corporation  M&amp;A Buzz Schaeffers Research  - Nov 3, 2016 Speculation is swirling after Bloomberg reported chipmaker Microsemi Corporation  has hired Bank of Montreal   to help coordinate a sale, following a buyout offer from sector peer Skyworks Solutions Inc &nbsp;...Microsemi Corporation  Surges Higher on Chip Deal Frenzy - Scibility Media'
p7
aS'Market View: Checking on the Technicals for Microsemi Corporation  Sherwood Daily - 13 hours ago Looking at shares of Microsemi Corporation , the company has an EV  of 8028615. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p8
aS"Microsemi's takeover-appeal observed at RBC Capital Markets Seeking Alpha - Oct 24, 2016 Analysts Mitch Steves and Amit Daryanani rate Microsemi  a &quot;Top Pick&quot; with a $48 target .Microsemi Takeover 'Would Be Early,' But Co. Could Become M&amp;A Asset 'Shortly' - Benzinga"
p9
aS'Earnings Take Center Stage; Analysts Weighing in on Microsemi Corporation ... Aiken Advocate - 3 hours ago Wall Street analysts have a current quarter EPS estimate of $0.73 on shares of Microsemi Corporation . Analysts and investors will be looking ahead to the next company earnings report which is scheduled to be on or around 2017-04-27 for&nbsp;...'
p10
a.