(lp0
S'Microsoft Corporation  Technicals Downward Trend Live Trading News - 2 hours ago Separating lines occurred. If the lines occur during an uptrend  and the first line is black and the second is white  then this suggests that the uptrend should continue.'
p1
aS"Microsoft: Overvalued By Opinions, Undervalued By Mathematics Seeking Alpha - 13 hours ago Microsoft's  stock has risen by 130% in the past four years, it is currently trading at an all-time high stock price, and has a P/E of 30."
p2
aS"EOD Risers: Microsoft Corporation, Nike Inc, Travelers Companies Inc, United ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - 19 hours ago Stock in Microsoft Corporation ticker lookup code:  a technology company, increased 0.36% or 0.23 points during Friday's session."
p3
aS"Microsoft Corporation  Closes 0.09% Up on the Day for March 20 Equities.com - 8 hours ago Shares of Microsoft Corporation  ended the trading day Monday at $64.93, representing a move of 0.09%, or $0.06 per share, on volume of 12.74 million shares.Drilling Down Into Microsoft Corporation  - StockNewsJournalInvestor's Alert: Microsoft Corporation  - Post Registrar"
p4
aS'More Upside Ahead For Microsoft Based On A DCF Analysis Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2017 Microsoft has been known as a good company that generates strong levels of free cash flow. However, shares are currently more expensive based on several metrics than they have been in many years.'
p5
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Microsoft Corporation Motley Fool - Mar 11, 2017 Microsoft  shares rallied 24% over the past 12 months, hitting a historic high and outperforming the S&amp;P 500's 18% gain.Microsoft Corporation  Picks ARM Chips For Its Cloud Servers - Market Exclusive"
p6
aS'LinkedIn Corp  Co-Founder Joins Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 In 2002, Hoffman co-founded LinkedIn, which is now a subsidiary of Microsoft. Prior to that, he was executive vice president at PayPal.LinkedIn Co-Founder Reid Hoffman to join Microsoft Corporation  board - Benchmark Monitor'
p7
aS'Microsoft Corporation : Surface Book 2 May Ditch the Tablet Form Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 When Microsoft decided to take the next step into the hardware game by building its own laptop, it wanted to enter the market with a premium device.Microsoft Corporation  Aims Hybrid Supremacy With the Launch of its Next ... - Smrt Stck NwsMicrosoft  Surface Phone Hits Massive Setback - LearnBonds'
p8
aS"AAA Credit Rating Stocks In Focus: Microsoft Corporation  ValueWalk - Mar 7, 2017 This stellar credit rating is a testament to the strength and stability of Microsoft's business model. Microsoft has delivered incredible total returns over the years, and made Bill Gates  a billionaire many times over. He is the ...AAA Credit Rating Stocks In Focus: Microsoft - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'These Trends Bode Well For Nvidia, Microsoft Benzinga - 18 hours ago According to Chowdhry, Microsoft Corporation  Azure is doubling the size of its GPU farms, re-shaping scale-out applications by implementing Cognitive Tool Kit  based intelligence to its platform and applications.'
p10
a.