(lp0
S'NCI, Inc.  Controller Embezzled Money StreetInsider.com - Jan 23, 2017 NCI, Inc.  announced today that, based upon preliminary findings, it has discovered that its controller, acting alone, embezzled money from the Company.NCI accuses employee of embezzling millions - Washington Business JournalNCI controller accused of embezzling $18M over six years - Washington Technology'
p1
aS"BRIEF-NCI Inc files for non timely 10-K Reuters - Mar 16, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Rosen Law Firm Continues to Investigate Securities Claims Against NCI, Inc. - NCIT GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 15, 2017  -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces it is continuing to investigate potential securities claims on behalf of shareholders of NCI, Inc. resulting from allegations that NCI may have&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of NCI, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 24, 2017 NEW YORK, Jan. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harwood Feffer LLP  is investigating potential claims against the board of directors of NCI, Inc.   concerning whether the board has breached its fiduciary&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Court freezes alleged NCI embezzler's assets as feds open investigation Washington Business Journal - Feb 15, 2017 A circuit court judge in Fairfax County has frozen the assets of a former controller at NCI Inc. following allegations last month that he embezzled millions from the company over several years, court documents filed on Feb. 2 reveal."
p5
aS'NCI, Inc.  CEO Clark Resigns; Successor Named StreetInsider.com - Oct 31, 2016 NCI, Inc.  announced that its board of directors has appointed Paul A. Dillahay as president and chief executive officer, effective immediately.NCI makes abrupt change at the top - Washington Business JournalNCI names new CEO as Clark departs - Washington Technology'
p6
aS'VC Score Review for NCI, Inc.  The Standard - 14 hours ago Checking in on shares of NCI, Inc. , the stock currently has a Value Composite Score of 28. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or overvalued&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"NCI talks a lot about acquisitions. But would it consider a sale? Washington Business Journal - Oct 27, 2016 Reston-based NCI Inc.  hasn't been shy about its intention to make a major needle-moving merger or acquisition, but in Wednesday's third-quarter earnings call, the company entertained the idea of potentially being on the other side of the&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'NCI, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Feb 13, 2017 As previously disclosed on January 23, 2017, NCI, Inc., a Delaware corporation , commenced an internal investigation upon discovering that its former controller, Jon Frank, had been embezzling money from the Company.'
p9
aS"NCI Inc. wins $76.8M task order to help CMS with fraud detection Washington Technology - Jul 28, 2016 NCI Inc.'s subsidiary AdvanceMed has won a $76.8 million task order to provide fraud, waste and abuse detection and prevention activities for Medicare and Medicare claims processed in the Midwest.NCI Wins $76M CMS Program Integrity Task Order - Business Wire "
p10
a.