(lp0
S'Nordson Corporation Cements Another Great Quarter Motley Fool - Aug 23, 2016 Nordson Corporation  released better-than-expected fiscal third-quarter 2016 results Monday after the market closed.Must Watch Stocks for August 22, 2016 - Benzinga'
p1
aS"Nordson Corporation leaving Pulaski, consolidating in Ohio WSLS - Sep 16, 2016 PULASKI  - On Friday, Nordson Corporation announced it's combining its existing screw and barrel operations in Pulaski; Youngstown, Ohio and New Castle, Penn.Nordson Corp. announces plan to combine some operations in Austintown - Crain's Cleveland BusinessCompany announces plan to move into old Austintown warehouse - WKBN.com"
p2
aS"Why Nordson Corporation Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - May 24, 2016 Nordson CEO Michael Hilton called the company's organic growth &quot;outstanding,&quot; giving credit to &quot;ongoing technology, application, product-tiering and segmentation initiatives and by meeting robust customer demand in consumer non-durable, electronics ..."
p3
aS"Nordson Corporation Glues Together a Solid Earnings Beat Motley Fool - May 23, 2016 Nordson Corporation  released fiscal second-quarter 2016 results Monday after the market close. It's apparent the market is pleased, with shares of the adhesive-dispensing company up around 6% in extended trading -- and for good reason.Nordson Corporation | $NDSN Stock | Shares Gap Up On Positive Earnings Numbers - TickerTV News "
p4
aS'Nordson Corp.  Buys Plas-Pak Industries StreetInsider.com - Feb 1, 2017 Nordson Corporation  has acquired Plas-Pak Industries, Inc., a Norwich, Connecticut designer and manufacturer of injection molded, single-use plastic dispensing and packaging products including two-component  cartridges for industrial&nbsp;...Norwich-based Plas-Pak Industries is sold - Norwich Bulletin'
p5
aS'Nordson Corp.  Buys InterSelect GmbH StreetInsider.com - Feb 16, 2017 Nordson Corporation  has acquired InterSelect GmbH a German designer and manufacturer of selective soldering systems used in a variety of automotive, aerospace and industrial electronics assembly applications.'
p6
aS'Nordson Corporation Acquires Plas-Pak Industries, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 1, 2017 Nordson Corporation  has acquired Plas-Pak Industries, Inc., a Norwich, Connecticut designer and manufacturer of injection molded, single-use plastic dispensing and packaging products including two-component  cartridges for industrial and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Nordson Corp.  Acquires Vention Medical's Vention AT Business for $705M StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Nordson Corporation  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Vention Medical's Advanced Technologies  business, a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of minimally invasive&nbsp;...Nordson Corporation Reports Record First Quarter Sales and Diluted Earnings ... - Yahoo FinanceNORDSON CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive"
p8
aS'Nordson Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 16, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017 Nordson Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 16, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.27 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 07, 2017.Nordson Corporation  Upgraded at KeyCorp - The Cerbat GemKeyCorp Upgrades Nordson Corporation  to Overweight - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'BRIEF-Nordson Corp acquires Ace Production Technologies Reuters - Jan 6, 2017 Jan 6 Nordson Corp. * Nordson Corporation acquires Ace Production Technologies Inc to add selective soldering capabilities for electronics assembly customers.'
p10
a.