(lp0
S'South Australia launches new clean energy plan to combat grid black-out issues The Climate Group - 19 hours ago South Australia launches new clean energy plan to combat grid black-out issues. Author: ... The state has now released a new energy plan to improve energy security and continue its journey towards a cleaner energy system. ... Libby Ferguson, States ...'
p1
aS"Energy Systems Catapult and BEAMA formalise Joint Working Voltimum - Mar 16, 2017 In front of more than 100 guests, at the official opening ceremony of the Catapult's office- Cannon House, both Philip New, of the Energy Systems Catapult, and Dr Howard Porter, of BEAMA, outlined the benefits and opportunities that the agreement will ..."
p2
aS"Australians aren't irritated about failing energy policy, they're angry The Guardian - 4 hours ago What used to be the staid old world of power policy has become the hottest contest in politics, as vested interests, their proxies and decision makers slug it out to determine the course and pace of our inevitable transition to a low carbon energy ..."
p3
aS"Green energy in a coal state: the struggle to bring solar jobs to West Virginia The Guardian - Mar 19, 2017 Now, with three employees and a crew under contract, Conant's new passion comes with an audacious goal: bring solar jobs to communities hit hard by the decline of coal."
p4
aS"Pressure mounts on Finkel energy review to consider price on carbon The Guardian - Mar 17, 2017 In its Finkel submission, Australian Industry  group, representing manufacturers and other industries, supported a carbon market mechanism, saying the electricity system urgently needed a clear, efficient and durable climate policy to underpin new&nbsp;...Households abandoning the grid have 'lost faith' - The Sydney Morning Herald"
p5
aS"Bangor University to lead 6m probe into Irish Sea fisheries and climate change Daily Post North Wales - Mar 6, 2017 The Telecommunications Software and Systems Group  at Waterford Institute of Technology in Ireland will research and design new energy networks in collaboration with Cardiff University. Milford Haven Port Authority and Ireland's seafood&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Environmental policies are driving down consumer energy bills, experts say The Independent - Mar 16, 2017 The average consumer has saved 115 a year on their energy bills since the Government committed to legally binding targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, according to a new analysis by the Government's climate change advisers. Annual gas and ...Businesses urge Trump to rethink climate bonfire - Climate HomeOil giants are waking up to carbon bubble risks - GreenBiz"
p7
aS'EBI, Shell sign $25 million partnership to fund new energy tech research UC Berkeley - Mar 15, 2017 The overarching objective is to harness the power of renewable energy sources to develop the fuels of the future, create robust options for energy storage, build capabilities in computational material science and chemistry, and probe the potential of ...'
p8
aS"How Upper Austria is tackling heating emissions through awareness raising and ... The Climate Group - Feb 22, 2017 The new case study is part of The Climate Group's Energy Transition Platform, a global initiative supporting highly industrialized, sub-national governments in accelerating the low carbon transition, and looks at how Upper Austria is activating both ..."
p9
aS'Vattenfall to use BMW lithium batteries for energy storage projects CleanTechnology News, Industry Analysis, Market Research Reports - Clean Technology Business Review - Mar 16, 2017 &quot;We want to use the sites where we generate electricity from renewable energies in order to drive the transformation to a new energy system and to facilitate the integration of renewable energies into the energy system with the storage facilities.'
p10
a.