(lp0
S'Robbins Arroyo LLP Is Investigating the Officers and Directors of Nationstar ... Yahoo Finance - 6 hours ago Shareholder rights law firm Robbins Arroyo LLP is investigating whether certain officers and directors of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  breached their fiduciary duties to shareholders by reporting inaccurate mortgage loan data. Nationstar ...The Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NSM ... - Petro Global News 24Stock Returns: OceanFirst Financial Corp.  is Beating Nationstar ... - CML News'
p1
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc Realized ... CML News - 8 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  has seen its stock price move at an elevated level.'
p2
aS'Nationstar To Pay CFPB $1.75M Over Faulty Mortgage Data Law360  - Mar 15, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. will pay $1.75 million and take other steps after the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau found that data the Texas-based company was required to collect on&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  versus United ... - CML NewsUPDATE 1-Nationstar Mortgage to pay $1.75 mln over loan reporting flaws -CFPB - Reuters'
p3
aS'Nationstar Establishes Subservicing Relationship with New Residential Business Wire  - Jan 30, 2017 DALLAS----Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.   announced today that it has entered into a subservicing agreement with New Residential Mortgage LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New Residential Investment&nbsp;...Citi to Exit Mortgage Servicing, Sell $97 Billion Portfolio - BloombergCitiMortgage Accelerates Close of Mortgage Servicing Business - The MReport'
p4
aS'Air Transport Services Group, Goldman Sachs, Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Times of India - Feb 24, 2017 HIGHLIGHTS * Air Transport Services Group : Imperial Capital starts with an in-line rating * Goldman Sachs : Berenberg cuts to sell from hold * Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc : Barclays cuts to underweight from equal weight Following is a summary of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Nationstar Mortgage  to Pay $1.75M Civil Penalty CFPB Fine for Flawed ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 15, 2017 Nationstar, a nationwide nonbank mortgage lender headquartered in Coppell, Texas, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. With nearly 3 million customers, Nationstar Mortgage Holdings is a major participant in the mortgage&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Nationstar Mortgage Holdings'  CEO Jay Bray on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - May 4, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].Nationstar Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire "
p7
aS"Option Trading: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Winning Short Put ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 We're going to look at a wonderful result using short put spreads for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc by pinpointing earnings risk, and then navigating around it."
p8
aS'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 22, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 22, as the stock gained 1.46% to close at $18.79.Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  likely to see 9% move on its earnings ... - Post Analyst'
p9
aS'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Plunges 7.41% on March 08 Equities.com - Mar 8, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  had a rough trading day for Wednesday March 08 as shares tumbled 7.41%, or a loss of $-1.33 per share, to close at $16.61.Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Receives Average Rating of Hold from ... - Chaffey BreezeHot Stock Update: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  - HugoPress'
p10
a.