(lp0
S'Price Alert: Napco Security Technologies Inc  Stock Nears ... CML News - 13 hours ago Price Alert: Napco Security Technologies Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p1
aS'NAPCO Security Technologies Inc. MarketWatch - Jun 3, 2009 NAPCO Security Technologies Inc. NASDAQ: NSSC. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p2
aS"NAPCO Security Technologies'  CEO Richard Soloway on Q2 2017 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 Greetings, and welcome to the NAPCO Security Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all ... On the call today is Richard Soloway, President and CEO of NAPCO Security Technologies and Kevin Buchel, Senior Vice President and ...Given Its Low Debt-Load, Is Napco Security Technologies Inc  A ... - Simply Wall StNapco Security's net income falls 12 percent - Newsday"
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Control4 Corporation  versus Napco Security ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Control4 Corporation  versus Napco Security Technologies Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Investor Watch: Looking at Shares of Napco Security Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ ... The Standard - 13 hours ago Taking a look at shares of Napco Security Technologies, Inc. , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 57.'
p5
aS"Tracking the Numbers for Napco Security Technologies, Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 9 hours ago Investors may be looking at the Piotroski F-Score when doing value analysis. The F-Score was developed to help find company stocks that have solid fundamentals, and to separate out weaker companies. Piotroski's F-Score uses nine tests based on&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Napco Security Technologies Inc  Upside Stock Technicals at ... CML News - Jan 13, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Napco Security Technologies Inc  . The company has a five bull technical rating which indicates extreme strength.'
p7
aS'NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc.  Issues Earnings Results The Cerbat Gem - Feb 8, 2017 NAPCO Security Technologies logo NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc.  released its earnings results on Monday.'
p8
aS"My Home Starlink App by Napco SecurityInfoWatch - Oct 14, 2012 Now available for Napco's popular StarLink SLE-GSM Universal Radio, is the My Home Starlink App by Napco Security Technologies, Inc.. The App can be downloaded for iPhone/iPad or Droid smart devices, free from iTunes, Android Market or Google Play&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Napco Security net income up 80 percent on recurring fees Newsday - Nov 7, 2016 Napco Security Technologies Inc.'s net income rose by 80 percent in the most recent quarter, due to increases in subscription revenues and sales of school security products."
p10
a.