(lp0
S'Aurora Capital Group Completes Acquisition of National Technical Systems, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 22, 2013 LOS ANGELES and CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 22, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Aurora Capital Group , a Los Angeles-based private equity firm with over $2 billion of assets under management, and National Technical Systems, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p1
aS"National Technical Systems acquires Wyle Labs testing business in Huntsville ... al.com - Mar 19, 2014 A news release announcing the acquisition said NTS Huntsville is the largest independent environmental testing lab in the country and serves the aerospace, defense, nuclear and voting systems industries. The acquisition of the three facilities will ...National Technical Systems Announces Acquisition of Wyle Laboratories' Testing ... - PR Newswire National Technical Systems Acquires Wyle Laboratories in Huntsville, California - whnt.com"
p2
aS'National Technical Systems Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement Proposal at ... PR Newswire  - Nov 19, 2013 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 19, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, today announced that its shareholders overwhelmingly approved the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'National Technical Systems - Investors Have Landed The Sweet Spot Seeking Alpha - Aug 20, 2013 Investors in National Technical Systems  already had a great run, but received icing on the cake after the company agreed to sell itself to private equity firm Aurora Capital Group. Investors who have done their research into this&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'NTS Hires Dr. Vicki Panhuise as President, Testing PR Newswire  - Nov 9, 2015 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, announced today that it has ...'
p5
aS'NTS Announces Acquisition of Chesapeake Testing PR Web  - May 16, 2016 National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, announced today that it has acquired Chesapeake Testing Services (Chesapeake ...'
p6
aS'NTS Adds Reverberation Chamber Test Capabilities at Five US Laboratories PR Web  - Jul 24, 2016 National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, is pleased to announce the completion of the expansion of its EMI testing ...'
p7
aS"Top tech firms fight travel ban Politico - Feb 6, 2017 TECH FIRMS RALLY AGAINST TRAVEL BAN: Nearly 100 tech companies, including several top lobbying spenders, signed onto an amicus brief on Sunday in support of a lawsuit fighting President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration."
p8
aS"Technical Reports on Technical &amp; System Software Equities -- Nutanix ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 In today's pre-market research, Stock-Callers.com turns focus on Nutanix Inc. , Hortonworks Inc. , ACI Worldwide Inc. , and National Instruments Corp. . These Technical and System&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'D-Wave, Virginia Tech Partner to Advance Quantum Computing HPCwire  - Mar 14, 2017 HANOVER, Md., March 14, 2017 - D-Wave Systems Inc., the leader in quantum computing systems and software, and Virginia Tech have established a joint effort to provide greater access to quantum computers for researchers from the Intelligence Community ...'
p10
a.