(lp0
S"NVIDIA Corporation Stock De-Risked By Nintendo Switch Success: Analyst ValueWalk - 14 hours ago NVIDIA stock surged more than 3% during regular trading hours on Monday as analysts assessed the company's Deep Learning Connect event, which was held last week."
p1
aS"Nvidia is Making Moves to Dominate Self-driving Cars Yahoo Finance - 12 hours ago It's been a busy week in the world of self-driving cars, from the Intel Corporation  acquisition of Mobileye NV , to Uber and Alphabet Inc  Waymo high stakes lawsuit.Apple Inc.  Services Revenue To Take Off, NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA ... - Smarter Analyst"
p2
aS"3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Nvidia Corporation , Raymond James ... Investorplace.com - 14 hours ago Stocks are starting the week on a stumble. The reason? Comments various Federal Open Market Committee policymakers are suggesting that whither inflation is not as present as was thought, or that a little inflation is alright with the FOMC's projections."
p3
aS"Gaming Is the Story Now, But Data Centers Are the Future for NVIDIA Corporation Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 NVIDIA Corporation  made 58% of its total revenue from its gaming segment in 2016. The company's graphics processing units  not only bring in the vast majority of NVIDIA's revenues, but they also are the leading GPU in desktops,&nbsp;...Nvidia Corporation  Stock: Your Time Is Running Out - Investorplace.comNVIDIA Corporation  Partners with Bosch for System Based on Next ... - Smarter Analyst"
p4
aS"NVIDIA Corporation's Mysterious Nintendo Switch Chip Exposed Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 For a while now, the investing public has known that NVIDIA  is the supplier of the main applications processor for the Nintendo  Switch console."
p5
aS"Capitalizing On Tech Paradigm Shifts Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 Nvidia  and Advanced Micro Devices  are doomed to obsolescence? That, or they've figured out a new market and returned 200%+ in the last 12 months."
p6
aS"What to Expect from NVIDIA Corporation's Next $1200 Graphics Card Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 Graphics specialist NVIDIA  recently announced a new graphics processor for gamers, called the GeForce GTX 1080 Ti.NVIDIA Corporation  Reveals The New GTX 1080 Ti - FinancialsTrend"
p7
aS'Apple Inc.  Supply Chain Signals Upside, NVIDIA Corporation  Jumps ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Between a robust supply chain abroad for Apple Inc.  and an impressive new collaboration for NVIDIA Corporation  and Bosch, analysts across the Street are betting on these two tech giants. Goldman Sachs and Needham&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"These Trends Bode Well For Nvidia, Microsoft Benzinga - 18 hours ago Trip Chowdhry of Global Equities Research holds an Overweight rating on NVIDIA Corporation 's stock with a 1218 month price target of $125 given strong trends seen both in the company and on a macro level."
p9
aS"Nvidia: Now A Stock For Swing Traders Only Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 At the confluence of fundamental and technical factors, for now and until further notice, Nvidia Corp.  is a swing trader's stock.NVIDIA Corporation  GPU Accelerator Would Drive AI Cloud ... - Seneca Globe"
p10
a.