(lp0
S"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Raises Again: Here's Our Take Insider Financial - 14 hours ago Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  just announced a registered direct offering, and the company is down more than 50% on the news.More Bad News for Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Shares - Street RegisterTraders Observable Stock: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - Is stories"
p1
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : What The Whitebox Agreement Tells Us Insider Financial - Mar 13, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  has been a real tough stock to hold over the last couple of years. It's fallen prey to aggressive short sell type manipulation.Stock Recent Trading Summary: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - Is stories"
p2
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Just Gave Us The Update We Were ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 For a long time, we've kept Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  on our radar. The company has been one of the hardest stocks to read over the last eighteen months, rooted in a clinical hold on its lead asset, and sentiment surrounding its&nbsp;...Northwest Bio Spikes on Lifting of Clinical Hold  - InvestopediaNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Stock current Trends Analysis - TopChronicle"
p3
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. : An Examination Of The Chart For Today ... NY Stock News - 17 hours ago Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p4
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : Here's Our Take On The Latest Update Insider Financial - Nov 18, 2016 Well, here's one for the books. Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  just put out a fresh press release, updating markets as to the progress of its operations."
p5
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Is About To Turnaround Insider Financial - Dec 14, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  shareholders have been waiting for some level of insight into its brain cancer trial for more than twelve months.'
p6
aS"Why Shares of Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc Are Crashing Today Motley Fool - Aug 21, 2015 Take Long View. What: Shares of Northwest Biotherapeutics , a small-cap clinical biotech company with a focus on immuno-oncology, are down more than 16% today on news of a phase 3 clinical trial halt for the company's lead compound.Northwest Bio suspends patient screening in brain cancer trial - Reuters"
p7
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : Heading For A Reversal? Insider Financial - Oct 4, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is grabbing headlines again. The company put out some data at the end of September purporting to a phase 1 trial of its DCVax-Direct treatment, and response has been mixed.'
p8
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  Signs Of Recovery? The Oracle Dispatch - Sep 22, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  is finally showing signs of strength in the past month. This very well could be a dead cat bounce for a stock that's been beat up until recently.Stock Update : Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc Presents Updated ... - Smarter Analyst"
p9
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : What's Going On Behind The Scenes? Insider Financial - Jan 24, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is drawing a considerable amount of what can only be referred to as ridicule right now."
p10
a.