(lp0
S'FNB acquires OBA Financial Services Pittsburgh Post Gazette - Apr 8, 2014 FNB Corp. has announced plans for yet another acquisition, as the Hermitage bank continues to grow by buying smaller institutions.'
p1
aS'Jobs illusion resembles a rabbit caught in headlights Royal Gazette - Mar 10, 2017 The OBA Turnaround Plan will create 2,000 jobs over the next five years by implementing pro-growth economic policies. These 2,000 jobs will come in a range of sectors including construction, hospitality, retail, financial services and international ...'
p2
aS"Robert Ghiz joins Gowling and other legal moves and grooves for June 6 Financial Post - Jun 6, 2016 Poles previously served as general counsel and chief compliance officer for a number of private Canadian wealth management firms, and held senior in-house roles with several global financial services firms. He also practised with two of Canada's ..."
p3
aS"OBA in decriminalisation talks with police Royal Gazette - Feb 1, 2017 The Government committed to doing so in last November's Throne Speech and has initiated consultations with the Department of Public Prosecutions and the Bermuda Police Service to develop appropriate legislation. The aim of the legislation is to&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Report criticises OBA over new airport Royal Gazette - Oct 28, 2016 Earlier the PAC heard once more from Anthony Manders, the Financial Secretary, who said the government-to-government deal with Canada would mean Bermuda foregoing departure taxes equivalent to 2.5 per cent to 3 per cent of overall revenue.'
p5
aS"OBA strikes back at airport plan critique Royal Gazette - Oct 29, 2016 A comprehensive rebuttal to a critique of the Bermuda Government's plans for a new airport terminal has been issued by the Ministry of Finance. The document was provided to The Royal Gazette in response to chartered accountant Craig Mayor's evidence&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'The 31st Jegun Olu Ekun of Ile-Oluji Vanguard - Jun 19, 2016 With core competencies in insurance brokerage and risk management advisory services, Oba Adetimehin belongs to the elite class of Nigerian traditional rulers who are well educated, highly cerebral, and widely travelled.'
p7
aS'Rename Benin Airport Oba Erediauwa Airport  Senate urges FG Nigerian Observer - Feb 28, 2017 In 1952, Late Oba Erediauwa, as young Prince Solomon Akenzua, joined the Colonial Civil Service upon completion of a law degree from the Cambridge University.'
p8
aS'You are no longer a military man  Oba of Lagos tells Buhari Daily Post Nigeria - Aug 16, 2016 Other dignitaries at the event included a former Chairman, Economic and Financial Services Commission, Mallam Nuhu Ribadu; Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu; Obi of Onitsha, Nnaemeka Achebe; President, Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Chief&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Poll: OBA hangs on to slender lead Royal Gazette - Sep 20, 2016 Bob Richards, the Minister of Finance and the OBA's deputy leader, has a performance rating of 25 per cent, up from 23 per cent."
p10
a.