(lp0
S'Office Depot, Inc. Partners with Silverback Learning Solutions Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today announced a partnership with Silverback Learning Solutions, a pioneering K-12 education technology company, to bring districts and administrators&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Office Depot, Inc. Announces New Advertising Agency of Record Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today announced that it has reached a two-year agreement with Zimmerman Advertising, LLC as its advertising and media agency of record.Office Depot, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 01, 2017 - NasdaqOffice Depot Sees Revenue Falling This Year - Wall Street Journal '
p2
aS'Business Management Firm Execution Specialists Group  Receives ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Execution Specialists Group  has been awarded the Office Depot, Inc. Integration Partner of the Year award in honor of its collaborative integration efforts in the merger between Office Depot and OfficeMax.'
p3
aS'Office Depot, Inc. Small Business Index Finds Majority of Small Business ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. , the leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions revealed in its latest Small Business Index survey that approximately three-fourths  of small business owners  indicated they did not ...Office Depot, Inc. reports improved profitability in 2016 - EPR Retail News Stock Price of Office Depot, Inc.  Increases 5.54% - Energy Index'
p4
aS"Active Volume Stock: Office Depot, Inc.  HugoPress - 17 hours ago Loop Capital Initiates Coverage On Office Depot, Inc. 's stock to Hold with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 12/13/16.Stock Returns: Office Depot Inc  is Beating Hibbett Sports Inc ... - CML NewsTrending Stock Alert: Office Depot, Inc.  - TopChronicle"
p5
aS'Trading Sheet: Watching the Numbers for Office Depot, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 13 hours ago Looking at shares of Office Depot, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 3635546. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p6
aS'Office Depot beats profit and sales expectations MarketWatch - Mar 1, 2017 Office Depot Inc. ODP, +2.17% reported Wednesday fourth-quarter earnings that rose to $80 million, or 15 cents a share, from $15 million, or 3 cents a share, in the same period a year ago.'
p7
aS'Office Depot Inc. Q4 Income Advances 69% RTT News - Mar 1, 2017 Office Depot Inc.  released a profit for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year. The company said its bottom line climbed to $59 million, or $0.11 per share.'
p8
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Cedar Fair, Regal Entertainment Group and Office Depot Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/1/17, Cedar Fair LP , Regal Entertainment Group , and Office Depot, Inc.  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends.'
p9
aS"Office Depot  to Report Q4 Earnings: What to Expect? Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. ODP, the leading supplier of various office products and services, is slated to report fourth-quarter 2016 results, before the opening bell on Mar 1. The question lingering in investors' minds now is, whether the company will be able ..."
p10
a.