(lp0
S'Orion Energy Systems: Clear Vision For Big Growth In LED Lighting Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 Anyone familiar with the history of Orion Energy Systems  has known the company to be a huge disappointment to investors since its IPO in 2007, as the chart below illustrates.'
p1
aS'Orion Energy Systems Wins Wisconsin Manufacturer of the Year Market ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  - Orion Energy Systems, Inc., a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, energy-efficient LED retrofit lighting platforms was honored with the 29th Annual Wisconsin Manufacturer of the Year Market&nbsp;...Orion Energy Systems: The Market Is Sleeping On Rapid Growth And Imminent ... - Seeking AlphaWilliam T. Hull Acquires 44851 Shares of Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  Stock - Sports Perspectives'
p2
aS"Orion Energy Systems: Micro-Cap Ready To Breakout Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Orion's last two quarters have been great, yet the stock has not reflected this and remains dramatically undervalued. LED Lighting segment has now grown to the point where declines in the company's legacy fluorescent business no longer matter. Orion ..."
p3
aS'The Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - 2 hours ago Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday.'
p4
aS'Orion Energy Systems Announces Appointment of New Director Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Orion Energy Systems, Inc. , a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, energy-efficient retrofit lighting platforms, announced today that it has increased the size of its Board of Directors to nine, and appointed Ellen B. Richstone ...ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS"Orion Energy Systems'  CEO John Scribante on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Orion Energy Systems Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all ... Except as described in these filings, the company disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.Orion touts domestic manufacturing advantage - Milwaukee Journal SentinelOrion Energy Systems, Inc.  Announces Earnings Results, Meets Expectations - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS'Orion Energy Systems: Big Growth Story Plus Turnaround Underway Near $5 Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2015 LED lighting is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 33% from 2011-2016 and 15% from 2016-2020 as reported by McKensie &amp; Company in &quot;Lighting the Way&quot; 2nd edition 2012. Orion Energy Systems is uniquely positioned to benefit in the move to LED in the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Traders Take Note: Orion Energy Systems, Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - 14 hours ago Take Note: Orion Energy Systems, Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Orion Energy Systems: My Best Pick For 2016 Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2016 While the author has written several articles on Orion Energy Systems , the current article is being submitted in the Seeking Alpha 2016 contest: &quot;Your Top Long Idea for 2016&quot; which will track the performance of the shares for the ...'
p9
aS'Orion Energy Systems  Appointed Lighting Manufacturer for Major Regional ... StreetInsider.com - Jul 5, 2016 Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  today announced that is has been appointed as the lighting manufacturer for a major regional retailer with over 700 locations.Orion Energy Systems adding assembly lines, employees after winning retail ... - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p10
a.