(lp0
S'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Plains All American Pipeline, LP Implied ... CML News - 8 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p1
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Plains All American Pipeline, LP (PAA ... The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago Shares of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.  dropped -1.14% to $31.14. During the trading on 03/17/2017, Company's stock ranged from $31.09 to $31.55.Analysts Set Plains All American Pipeline, LP  Target Price at $31.51 - Chaffey BreezeThe US Capital Advisors Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Plains All ... - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS"Judge gives fishermen the OK to sue Plains All-American Pipeline KEYT - Mar 7, 2017 SANTA BARBARA COUNTY, Calif. - A U.S. District Court judge gave a green light to the first class action lawsuit filed against Plains All-American Pipeline, but the ruling won't allow all the plaintiffs to move forward right now. Leila Noel of the ...55 hedge funds buy Plains All American Pipeline, LP  for the first time - Post AnalystAnalyst Insights on Price Reaction History: Plains All American Pipeline, LP ... - Post Registrar"
p3
aS'Plains All American: Next Stop, Distribution Growth Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 Plains All American has started to turn around, and this was evident from its latest quarterly results. Plains All American appears to be in a better position to sustain its distributions. Moreover, its DCF will likely climb and financial health will ...'
p4
aS'Plains All American Pipeline, LP and Plains GP Holdings File 2016 10-Ks Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.  and Plains GP Holdings  today announced that they had filed their Annual Reports on Forms 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Earnings Guidance on Plains All American Pipeline, LP - Energy Index'
p5
aS'Implied Volatility Surging for Plains All American Pipeline  Stock Options Nasdaq - Mar 16, 2017 Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for Plains All American Pipeline shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company?'
p6
aS"Sell-side is Weighing in on Plains All American Pipeline, LP  Earnings Aiken Advocate - 10 hours ago Investors and analysts will be paying close attention when the company posts earnings results. Earnings numbers can provide insight into a company's overall profitability."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Kinder Morgan Inc  versus Plains All American ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Kinder Morgan Inc  versus Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.  .Traders Secrets on Stryker Corporation , Plains All American Pipeline, LP ... - StockNewsJournalAnalytical Guide for Amphenol Corporation , Plains All American Pipeline ... - The USA Commerce'
p8
aS'Consensus Earnings Estimate for Plains All American Pipeline, LP Energy Index - Mar 10, 2017 Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. Indepth Earnings, EPS and Estimated Revenue Guidance give detailed picture on the performance.Stock Returns: ONEOK Inc  versus Plains All American Pipeline, LP ... - CML NewsAnalyst Research Roundup: Plains All American Pipeline, LP , Skyworks ... - TWN'
p9
aS'HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC Buys Plains All American Pipeline LP, Rice ... GuruFocus.com - Feb 24, 2017 Newton, MA, based Investment company HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC buys Plains All American Pipeline LP, Rice Midstream Partners LP, Tesoro Logistics LP, Enterprise Products Partners LP, Golar LNG, Sunoco Logistics Partners LP, Williams&nbsp;...'
p10
a.