(lp0
S"Is Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Stock  Suitable for Value Investors? Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p1
aS'Penske Automotive Group Donates More Than $1 Million to Paralyzed Veterans of ... PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.,  headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, is an international transportation services company that operates automotive and commercial truck dealerships principally in the United States, Western Europe and&nbsp;...The Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Position Raised by AQR Capital ... - Petro Global News 24Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys Shares of 236100 Penske Automotive Group ... - BNB Daily '
p2
aS'Penske Automotive acquires JLR dealerships in New Jersey Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Penske Automotive Group  announces that it acquired the Jaguar and Land Rover dealerships in Paramus, New Jersey from the Prestige Family of Fine Cars for an undisclosed amount.'
p3
aS"Penske Automotive Signs Agreement To Acquire CarSense PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 Statements in this press release may involve forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements regarding Penske Automotive Group, Inc.'s consummation of the transaction and its future sales and earnings potential. Actual results may vary&nbsp;...Penske acquires used-only dealership group - Automotive News  "
p4
aS'Traders Take Note: Penske Automotive Group Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Take Note: Penske Automotive Group Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Penske Automotive Acquires Jaguar And Land Rover Dealerships In Paramus, New ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 These new dealerships enhance the company's existing portfolio and bring additional scale in the New Jersey/New York metropolitan area to our business.Penske Automotive acquires Jaguar, Land Rover dealerships in New Jersey - Crain's Detroit BusinessAristotle Capital Management LLC Sells 295 Shares of Penske Automotive Group ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS"Stars Align For Penske Automotive's Expansion Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 In both expanding and diversifying its global footprint, Penske Automotive also acquired a 49% stake in Nicole Group, which operates the premier luxury brand dealership in and around Tokyo, Japan. Additionally, Penske Automotive increased its stake in ..."
p7
aS'Penske Automotive Acquires Jaguar, Land Rover Dealerships Zacks.com - Mar 9, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  recently announced that it has acquired Jaguar and Land Rover dealerships in Paramus, NJ from the Prestige Family of Fine Cars.Penske Automotive  Down 4.4% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? - Yahoo Finance'
p8
aS"Penske Automotive Group's  CEO Roger Penske on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Welcome to the Penske Automotive Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay approximately one hour after the completion through February 14, 2017.Penske Automotive  Beats Earnings Estimates in Q4 - Yahoo FinancePenske Automotive Reports Record Fourth Quarter And Full Year Results - PR Newswire "
p9
aS"Penske Automotive Expands Presence In The United Kingdom PR Newswire  - Jan 6, 2017 Statements in this press release may involve forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements regarding Penske Automotive Group, Inc.'s future sales and earnings potential and the ability to consummate the transaction. Actual results ...Penske to buy UK used-only dealership group CarShop - Automotive News  "
p10
a.