(lp0
S'Pitney Bowes Creates New Route for US Retailers to Reach Global Consumers Business Wire  - 13 hours ago LAS VEGAS----Pitney Bowes Inc. , the global technology leader that provides innovative solutions and services powering anywhere-to-everywhere commerce, at ShopTalk 2017 today, launched Complete Marketplace, the&nbsp;...Today Analysts Focus on Pitney Bowes Inc. , Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc ... - StockNewsJournalFeatured Stock to Focus: Pitney Bowes Inc.  - HugoPress'
p1
aS'Can Pitney Bowes Inc.  Reinvent Itself? Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 Market observers like to refer to companies involved in mature or dying industries as buggy whip companies. Pitney Bowes  What is commonly overlooked is that many of these companies, despite their old-fashioned brand image and reliance on&nbsp;...Pitney Bowes Delivers the Future of Global Commerce through its Commerce ... - Business Wire Pitney Bowes to Unveil Commerce Complete for Retail Platform - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Market Focus: Zooming in on Shares of Pitney Bowes Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 11 hours ago Pitney Bowes Inc.  has an EV  of 5758741. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.'
p3
aS"Pitney Bowes' Data Practice to Boost Digital Transformation Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 In its drive to enable businesses to accelerate their digital transformation initiatives, Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI launched a new data practice that helps leverage data and analytics better.Pitney Bowes and Yellowfin to Jointly Develop Visual Insights - NasdaqPitney Bowes Forms a New Data Practice to Drive Digital Transformation Initiatives - Business Wire "
p4
aS"Pitney Bowes' Parcel Sortation Solutions Find Takers in India Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Leading global eCommerce solutions provider, Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI recently gained two new clients - Gati Limited and Flipkart - fortifying its emerging parcel sortation business in India.Adore Beauty Goes Global with Pitney Bowes - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Pitney Bowes, HP &amp;TagG to Develop Novel IPDS Controller Nasdaq - Feb 22, 2017 Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI has entered into an agreement with TagG and HP to develop a new native IPDS  Controller for the Pitney Bowes IntelliJet and HP PageWide Web Press printing systems.Pitney Bowes Celebrates 10 Years of Innovation And Physical and Digital ... - Yahoo FinanceNajarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Pitney Bowes And Union Pacific - Benzinga'
p6
aS'Critical Chart Information For Pitney Bowes Inc.  NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for Pitney Bowes Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p7
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: NiSource Inc. , Pitney Bowes Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 While trading at volume below than average, Pitney Bowes Inc.  previous 52-week high was $20.80 and moved down -31.33% over the same period, trading at a volume of 2.42 million.Stock On the Run: Pitney Bowes Inc.  - HugoPress"
p8
aS'Why Pitney Bowes  Could Be Positioned for a Slump Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p9
aS'Breaking Down: Pitney Bowes Inc  Stock Drop Below Support ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 We can set aside stochastics, this is a one bull rating for a simple reason: Pitney Bowes Inc is hitting a technical breakdown right now.'
p10
a.