(lp0
S'Bank, developer settle multimillion-dollar dispute Louisville Business First - 17 hours ago ... the prosecution, including fraud and breach of the duty of good faith. The case was under review by the Kentucky Supreme Court.Stock Returns: Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  versus Porter Bancorp ... - CML NewsPorter Bancorp  agree to settle in the matter of Signature Point ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p1
aS'Porter Bancorp Announces Settlement Business Wire  - Mar 17, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, today announced that a settlement agreement has been reached in the matter of Signature Point Condominiums, LLC v. PBI Bank, Inc. that had been&nbsp;...PORTER BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS"BRIEF-RMB Capital Holdings reports 9.9 pct passive stake in Porter Bancorp Inc Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 NEW YORK, March 17 Forty House Democrats, led by the party's top member of the House of Representatives Financial Services committee Maxine Waters, voiced opposition on Friday to a U.S."
p3
aS'Chart Watch: Checking on Shares of Porter Bancorp Inc  Davidson Register - 12 hours ago Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for Porter Bancorp Inc  is resting at 0.29. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may ...'
p4
aS'Porter Bancorp, Inc. Appoints Two New Board Members Business Wire  - Sep 23, 2015 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, Inc., today announced the addition of new members to its board of directors.'
p5
aS"Porter Bancorp Announces 1 for 5 Reverse Stock Split Business Wire  - Nov 28, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, today announced that its board of directors has approved a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Shares and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Porter Bancorp Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Aug 10, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Porter Bancorp Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: First Bank  is Beating Porter Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Bank  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS"Porter Bancorp, Inc. Adopts Tax Benefits Preservation Plan to Preserve Use of ... Business Wire  - Jun 26, 2015 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc.   today announced that its board of directors adopted a tax benefits preservation plan designed to preserve the value of certain of the Company's deferred tax assets&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Traders Take Note: Porter Bancorp Inc  Stock Has Droppped ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 Take Note: Porter Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p10
a.