(lp0
S"Why we need an outsider like Betsy DeVos as education secretary New York Post - Jan 31, 2017 Some people complain that President Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, would be quite unlike her predecessors.Trump education nominee opposed by special ed advocates - USA TODAY"
p1
aS"War on Betsy DeVos shows the left hates giving educational hope to poor kids New York Post - Jan 18, 2017 The controversy over the nomination of Betsy DeVos as secretary of education has been, if nothing else, clarifying. We now know that working to give poor kids more educational opportunities is considered a disqualifying offense for the left. For ...Questions and conflicts: Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump's secretary of education ... - SalonDeVos dodges toughest questions about public school plans - Politico"
p2
aS'Business People: Sunday, March 19 TwinCities.com-Pioneer Press - Mar 18, 2017 Life insurance company GWG Holdings, Minneapolis, announced that co-founder and Chairman Paul Siegert is retiring; co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Jon Sabes will serve as chairman and Mark Schwarzmann, former chairman and chief executive ...'
p3
aS'This Army Veteran Wanted to Become a Video Game Animator Slate Magazine - Jul 20, 2016 But the New England Institute of Art is, in fact, another for-profit college, this one part of the Art Institutes chain owned by Education Management Corporation, or EDMC, which, in turn, is 41-percent owned by the giant Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.'
p4
aS"Business Notes Extra Brainerd Dispatch - 17 hours ago Before joining Ruttger's his positions included: corporate franchise operations analyst at Mille Lacs Corporate Ventures, director of continuous improvement at Merit Enterprises Inc., area merchandise coach at Sears Holdings Corporation (Kmart ..."
p5
aS"Energy storage is America's industry to lose E&amp;E News - 17 hours ago Energy storage employed almost 48,000 people last year, according to a Department of Energy census, with some of its biggest footprints in states that President Trump carried in last year's election."
p6
aS"March 13, 2017 People Page The Exponent Telegram   - Mar 13, 2017 KINGSPORT, TENNESSEE - Alpha Natural Resources Holdings Inc. and ANR Inc. announced safety performance for 2016, with five partnering operations in West Virginia honored for safety achievements by the West Virginia Office of Miners' Health Safety&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Meet the company picking up the pieces  of Career Point and ITT ... San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 4, 2016 The closure of three for-profit vocational schools operating in San Antonio this year has been a business opportunity for a competitor in the market that was dealing with declining enrollment at its own educational company. That would be National ...'
p8
aS"David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist and businessman, dies at 101 PBS NewsHour - 6 hours ago I think we were brought up both in what was said, but more importantly what was done by members of the family, to feel that we were exceptionally fortunate in having resources and opportunities that many people don't, and that with opportunity goes&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Latest hacking news heightens cybersecurity concerns Pensions & Investments - Mar 19, 2017 Earlier this month, cybersecurity company FireEye Inc., Milpitas, Calif., and the Securities and Exchange Commission warned of an email phishing campaign against employees tasked with filing 10-Ks and other documents with the SEC.'
p10
a.