(lp0
S'Independent Bank Corp. Announces Completion of Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc ... Business Wire  - Feb 20, 2015 ROCKLAND, Mass.----Independent Bank Corp. , parent of Rockland Trust Company, today announced the closing of its acquisition of Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc. , parent of Peoples Federal&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Civil lawsuit accuses Peoples National Bank and its leaders of racketeering, fraud The Southern - Mar 19, 2017 In a lawsuit filed this past week in federal court, Grand Rivers Community Bank accuses Peoples National Bank and its leaders of usurping control of Grand Rivers for racketeering activities from August 2010 through the present time to the detriment of ...'
p2
aS"Research Reports on Savings &amp; Loans Equities -- New York Community Bancorp ... PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com scans the performances of these four stocks: New York Community Bancorp Inc. , People's United Financial Inc. , Northwest Bancshares Inc. , and Washington Federal Inc."
p3
aS'Heartland Bank, Stung in NY Bankruptcy, Enters Agreement With Federal Reserve Arkansas Business Online - Dec 20, 2016 Heartland Bank of Little Rock and its holding company, Rock Bancshares Inc., have entered a written agreement with the Federal Reserve aimed at improving their &quot;financial soundness&quot; even as a prominent borrower has filed for bankruptcy protection.'
p4
aS"People's United Gets Fed Approval to Buy Suffolk Bancorp Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 People's United Financial, Inc. PBCT, a well diversified financial services company, recently received approval from the Federal Reserve to acquire Suffolk Bancorp SCNB. The all-stock deal was announced in Jun 2016. People's United already obtained&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Federal Reserve Board OK's Huntington acquiring FirstMerit Bank cleveland.com - Jul 29, 2016 The Federal Reserve Board on Friday approved Huntington Bancshares Inc.'s application to acquire FirstMerit Bank N.A.Fed approves Huntington's acquisition of FirstMerit - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p6
aS'ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. Announces Two-For-One Stock Split PR Newswire  - Nov 16, 2016 BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.,  , the holding company for ServisFirst Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a two-for-one common stock split in the form of ...'
p7
aS"Athens Federal, Your Hometown Bank Seeking Alpha - May 6, 2016 In 2009, depositors of Athens Federal Community Bank adopted a plan of conversion from a mutual form to a stock savings bank that would result in all Athens Federal's capital stock being owned by Athens Bancshares Corporation . AFCB offered 100% of its ..."
p8
aS'Federal Reserve OKs First Midwest acquisition of Standard Bank and Trust Chicago Daily Herald - Nov 16, 2016 ITASCA -- First Midwest Bancorp, the parent company of First Midwest Bank, has received approval from the Federal Reserve to acquire Standard Bancshares Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Standard Bank and Trust Company based in Hickory Hills.'
p9
aS"Federal Reserve approves $3.4 billion Huntington, FirstMerit deal Crain's Detroit Business - Aug 1, 2016 The U.S. Federal Reserve Board on Friday approved the $3.4 billion acquisition by Columbus-Ohio-based Huntington Bancshares Inc.  of Akron, Ohio-based FirstMerit Corp. . The approval for the deal, which was announced&nbsp;..."
p10
a.