(lp0
S"Why Pioneer Energy Services Corp.'s Stock Is Sinking Today Motley Fool - Dec 7, 2016 Pioneer Energy Services decided to take advantage of the fact that its stock price has roughly doubled over the past month -- largely due to OPEC's agreement to support oil prices -- to raise cash and improve its balance sheet.Pioneer Energy to sell rigs as part of fleet modernization strategy - Reuters"
p1
aS'Pioneer Energy Services Corp  Given Average Rating of Buy by Analysts Chaffey Breeze - 12 hours ago Pioneer Energy Services Corp logo Shares of Pioneer Energy Services Corp  have earned an average rating of Buy from the eleven ratings firms that are currently covering the company.Stocks Roundup: Pioneer Energy Services Corp. , PacWest Bancorp ... - TopChroniclePredictive Analysis for Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  - The Oracle Examiner'
p2
aS'Pioneer Energy Services beats expectations on revenue despite nine quarters of ... San Antonio Business Journal - Feb 17, 2017 San Antonio-based drilling company Pioneer Energy Services Corp. has endured nine quarters of losses but nonetheless beat analyst expectations for revenue.'
p3
aS"Moody's downgrades Pioneer Energy Services to Caa3; negative outlook Moodys.com   - Mar 3, 2016 New York, March 03, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  downgraded Pioneer Energy Services Corp.'s  Corporate Family Rating  to Caa3 from B2, Probability of Default Rating  to Caa3-PD from B2-PD, and senior&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Weak Earnings Weigh on Pioneer Energy Services Corp's Stock Motley Fool - Jul 28, 2016 What: Shares of Pioneer Energy Services  slumped on Thursday and were down more than 12% by 3:15 p.m. EDT. So what: The onshore contract driller reported revenue of just $62.3 million, which was down 17% from last quarter and 54%&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Pioneer Energy Services Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Nov 1, 2016 &quot;With commodity prices remaining well above the lows seen in the first quarter, demand for our services has continued to improve,&quot; said Wm.'
p6
aS'Calculating the fair value of Pioneer Energy Services Corp  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Does the March share price for Pioneer Energy Services  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p7
aS'Following the Average True Range Indicator for Pioneer Energy Services Corp  Davidson Register - 14 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Pioneer Energy Services Corp  has a 14-day ATR of 0.35. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Pioneer Energy Services Corp. Common Stk  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 28, 2017 Pioneer Energy Services Corp. Common Stk  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 28, as the stock lost 7.89% to close at $5.25.Stock Jumping Abnormally High: Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  - HugoPress'
p9
aS'Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  Stock Support And Resistance Levels USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago With all other things going on, Pioneer Energy Services Corp.  has been on a free fall - declining -23.68 percent in just three months.'
p10
a.