(lp0
S"Here's Why PHH Corporation's Foundation Crumbled on Thursday Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Shares of PHH Corporation , a provider of outsourced mortgage-banking services to financial institutions and real estate brokers in the U.S.PHH Corporation's  CEO Glen Messina on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaPHH Corp.  to Sell Assets of PHH Home Loans in JV Deal with Guaranteed ... - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS"PHH Corporation - Company Sell-Off Rumors Could Yield Solid Gains Seeking Alpha - Aug 15, 2016 Like it or not if you're a shareholder, PHH Corporation is now a pure play in the mortgage servicing business, much like other non-bank servicers like Ocwen  and Nationstar Mortgage ."
p2
aS'Stephen Staid Joins PHH Corporation as Senior Vice President, Servicing Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 PHH Corporation   today announced that Stephen Staid has joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Servicing.PHH adds Stephen Staid as senior vice president of servicing - HousingWire'
p3
aS"EJF Capital is Buying Phh Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, PHH Corporation  is a non-bank mortgage originator and servicer of the United States residential mortgage loans.PHH Corporation Comments on EJF Capital's Intention to Nominate Directors - Business Wire PHH Co.  Stake Held by Ejf Capital LLC - Community Financial News"
p4
aS'PHH Corp.  Sells non-GNMA Mortgage Servicing Rights Portfolio to New ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 28, 2016 PHH Corporation  entered into an agreement with New Residential Investment Corp.  for the sale of its entire portfolio of mortgage servicing rights  and related servicing advances, excluding the Ginnie Mae  MSRs&nbsp;...Why Silver Wheaton, Endologix, and PHH Corp. Jumped Today - Motley FoolNew Residential inks MSR purchase deal with PHH Corp. - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS'PHH Corporation welcomes new SVP Mortgage Professional America - Feb 24, 2017 As we stated during our fourth quarter earnings call, we intend to transition to a capital-light business model comprised of subservicing and portfolio retention services, said Glen A. Messina, president and CEO of PHH Corporation. We are delighted ...'
p6
aS"Flurry of Activity in the PHH Corp. CFPB Constitutionality Case insideARM.com - Jan 4, 2017 Editor's Note: insideARM offices were closed from December 23, 2016 through January 2, 2017 and we did not publish our newsletter.BankThink CFPB Commission Is Essential, Not a Trojan Horse - American Banker"
p7
aS"Trump Administration Files Brief in PHH Corp. v. CFPB Lexology  - Mar 17, 2017 On March 17, the Trump Administration's Department of Justice  filed its amicus brief in the D.C. Circuit's en banc review of the CFPB's enforcement action against PHH Corporation for alleged violations of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures ...In major reversal, US sides with PHH, calls CFPB structure unconstitutional - HousingWireWhat happens when the Justice Department files a brief against a federal agency? - Washington Post"
p8
aS"BRIEF-PHH Corp comments on EJF Capital's intention to nominate directors Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 PHH Corp - &quot;we appreciate ejf capital's input and will continue our dialogue with them and our other shareholders&quot;."
p9
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating PHH ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for PHH Corporation  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .'
p10
a.