(lp0
S'Dai-ichi to Buy Protective Life for $5.7 Billion Wall Street Journal  - Jun 4, 2014 TOKYODai-ichi Life Insurance Co. said Wednesday it will acquire U.S. insurer Protective Life Corp., in the largest purchase ever of a foreign company by a Japanese life insurer.Dai-ichi to buy Protective Life for $5.7B - Birmingham Business Journal'
p1
aS'Protective Life makes several changes in the C-suite Birmingham Business Journal - Jan 5, 2016 Protective Life Corp. has made a number of changes to its executive team, including a new president. The insurance company - one of the largest companies in Birmingham - named Richard J. Bielen president and chief operating officer.Protective Announces Management Changes  Richard J. Bielen Named President ... - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Protective to Acquire United States Warranty Corp. Business Wire  - Aug 18, 2016 BIRMINGHAM, Ala.----Protective Life Corporation  has reached an agreement through its wholly owned subsidiary, Protective Life Insurance Company, to acquire the Pompano Beach, Florida-based USWC Holding Company&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Dai-Ichi's Protective to Buy Genworth Life Insurance Blocks Bloomberg - Sep 30, 2015 Protective Life Corp. is already making good on a pledge to help its new owner, Japan's Dai-Ichi Life Insurance Co., grow in the U.S.. On Wednesday, the Birmingham, Alabama-based insurer said it agreed to buy blocks of term-life policies from Genworth&nbsp;...Protective to Acquire Blocks of Business from Genworth - Business Wire "
p4
aS"Former Wells Fargo exec joins Protective Life's C-suite Birmingham Business Journal - Nov 8, 2016 Moloney, who most recently worked as senior vice president, strategy and regulation for the reinsurance division of Wells Fargo in Charlotte, was appointed to the role on Nov. 7. Protective Life Corp. hired Michelle Moloney as its new chief risk ..."
p5
aS"Fitch Upgrades Protective Life Corporation Ratings; Watch Negative Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2015 CHICAGO----Fitch Ratings has upgraded the ratings of Protective Life Corp.'s  Issuer Default Rating  to 'A-' from 'BBB+' and its senior debt ratings to 'BBB+' from 'BBB'."
p6
aS'Corporate Counsel Awards: David Loper, Protective Life Corp. Birmingham Business Journal - Sep 14, 2012 David Loper may not be looking at the bottom line the way an attorney in private practice would, but he is still thinking of his legal work as part of a business enterprise.'
p7
aS"Dai-ichi of Japan now officially owns Birmingham's Protective Life, Protective ... AL.com - Feb 3, 2015 As a result of the merger, each outstanding share of common stock of Protective was converted into the right to receive $70 per share in cash; Protective common stock has ceased trading. Dai-Ichi was founded in 1902 and sells life insurance in Japan,&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Protective Life buys competitor United States Warranty Automotive News   - Aug 24, 2016 Protective Life Corp., parent company of F&amp;I product provider and training firm Protective Asset Protection, will acquire Unites States Warranty Corp.'
p9
aS"Moody's rates Protective Life Global Funding Program A2; stable outlook Moodys.com   - Oct 5, 2015 New York, October 05, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service has assigned a provisional A2 long-term debt rating to the $5 billion funding agreement-backed global note program of Protective Life Global Funding , a newly organized special ..."
p10
a.