(lp0
S"Fortune Magazine names Pinnacle Financial Partners 34th best company to work for Maryville Daily Times - Mar 10, 2017 It's always an honor to hear our associates say they love working here, and even more so to see it backed up by independent research, Terry Turner, Pinnacle's president and CEO, said in the release. As we've grown from a staff of 34 in a single ...Fortune Magazine Names Pinnacle One of the Nation's Best Places to Work - Business Wire Why this Nashville bank is now one of the country's best places to work - Nashville Business Journal"
p1
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.1% to close at $68.65.The Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Pinnacle Financial Partners  to ... - Petro Global News 24Pinnacle Financial Partners  Stake Boosted by Thrivent Financial for ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS'Pinnacle buys its first out-of-state lender in $1.9B deal Nashville Business Journal - Jan 23, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners announced a $1.9 billion all-stock acquisition of BNC Bancorp on Sunday, giving the Nashville-based bank a footprint throughout North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia.Pinnacle Financial Partners  Announces $175M Offering of Common Stock - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc Risk Points versus Financials CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc  compared to its own past and the Financials ETF.'
p4
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners  Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners logo Pinnacle Financial Partners  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report issued on Tuesday.Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc Price Volatility Hits A Lowered Level - CML News'
p5
aS'Common Share Dividend Yield of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.  Energy Index - Mar 15, 2017 The dividend growth rate of Pinnacle Financial Partners calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 27.02% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.85.'
p6
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Buys 6170 Shares of Eli Lilly and Co  BBNS - 16 hours ago Eli Lilly and logo Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. increased its position in shares of Eli Lilly and Co  by 24.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  versus Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Pinnacle celebrates first Blount County office Maryville Daily Times - Mar 3, 2017 During the grand opening on Thursday, Pinnacle Financial Partners, in cooperation with Fahe, presented a $1,000,000 check to Blount County Habitat for Humanity and Foothills Community Development Corp.Pinnacle opens in Maryville, aids families - Knoxville News SentinelEmerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Has $7215000 Stake in Pinnacle Financial ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Buy ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 8, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners logo Shares of Pinnacle Financial Partners  have been assigned a consensus rating of Buy from the seven ratings firms that are currently covering the stock.Stock Returns: Regions Financial Corporation  is Beating Pinnacle ... - CML NewsThe New York State Teachers Retirement System Acquires 4200 Shares of Pinnacle ... - DailyQuint'
p10
a.