(lp0
S"Piedmont Natural Gas Announces Special Contingent Dividend PR Newswire  - Sep 7, 2016 CHARLOTTE, N.C., Sept. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- At its regular quarterly meeting of the Company's Board of Directors, Piedmont Natural Gas  today announced the declaration of a special contingent dividend on the outstanding shares of its&nbsp;...Piedmont Natural Gas spending on Duke Energy deal nearing $25M - Charlotte Business Journal"
p1
aS'Does The Piedmont Natural Gas Buyout Present An Opportunity? Seeking Alpha - Nov 12, 2015 On October 26, 2015, Piedmont Natural Gas announced they agreed to be acquired by Duke Energy  for $4.9 billion in cash .Will renewables upend the need for natural gas pipelines? - Staunton News LeaderUtilities Buying Gas Pipelines Better Watch Out for Batteries - Bloomberg'
p2
aS"Piedmont Natural Gas agrees to $160M sale of SouthStar stake Charlotte Business Journal  - Feb 18, 2016 Piedmont Natural Gas will sell its remaining stake in SouthStar Energy Services to Georgia Natural Gas Co. for $160 million, subject to Piedmont's own sale to Duke Energy later this year."
p3
aS'Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June ... Nasdaq - Jun 21, 2016 Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on June 22, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.34 per share is scheduled to be paid on July 15, 2016.'
p4
aS'Duke Energy purchase of Piedmont Natural Gas to close Monday Charlotte Observer - Sep 29, 2016 Charlotte-based Duke Energy on Thursday said it has received the final approval it needs from the North Carolina Utilities Commission to complete its $4.9 billion purchase of Piedmont Natural Gas. The two Charlotte companies view the transaction as an&nbsp;...NC regulator OKs Duke Energy-Piedmont Natural Gas merger - WXII The TriadNC regulators approve $4.9B Duke Energy-Piedmont Natural Gas deal - Charlotte Business Journal'
p5
aS'Piedmont Natural Gas  Stock Spikes Following Acquisition by Duke Energy TheStreet.com - Oct 26, 2015 We rate PIEDMONT NATURAL GAS CO  a BUY. This is driven by a number of strengths, which we believe should have a greater impact than any weaknesses, and should give investors a better performance opportunity than most stocks we cover.'
p6
aS"Piedmont Natural Gas' Thomas E. Skains to Retire with Close of Duke Energy ... PR Newswire  - Nov 6, 2015 The Company intends to file with the SEC and mail to its shareholders a proxy statement in connection with the proposed merger transaction.Piedmont Natural Gas CEO Skains to retire - Charlotte Observer"
p7
aS"Duke Energy-Piedmont Natural Gas merger offers stability, diversity, execs say Charlotte Observer - Jul 19, 2016 Duke Energy's acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas will create a company that's more diverse in its operations and more regulated than the current Duke, increasing stable cash flows, company executives said Tuesday. The executives testified before the N ...Duke Energy, PNG Waiting on Approval for Merger - TWC News"
p8
aS"Rates for Piedmont Natural Gas' NC customers go up again Dec. 1 Charlotte Business Journal - Nov 30, 2016 Piedmont Natural Gas residential customers will see rates go up 6.3% Dec. 1 following a 9.5% hike in November. The most recent increase comes in part from an increase in charges to customers for Piedmont's integrity management program, which upgrades&nbsp;...Fuel Supplier Reports 'Tremendous Growth' in Demand for CNG - NGT News"
p9
aS"Done deal: Duke Energy, Piedmont Natural Gas complete $4.9 billion merger Charlotte Business Journal - Oct 3, 2016 Frank Yoho, formerly Piedmont's chief commercial officer, is now the head of the combined company's natural gas operations. That includes Duke's 525,000 natural gas customers in Ohio and Kentucky and Piedmont's 1 million customers in the Carolinas and&nbsp;...Duke Energy acquires Piedmont Natural Gas - WSPA.com"
p10
a.