(lp0
S'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Primo Water Corporation Price Volatility Hits ... CML News - 9 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Primo Water Corporation  has seen its stock price move at an inflection point level.'
p1
aS'Primo Water Corporation Is Turning Around Seeking Alpha - Sep 23, 2013 This article is about Primo Water Corporation . Primo Water has a market capitalization of $65 million. It supplies water dispensers and bottled water in 3-5 gallon containers to fit these dispensers using the &quot;razor/razor-blade&quot; business ...'
p2
aS'The Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co.  to Hold Petro Global News 24 - 2 hours ago Primo Water Co.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday.Primo Water Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comBarrington Research Reiterates Outperform Rating for Primo Water Co.  - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS'Kopin  Reaches $3.94 52-Week High, 2 Analysts Covering Primo Water  Herald KS - 13 hours ago Among 2 analysts covering Primo Water , 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 100% are positive. Primo Water had 5 analyst reports since August 5, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel.'
p4
aS'Prime Time For Primo Water Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 I believe Primo Water Corporation  presents an attractive value due to explosive growth, consumer trends, and outstanding management.'
p5
aS"BRIEF-Primo Water to acquire Glacier Water Services Reuters - Oct 10, 2016 LONDON, March 17 The euro briefly jumped to a five-week high and the bloc's bond yields and banking stocks climbed on Friday as comments from an ECB policymaker prompted investors to price in a high chance of a rate hike by year end."
p6
aS'Primo Water: Making Water Drinkable Seeking Alpha - Jan 24, 2017 Primo Water Corp   is a consumer goods company operating in the beverage industry. Primo differentiates itself by offering a complete water solution unlike their competitors.'
p7
aS'Primo Water Sell-Off Is Seriously Overdone: Original Story Remains Intact Seeking Alpha - Aug 24, 2011 A more recent, similar situation that has caught my attention is Primo Water Corporation . It went public last November at $12, stayed at or above that level for the entire year, did a secondary in June at $11 that was over-subscribed ...'
p8
aS'Intelligent Quant: 3 Reasons Why PepsiCo/Primo Water Is An Interesting Long ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 In this article, I write about a potential money-making market neutral trade that consists of going long PepsiCo, Inc.  at the same time shorting Primo Water Corporation . There are three primary reasons why I believe this is a ...'
p9
aS'PRIMO WATER CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Primo Water Corporation is a provider of multi-gallon purified bottled water, self-service refill water and water dispensers.'
p10
a.