(lp0
S'Is Pioneer Natural Resources Ready To Jump? Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources  has been struggling to break out since August 2016, although over the last year it has enjoyed a gain of approximately 50 percent.Pioneer Natural Resources signs agreement to sell Martin County acreage for $266M - Oil & Gas Financial JournalPioneer Natural Resources to Present at the Howard Weil Energy Conference - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'Zacks.com featured highlights: American Woodmark, Heska, OraSure Technologies ... Yahoo Finance - 15 hours ago Pioneer Natural Resources Company  operates as an independent oil and gas exploration and production company in the U.S.'
p2
aS'Can Shares Of Pioneer Natural Resources Blow Past 52-Week Highs? Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources is a rare independent oil producer to report two quarterly profits  in the second half of 2016, thanks to a low-cost asset base.'
p3
aS'Deals this week: Enterprise Products Partners, Pioneer Natural Resources, Luxe ... Hydrocarbons Technology - Mar 17, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources Company has agreed to dispose approximately 20,500 net acres located in north-eastern Martin County, Texas, US, for $266m.'
p4
aS"Moody's upgrades Pioneer Natural Resources' rating to Baa2 Moodys.com   - Mar 1, 2017 A well-hedged production mix and aggressive cost management should continue generating a leveraged full-cycle ratio well in excess of 1.0x, even in this lower priced crude oil and natural gas environment. Moody's expects that Pioneer will continue to&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Why Pioneer Natural Resources  Could Be Positioned for a Surge Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources Company PXD is an oil and gas exploration and production company that could be an interesting play for investors.Pioneer Natural Resources Company  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 09 - Equities.com'
p6
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Pioneer Natural Resources, McDermott ... Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Pioneer Natural Resources Co. , McDermott International Inc. , Comstock Resources Inc. , Flotek Industries Inc. (NYSE: FTK - Free&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Pioneer Natural Resources: How to Grow Production 15% in a Downcycle Oil & Gas 360 - Feb 23, 2017 The last year proved to be a difficult time for many oil and gas companies, but many were able to prosper even as oil prices hit multi-year lows and began a slow recovery through the second half of the year.'
p8
aS'Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Pioneer Natural Resources Issued By US Capital ... Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Pioneer Natural Resources logo Pioneer Natural Resources  - Analysts at US Capital Advisors cut their Q3 2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of Pioneer Natural Resources in a research note issued on Thursday. US Capital Advisors&nbsp;...Sell-side is Weighing in on Pioneer Natural Resources Company  Earnings - Aiken Advocate'
p9
aS'Pioneer Natural Resources : An Off-the-Radar Potential Winner Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is Pioneer Natural Resources Company PXD. This Oil and Gas - Exploration and Production - United Statesstock has actually seen estimates rise ...Pioneer Natural Resources : An Off-the-Radar Potential Winner February 27 ... - Zacks.comPioneer Natural Resources  Declares $0.04 Quarterly Dividend; 0.1% Yield - StreetInsider.com'
p10
a.