(lp0
S"Intel Corp. and Qualcomm, Inc.: On a Collision Course Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 For years, there has been very little intersection between Intel's  core businesses and Qualcomm's .Better Buy: Qualcomm Inc. vs. Intel Corporation - Bloomington PantagraphHow Intel Corporation's Execution Issues Have Helped Qualcomm, Inc. - Madison.com"
p1
aS"Should Qualcomm Inc. Worry About Xiaomi's New Chips? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm  and Chinese smartphone giant Xiaomi are often considered close partners. Qualcomm became one of Xiaomi's earliest investors in 2011, and all of Xiaomi's flagship devices use Qualcomm chips."
p2
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Reportedly Gaining Chip Share in China Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Qualcomm  is the largest vendor of applications processors used in smartphones today. Though the company's highest-end applications processors, like the recently announced Snapdragon 835 for &quot;premium tier&quot; phones, garner the most&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Will Apple Inc. Completely Ditch Qualcomm, Inc. in the iPhone? Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2017 Analyst Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna  recently put out a note suggesting that Intel  may be able to wrestle away more cellular modem market share from Qualcomm  in future Apple&nbsp;...Intel Corporation  Proves To Be A Threat To QUALCOMM, Inc ... - Traders350'
p4
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Data-Center Chips Get Microsoft Corporation's Blessing Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 Qualcomm  is well known for its cellular modems and mobile applications processors. Sales of such products make up the overwhelming majority of its semiconductor revenues.QUALCOMM, Inc.  Aligns With Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... - Stock Market Daily"
p5
aS'Is Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Stuck In a Bear Trap? Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Qualcomm, Inc.  is really a victim of its own amazing success. Since the mid-1980s, the company has been able to develop cutting-edge mobile technologies that have defined the industry.'
p6
aS"MediaTek's Helio X30 Fails to Beat Qualcomm, Inc.'s Snapdragon 835 Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Its chief rival, MediaTek, has traditionally competed well in the low end and mid-range of the China smartphone market, but it has been less successful in the development of chips aimed at premium smartphones, a market where Qualcomm has enjoyed&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Qualcomm: A View Of The Future Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 Many factors combined to produce the downturn. Among them, regulatory proceedings against the company, legal issues with Apple, Inc. , and legal issues in China. On top of all of this, Qualcomm missed Q1 2017 revenue estimates.Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Won't Escape These Problems Anytime Soon - Investorplace.comBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Merck &amp; Co., Inc. , QUALCOMM ... - The USA Commerce"
p8
aS'Qualcomm: Still Too Much Fear Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Now that a month has passed since Qualcomm  plunged on the combo lawsuits from the FTC and Apple , one needs to review the situation.Qualcomm Inc  Making Stronger Push for 5G Devices Showing Up in 1H19 - Smrt Stck Nws'
p9
aS"Credit Agricole SA Cuts Position in QUALCOMM, Inc.  BNB Daily  - 20 hours ago QUALCOMM logo Credit Agricole S A decreased its stake in shares of QUALCOMM, Inc.  by 18.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .What's New with QUALCOMM, Inc. ? - Post RegistrarThe QUALCOMM, Inc.  Stake Lowered by Baldwin Investment Management LLC - Petro Global News 24"
p10
a.