(lp0
S"Why Deutsche Bank AG  , Rite Aid Corporation  and Kohl's ... Investorplace.com - 9 hours ago The new trading week got started as lethargically as the prior one ended. With nothing new to light a fire under traders, the S&amp;P 500 drifted 0.2% lower on Monday to end the session at 2,373.47.Benzinga's Picks And Pans: BlackBerry, McDonald's, Rite Aid And More - BenzingaRite Aid Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.com"
p1
aS"Rite Aid Kicks Off 23rd Annual Miracle Balloon Campaign to Support Children's ... Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago For nearly 25 years, Rite Aid has been a proud sponsor of Children's Miracle Network Hospitals, said Ken Martindale, Rite Aid CEO of stores, president of Rite Aid Corporation and president of The Rite Aid Foundation. Thanks to the tremendous efforts ..."
p2
aS"Here's Why Rite Aid Corporation Staged a 14% Comeback Last Month Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2017 After a rough start to the year, shares of retail pharmacy chain Rite Aid Corporation  rose 13.9% in February, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Rite Aid Participating In Pharmacy/Convenience Store Slide - Benzinga"
p3
aS"Why Rite Aid Corporation  Stock Isn't a Bargain Trade Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Earlier in March, when it looked like Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc  may not be allowed to acquire Rite Aid Corporation  after all, RAD stock took a hit  a big one. All told, Rite Aid stock is still down 16% for the month, and ...Are Options Traders Betting on a Big Move in Rite Aid Corporation  Stock? - Yahoo FinanceWalgreens Said Poised to Sell More Assets to Win Rite Aid Nod - Bloomberg"
p4
aS"Rite Aid Corporation  vs Walgreens Boot Alliance Inc  Investorplace.com - Mar 10, 2017 Earlier this week, The New York Post reported that Walgreens Boot Alliance Inc  is considering providing the Federal Trade Commission with a certified compliance notice that effectively puts the government agency on the clock forcing them ...Rite Aid: Shareholders asked to vote again on merger - Central Penn Business JournalRite Aid Continues Nose-Dive As Walgreens Takeover Doubts Grow - Investor's Business Daily"
p5
aS"Rite Aid Investors Should Take A Hard Look At The Walgreens Merger Valuation ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 The Walgreens lowered merger price should reflect the value of the Rite Aid enterprise, not Rite Aid's historic mismanagement, which they will immediately correct; the current offer does not!The Clock Is Ticking to Profit From Rite Aid Stock - Motley FoolAnalyst's Indicator Review for Rite Aid Corporation , VEREIT, Inc.  - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS"Why Marathon Oil Corporation , Express, Inc.  and Rite Aid ... Investorplace.com - Mar 8, 2017 The bulls once again gave it their best shot, but on Wednesday, they just couldn't hold the sellers back. The S&amp;P 500 ended the day at 2,362.98, down 0.23% from Tuesday's last trade."
p7
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for Rite Aid Corporation  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Rite Aid Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late.Fundamentals in Focus for Rite Aid Corporation  - The Finance Registrar"
p8
aS'Investor Chatter: Looking at Shares of Rite Aid Corporation  Sherwood Daily - 13 hours ago Looking at shares of Rite Aid Corporation , the company has an EV  of 12385282. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p9
aS'The Charts For Rite Aid Corporation  Is Attracting Massive Attention NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The technicals for Rite Aid Corporation  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p10
a.