(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Hingham Institution for Savings  is Beating United ... CML News - 12 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Hingham Institution for Savings  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p1
aS'United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  Announces Dates for Q4 2016 Earnings ... PR Newswire  - Jan 3, 2017 GLASTONBURY, Conn., Jan. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  , the holding company for United Bank , today announced that it expects to&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating PHH ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for PHH Corporation  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .Brokers Issue New Targets On United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy United Financial Bancorp ... - The De Soto Edge'
p3
aS'United Financial Bancorp Sees Profits Soar To Record Levels Hartford Courant - Jan 24, 2017 The Glastonbury-based parent of United Bank said Tuesday its profits soared to record levels in the fourth quarter, boosted by strong loan growth and asset quality.'
p4
aS'Traders Take Note: United Financial Bancorp Inc  Stock Has ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Take Note: United Financial Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'United Financial Bancorp Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 United Financial Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.41% to close at $17.25.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating Northwest ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Northwest Bancshares Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: LendingTree Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp ... CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for LendingTree Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating Provident ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Provident Financial Services Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Financial ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.