(lp0
S'C-III Capital Partners to Acquire Resource America  in ~$207M Deal StreetInsider.com - May 23, 2016 Resource America, Inc.  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by C-III Capital Partners LLC , a commercial real estate services company engaged in a broad range of activities, including ...Texas firm to buy Resource America for $207M - Philly.comC-III Capital Adding Another Piece with Acquisition of Resource America - CoStar Group'
p1
aS'Resource America, Inc. Appoints Richard Reiss, Jr. to Board CNNMoney - Jan 28, 2016 Resource America, Inc.   announced today that its Board of Directors has appointed Richard Reiss, Jr.'
p2
aS'Resource America, Inc. Makes Strategic Investment in Pearlmark Real Estate Marketwired  - Dec 24, 2014 PHILADELPHIA, PA-- - Resource America, Inc.   announces it has expanded its real estate asset management operations by entering into an arrangement with Pearlmark Real Estate Partners,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Resource America  to Evaluate Strategic Alternatives StreetInsider.com - Jan 29, 2016 Resource America, Inc.  announced that it will evaluate the Company's current strategic position and seek to identify and evaluate strategic and financial alternatives for the Company to enhance shareholder value and capitalize on the&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Resource America Announces Revised Interval Fund Fee Structures Business Wire  - Jan 20, 2017 PHILADELPHIA----Resource America, Inc.  has revised the fee structures of the Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund  and the Resource Credit Income Fund  to&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'C-III Capital Partners Acquires Resource America Commercial Property Executive - Sep 12, 2016 DallasLeading CRE investment manager C-III Capital Partners LLC has completed its acquisition of Resource America Inc., both companies announced late last week.'
p6
aS'Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund and Resource Credit Income Fund ... Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 PHILADELPHIA----Over the next several weeks, two interval funds sponsored by subsidiaries of Resource America, Inc.  will celebrate key milestones, reaching their fourth and second anniversaries, respectively. As the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Resource Capital  Reports Q3 FFO of $0.42; Non-CRE Businesses Being ... StreetInsider.com - Nov 14, 2016 On September 8, 2016, Resource America, Inc., the parent company of Resource Capital Corp.'s  external manager, was acquired by C-III Capital Partners LLC , a leading commercial real estate investment management and&nbsp;...Resource Capital's  CEO Robert Lieber on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'Resource Innovation Office REIT, Inc. Announces Cash Distribution and Stock ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 The REIT is sponsored by Resource Real Estate, Inc., a subsidiary of Resource America, Inc. . Resource is a wholly owned subsidiary of C-III Capital Partners, a leading real estate investment management and commercial property services&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Resource Capital Dealt Another Shareholder Suit Over Loans Law360  - Feb 23, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Derivative lawsuits accusing Resource Capital Corp.'s directors of mishandling a Puerto Rico hotel loan portfolio that prompted a $41 million write-down in August 2015 continued to mount Wednesday,&nbsp;..."
p10
a.