(lp0
S"$7 million Resolute Forest Products lawsuit against Greenpeace must continue ... Financial Post - Mar 10, 2017 Resolute, one of the world's largest forestry multinationals, sued Greenpeace Canada and two staff members in 2013 over the group's campaign against the company's boreal logging in northern Ontario and Quebec. Essentially, Resolute alleges Greenpeace&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"What Does the Canadian Warren Buffett See in Resolute Forest Products? Motley Fool - Jun 23, 2016 Watsa has nearly 12% of Fairfax's equity portfolio in Resolute Forest Products  and owns over 30% of the company. Watsa is bullish on Resolute because its shares are very cheap relative to the cash flow that it generates. I'm inclined to be ..."
p2
aS"Moody's downgrades Resolute's bond rating to B1; raises liquidity to SGL-1 Moodys.com   - Sep 8, 2016 Toronto, September 08, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service,  downgraded Resolute Forest Product Inc's  senior unsecured notes due 2023 to B1 from Ba3 and raised the speculative-grade liquidity rating to SGL-1 (very good liquidity ..."
p3
aS"Greenpeace admits its attacks on forest products giant were 'non-verifiable ... Financial Post - Mar 2, 2017 Peter J. Thompson/National PostRichard Garneau, chief executive of Resolute Forest Products Inc., shows off his wooden bowtie, made in Quebec's forestry heartland of Lac St. Jean.Resolute Forest Can't Escape Suit Over Retiree Health Benefits - Bloomberg BNAResolute Forest Products Inc  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS"Resolute Forest Products sues Greenpeace Reuters - Jun 1, 2016 Resolute Forest Products Inc filed a racketeering lawsuit against Greenpeace and some of its associates for its campaign criticizing the company's forestry practices.Peter Foster: Resolute Forest Products uses mafia laws to go after the eco 'mob' - Financial PostResolute Forest files lawsuit against Greenpeace, alleges group is a 'global ... - The Globe and Mail "
p5
aS"Resolute Forest Product: Buy This Cyclical Commodity Company While It's Out Of ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Resolute Forest Products  is diversified company that sells forest products. It has suffer from years of underperformance that has left the stock for dead.Greenpeace court filing an admission of 'lying,' Resolute Forest Products charges - Montreal GazetteOption Market: Resolute Forest Products Inc Risk Hits An Elevated Level - CML News"
p6
aS'Resolute Forest Products: Not Out Of The Woods Yet Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2016 Resolute Forest Products  is active in the wood products industry through its paper, pulp, tissue, lumber and wood pellets product offerings.'
p7
aS'Resolute Forest Products Is A Sleeping Giant Seeking Alpha - Apr 16, 2016 Resolute Forest Products is a &quot;deep value&quot; contrarian opportunity, with some of the most compelling valuation metrics currently seen in the marketplace.'
p8
aS"Moody's lowers Resolute's liquidity rating to SGL-2; affirms Ba3 ratings Moodys.com   - Jan 19, 2016 Toronto, January 18, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service lowered Resolute Forest Product Inc's  speculative-grade liquidity rating to SGL-2  from SGL-1 ."
p9
aS"Court dismisses 'vexatious' allegations by Resolute Forest Products against ... Financial Post - Sep 2, 2016 Forestry giant Resolute Forest Products Inc. has hit a setback in its high profile, ongoing defamation suit against Greenpeace and two of its activists."
p10
a.