(lp0
S'Reinsurance Group of America Incorporated  Moves Lower on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Reinsurance Group of America Inc is an insurance holding company. The Company provides traditional and non-traditional life and health reinsurance with operations in the United States, Latin America, Canada, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia.'
p1
aS"Reinsurance Group of America's  CEO Anna Manning on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 Good day and welcome to the Reinsurance Group of America Fourth Quarter 2016 Results Conference. Today's call is being recorded.Reinsurance Group of America Inc  Releases Earnings Results, Beats ... - Highland Mirror"
p2
aS"Fitch Downgrades Reinsurance Group of America's  IDR to 'BBB+'; Outlook ... StreetInsider.com - Jul 1, 2016 Fitch Ratings has downgraded Reinsurance Group of America, Inc.'s  Long-Term Issuer Default Rating  to 'BBB+' from 'A-' and the Insurer Financial Strength  rating of RGA Reinsurance Company  to 'A' from 'A+'."
p3
aS'Norges Bank Acquires New Position in Reinsurance Group of America Inc  Sports Perspectives - 14 hours ago Reinsurance Group of America logo Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Reinsurance Group of America Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Iteris  Reaches $5.45 52-Week High; Last Week Reinsurance Group of ... - MoneyMakingArticles'
p4
aS'Reinsurance Group of America Incorporated  Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 Reinsurance Group of America Inc is an insurance holding company. The Company provides traditional and non-traditional life and health reinsurance with operations in the United States, Latin America, Canada, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia.Martingale Asset Management LP Buys New Position in Reinsurance Group of ... - The Cerbat GemThe Menta Capital LLC Has $1195000 Position in Reinsurance Group of America ... - DailyQuint'
p5
aS"3 Reasons Value Stock Investors Will Love Reinsurance Group of America (RGA ... Zacks.com - Sep 27, 2016 This method discovered several great candidates for value-oriented investors, but today let's focus on Reinsurance Group of America Inc.  as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous reasons ..."
p6
aS'MIBW 2016: Anna Manning, president, Reinsurance Group of America St. Louis Business Journal - Aug 12, 2016 Manning is president of Reinsurance Group of America, the Chesterfield-based company that is among the largest global providers of life reinsurance with about $3.1 trillion of life reinsurance in force and assets of $52.2 billion.'
p7
aS"RGA's profit drops as higher expenses hit reinsurer St. Louis Business Journal - Apr 28, 2016 Reinsurance Group of America said Thursday that its first-quarter profit dropped 39 percent compared with last year's period, to $76.5 million, as higher operating expenses and lower investment income hurt the Chesterfield-based company."
p8
aS'Reinsurance Group of America Inc  Director Sells $240315.48 in Stock Chaffey Breeze - Mar 9, 2017 Reinsurance Group of America logo Reinsurance Group of America Inc  Director J Cliff Eason sold 1,854 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 3rd.The Denver Investment Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Reinsurance ... - DailyQuint'
p9
aS"Reinsurance Group names new CFO St. Louis Business Journal - Mar 8, 2016 Reinsurance Group of America Inc. named Todd Larson senior executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective May 1. Larson, 52, currently RGA's executive vice president and chief risk officer, will succeed Jack Lay.RGA Names Todd Larson as Chief Financial Officer; Jack Lay to Retire at End of ... - Business Wire RGA Names Todd Larson Finance Chief as Jack Lay Will Retire - Bloomberg"
p10
a.