(lp0
S'Regal Entertainment Group Announces Grand Opening Festivities for Regal ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 KNOXVILLE, Tenn., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Regal Entertainment Group, a leading motion picture exhibitor owning and operating one of the largest theatre circuits in the United States, is celebrating the grand opening of Regal Crossroads 14 &amp; RPX ...'
p1
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Cedar Fair, Regal Entertainment Group and Office Depot Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/1/17, Cedar Fair LP , Regal Entertainment Group , and Office Depot, Inc.  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends.Shares of Regal Entertainment Group  Climbs 0.7% - Energy IndexBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Regal Entertainment Group , Yelp ... - The USA Commerce'
p2
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Regal Entertainment Group , Portola ... StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Regal Entertainment Group  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 8.15 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;...Regal Entertainment Group - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSStocks to Watch -Hope Bancorp Inc , Regal Entertainment Group ... - Daily News Journal"
p3
aS"Regal Entertainment Group to Participate at Investor Conference in Florida Business Wire  - Feb 21, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group  operates one of the largest and most geographically diverse theatre circuits in the United States, consisting of 7,267 screens in 561 theatres in 42 states along with Guam, Saipan, American Samoa and the District ...Analyst's Predictions on Brinker International, Inc. , Regal ... - StockNewsJournal"
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Regal Entertainment Group  is Beating AMC ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc  versus Regal Entertainment Group  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...Regal Entertainment Group  Stake Boosted by Allianz Asset Management AG - BNB Daily EPS Of Regal Entertainment Group  Forecasted At $0.3867 - Markets Daily'
p5
aS'Shares of Regal Entertainment Group  Sees Large Outflow of Money Energy Index - Mar 14, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group  traded higher in the last at $22.81, gaining 0.02 points or 0.09%. From the data available, it can be said that the stock did not make an impact in the money flow department with the net figure coming to be $ million.What Analysts are Predicting For Regal Entertainment Group , Graphic ... - The USA Commerce'
p6
aS"Traders Secrets on Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. , Regal Entertainment ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 8.15, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Regal Entertainment Group  Payout At $0.22 A Share - Equities Focus"
p7
aS'Is Regal Entertainment Group  Sell Now? ClickLancashire - Mar 17, 2017 The analysts offering 12 month price targets for Regal Entertainment Group have a median target of $24, with a high estimate of $31 and a low estimate of $19.Zacks Rank on Regal Entertainment Group  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland MirrorMedian Target Of Regal Entertainment Group  At $24.18 - Markets Daily'
p8
aS'Consensus Earnings Estimate for Regal Entertainment Group Energy Index - Mar 10, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group Indepth Earnings, EPS and Estimated Revenue Guidance give detailed picture on the performance.'
p9
aS"Looking at the Tea Leaves for Regal Entertainment Group  The USA Commerce - Mar 10, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Regal Entertainment Group , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.