(lp0
S'Energy Transfer to Buy Regency Energy in $11 Billion Deal Bloomberg - Jan 26, 2015 Energy Transfer Partners LP agreed to buy Regency Energy Partners LP, a pipeline company it controls, streamlining the organization at a time of plunging oil and natural gas prices.'
p1
aS"Moody's upgrades Regency Energy Partners to Baa3 Moodys.com   - May 2, 2015 New York, May 01, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service  upgraded the senior unsecured notes rating for Regency Energy Partners LP  to Baa3 from Ba3. Moody's withdrew Regency's Ba2 Corporate Family Rating , its Ba2-PD&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Energy Transfer Partners, Regency Energy Partners to Combine Wall Street Journal - Jan 26, 2015 Natural gas and pipeline companies Energy Transfer Partners LP and Regency Energy Partners LP agreed to combine in a cash and common unit deal that values Regency at about $11 billion and is expected to provide a broader footprint in Texas, as well&nbsp;...Regency Energy Partners  Stock Higher Today on Merger Deal With Energy ... - TheStreet.comMoody's reviews Regency Energy for upgrade, affirms Energy Transfer Partners ... - Moodys.com  "
p3
aS"Must-know: An overview of Regency Energy Partners Market Realist - Sep 9, 2014 In the next parts of the series we'll look at how all the companiesRGP, Energy Transfer Partners , and Sunoco Logistics fared in the second quarter."
p4
aS'Energy Transfer acquires Regency Energy Partners for $18 billion Market Realist - Feb 3, 2015 On January 26, 2015, Energy Transfer Partners , one of the largest midstream energy companies in the US, announced its intent to acquire Regency Energy Partners LP , another midstream operator. The transaction is expected to close in 2Q&nbsp;...Deal Talk: Energy Transfer Partners LP Buys Regency Energy Partners LP - Seeking Alpha '
p5
aS'Investor Lawsuit Against Acquisition of Regency Energy Partners LP (RGP ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 5, 2015 SAN DIEGO, Feb. 5, 2015  -- The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. announces that an investor, who currently holds units of Regency Energy Partners LP , filed a lawsuit in effort to stop the proposed takeover of Regency Energy&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Regency Energy Partners to Acquire Southern Union Gathering Company, LLC for ... Business Wire  - Feb 28, 2013 DALLAS----Regency Energy Partners LP  today announced it will acquire Southern Union Gathering Company, LLC, the owner of Southern Union Gas Services, Ltd.'
p7
aS'Regency Energy Buys Texas Pipeline Systems for $1 Billion Bloomberg - Dec 23, 2013 Regency Energy Partners LP, a pipeline partnership controlled by Energy Transfer Equity LP, agreed to buy two midstream units for about $1 billion to expand in Texas, where crude production has surged.Oil and gas: Midstream asset acquisition for Regency Energy Partners - PennEnergy '
p8
aS'GE to buy stake in Regency Energy for $603 mln Reuters - Jun 19, 2007 N) energy unit will pay $603 million for a controlling stake in Regency Energy Partners LP RGNC.O, an owner of natural gas pipelines and processing equipment.'
p9
aS"Regency to Buy Gas Processor PVR for About $3.88 Billion Bloomberg - Oct 10, 2013 Regency Energy Partners LP, a pipeline partnership controlled by billionaire Kelcy Warren's Energy Transfer Equity LP, agreed to buy PVR Partners LP for about $3.88 billion in stock and cash to expand its natural gas transport and processing capabilities.The Deal: Regency Energy Pays Premium for PVR - TheStreet.com"
p10
a.