(lp0
S"3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Nvidia Corporation , Raymond James ... Investorplace.com - 12 hours ago Stocks are starting the week on a stumble. The reason? Comments various Federal Open Market Committee policymakers are suggesting that whither inflation is not as present as was thought, or that a little inflation is alright with the FOMC's projections.Average Brokerage Rating Of Amgen Inc. , Raymond James Financial, Inc.  - The USA CommerceTaking a Look at the Data Behind Raymond James Financial, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS'Raymond James moves into benchmark stock index Tampa Bay Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 Raymond James , a St. Petersburg-based financial services firm, becomes just the second company headquartered in Tampa Bay to be on the S&amp;P 500.Raymond James Wins Biggest Deal on $15 Billion Mobileye Sale - BloombergRaymond James Financial, Inc. , Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX ... - The USA Commerce'
p2
aS"Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - Mar 19, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Outperform rating on Aecon Group  with a price target of C$19.00.The Aecon Group's  Outperform Rating Reiterated at Raymond James ... - Petro Global News 24ECN Capital Corp  Receives Outperform Rating from Raymond James Financial ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p3
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Initiates Coverage On Cantel ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. initiated coverage on Cantel Medical Corp.  with a Mkt Perform . There are 1 hold rating, 1 buy rating on the stock.Cantel Medical Corp. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p4
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Lowers Its Price Target On ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered its price target on Rocky Mountain Dealerships  to C$11.50 per share.Rocky Mountain Dealerships Inc.  Price Target Cut to C$11.50 by Analysts ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS'Raymond James loses $762000 penny stock arbitration claim InvestmentNews - Mar 1, 2017 Raymond James &amp; Associates is the employee broker-dealer arm of Raymond James Financial Inc., the holding company that acquired Morgan Keegan &amp; Co.'
p6
aS'Dermira Inc  Coverage Initiated at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Dermira logo Equities research analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. started coverage on shares of Dermira Inc  in a research report issued on Thursday.The Dermira Inc  Earns Underperform Rating from Analysts at Raymond ... - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Lowers Its Price Target On ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered its price target on Penn West Petroleum Ltd  to C$2.75 per share. There are 1 sell rating, 6 hold ratings, 3 buy ratings on the stock.Penn West Petroleum Ltd  Given New C$2.75 Price Target at Raymond James ... - The Cerbat GemPenn West Petroleum Ltd  Price Target Lowered to C$2.75 at Raymond James ... - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS'Trinidad Drilling Ltd.  PT Set at C$4.10 by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Trinidad Drilling logo Trinidad Drilling Ltd.  has been assigned a C$4.10 price target by equities research analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. in a research note issued on Thursday. The brokerage currently has an outperform rating on ...The Raymond James Financial, Inc. Analysts Give Trinidad Drilling Ltd.  a ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'The Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Bird ... Petro Global News 24 - 6 hours ago Raymond James Financial, Inc. restated their market perform rating on shares of Bird Construction Inc  in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday morning.Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Bird ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.