(lp0
S"RealD 3D: the technology behind the 3D movie blockbusters iNews - Mar 18, 2017 RealD is the company behind the vast majority of the world's 3D films, producing technology to trick our eyes into perceiving projected the images as three-dimensional, or leaping out of the screen at us."
p1
aS'RealD Acquires MasterImage 3D Technology Hollywood Reporter - Feb 24, 2017 RealD has acquired the assets and 3D technology of MasterImage. Deals of the transaction were not revealed. In making the announcement, RealD stated Thursday that the acquisition follows several RealD patent infringement victories against MasterImage.RealD Acquires MasterImage 3D Assets And Technology - PR Newswire '
p2
aS'RealD wants to make glasses-free 3D a reality the Irish News - Jan 24, 2017 The name RealD will most likely be familiar to you through the world of 3D movies and the visual technology firm has plans to up the ante in the coming years.'
p3
aS"RealD Joins With Cinemark, Regal, And Marcus Theatres For Company's Largest ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 BEVERLY HILLS, Calif., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- RealD, the world's leading 3D cinema system provider, has joined with Regal, Cinemark, and Marcus Theatres for its largest ever promotional program to support the 3D presentation of Disney's highly&nbsp;...Win Family Four Pack Of Passes To The Advance Screening Of BEAUTY AND THE ... - We Are Movie Geeks"
p4
aS"RealD to sell company to Rizvi Traverse for $551 million Los Angeles Times - Nov 9, 2015 Struggling 3-D cinema technology company RealD Inc. said it had reached a deal to sell the company to Rizvi Traverse Management for $551 million.RealD's Search For A Buyer Lands $551M Deal With Rizvi Traverse Management - DeadlineRealD Reaches Agreement to be Acquired by Rizvi Traverse for $11 Per Share in Cash - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Starboard offers to take RealD private for $12 per share Reuters - Oct 2, 2014 Activist investor Starboard Value LP said on Wednesday it had offered to acquire the remaining shares in RealD Inc RLD.N after raising its stake in the 3D technology licensor.Starboard Value makes bid to acquire RealD - Los Angeles TimesThe Hedge Fund Going After Olive Garden Wants To Buy A Company That Makes 3D ... - Business Insider'
p6
aS"RealD Finalizes $551 Million Buyout Los Angeles Business Journal - Mar 23, 2016 Note: This story has been updated to correct the description of RealD's products and include comments from analyst Eric Wold."
p7
aS"RealD, Wanda Cinema Line expand 3D alliance Screen International - Aug 1, 2016 RealD and Wanda Cinema Line Corporation have agreed to expand their relationship - begun in 2010 - by committing to equip 5,600 screens throughout China with RealD's projection technology. Wanda will instal at least 4,000 RealD 3D projection systems&nbsp;...Wanda Cinemas Tap RealD In Largest 3D Installation In Format History - DeadlineRealD, Wanda Strike New Pact to Bring 3D to More Theaters in China - Hollywood Reporter"
p8
aS'RealD, Shanghai Redstar Macalline Building More Chinese Premium Cinemas ... Deadline - Dec 7, 2016 Global 3D and VFX company RealD and Shanghai Redstar Macalline Pictures Development Co. have signed a deal to add 11 ultra premium auditoriums to its Redstar Macalline Cinemas.RealD and Shanghai Redstar Macalline Sign Deal to add 11 &quot;LUXE: A RealD ... - PR Newswire '
p9
aS"Travis Reid Surfaces As COO At RealD Deadline - Oct 4, 2016 Travis Reid, who was head of distribution at Broad Green Pictures before exiting that company last month, has joined RealD as the 3D company's Chief Operating Officer where he will oversee all operations.Travis Reid Joins RealD as COO - Hollywood ReporterTravis Reid Named RealD Chief Operating Officer - Yahoo Movies "
p10
a.