(lp0
S'Retail Properties Of America, Inc. To Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 OAK BROOK, Ill., March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Retail Properties of America, Inc.   today announced that it will release financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017, after the market closes on Tuesday, May 2 ...'
p1
aS'Retail Properties of America Becomes Oversold Nasdaq - Mar 8, 2017 But making Retail Properties of America, Inc an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Wednesday, shares of RPAI entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $14.305 per share.'
p2
aS'Zacks Investment Research Lowers Retail Properties of America Inc  to Hold The Cerbat Gem - 14 hours ago Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Retail Properties of America Inc  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Wednesday morning.Most Active Volume Stock: Retail Properties of America, Inc.  - HugoPressInvestors Spotlight: Retail Properties of America, Inc.  - Normangee Star'
p3
aS'Decision Time: Retail Properties of America Inc  Stock Technicals ... CML News - 12 hours ago Decision Time: Retail Properties of America Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p4
aS'The Charts Expose On Retail Properties of America, Inc.  Is Causing A Stir NY Stock News - 16 hours ago The technicals for Retail Properties of America, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p5
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Retail Properties of America, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Retail Properties of America, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Stock Perspective: Retail Properties of America, Inc.  Earnings in View Aiken Advocate - 5 hours ago Sell-side analysts are currently looking for Retail Properties of America, Inc.  to post quarterly EPS of $0.25.'
p7
aS"Retail Properties of America Inc. Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - Mar 9, 2017 Retail Properties of America Inc. Class A  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 09, as the stock lost 2.42% to close at $14.13.What Analysts are Predicting For Retail Properties of America, Inc. , SM ... - The USA CommerceTrader's Watch List: Retail Properties of America, Inc.  - TopChronicle"
p8
aS"Retail Properties of America, Inc.  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Retail Properties of America, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'Checking the Overall Picture for Retail Properties of America, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 15, 2017 Retail Properties of America, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Financial space, with a focus on REIT - Retail.Unusual Volume Spikes For: Retail Properties of America, Inc.  - HugoPressWhat Analysts are Predicting For Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI ... - The USA Commerce'
p10
a.