(lp0
S"RPM International Inc. makes another acquisition Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 4, 2017 Medina-based RPM International Inc.  has acquired the foam division of Clayton Corp. for an undisclosed amount, according to a news release.RPM International Takes Charges, Cuts Earnings Guidance - Motley FoolRPM International shares fall on bigger-than-expected quarterly loss - Akron Beacon Journal"
p1
aS"RPM International Inc. Paints Some Pretty Nice Results Motley Fool - Jul 28, 2016 That was clear in RPM International's  fiscal fourth-quarter report, which saw FX gobble up organic growth gains in two of its three segments.RPM posts record sales and profits for 4th quarter and 2016 fiscal year - cleveland.com"
p2
aS"Charles Ratner retires from RPM International Inc. board Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 25, 2017 Specialty coatings company RPM International Inc.  of Medina announced that Charles A. Ratner, 75, has retired from its board of directors after almost 12 years of service."
p3
aS"RPM International Inc. to buy Georgia-based Prime Resins Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 17, 2017 Medina-based RPM International Inc.  continues to make the start of 2017 a big one for acquisitions. The company announced on Tuesday, Jan. 17, that it has bought Conyers, Ga.RPM Acquires Manufacturer of Specialty Chemicals for the Infrastructure Industry - PR Newswire "
p4
aS'RPM Acquires Two Companies with Combined Annual Net Sales of $42 Million PR Newswire  - Jan 4, 2017 MEDINA, Ohio, Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- RPM International Inc.  today announced that it has acquired two businesses, a manufacturer of commercial floor cleaning equipment and chemicals, and a manufacturer of specialty chemical raw&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: RPM International Inc Implied Price Swing ... CML News - 11 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that RPM International Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p6
aS"RPM International to buy Dutch company SPS Group Crain's Cleveland Business - Dec 22, 2016 The company announced on Wednesday, Dec. 21, that is has signed an agreement to buy coatings company SPS Group of The Netherlands.RPM to acquire Dutch specialty coatings company SPS Group - cleveland.com"
p7
aS'Stock Returns: RPM International Inc  versus The Sherwin-Williams ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for RPM International Inc  versus The Sherwin-Williams Company  .'
p8
aS'RPM Signs Agreement to Acquire Leading Dutch Coatings Company PR Newswire  - Dec 21, 2016 MEDINA, Ohio, Dec. 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- RPM International Inc.  today announced that it has signed an agreement to acquire SPS Group , a Dutch decorative and specialty coatings company with annual net sales of approximately&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"US Securities and Exchange Commission alleges accounting fraud at RPM ... Crain's Cleveland Business - Sep 12, 2016 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has charged Medina-based specialty coatings and sealants company RPM International Inc. and its general counsel with accounting fraud. RPM's CEO, Frank C. Sullivan, responded with a statement that said&nbsp;...RPM International says SEC allegations of fraud about its fiscal 2013 ... - cleveland.com"
p10
a.