(lp0
S'Citrus Harissa Salmon Burger and Sear-ious Salmon Run to Red Robin Gourmet ... PR Newswire  - 16 hours ago Guests flocking to Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews this spring can experience a fresh, Lent-friendly menu lineup featuring the Citrus Harissa Salmon burger, Sear-ious Salmon entre and new Spicy Sriracha Shrimp appetizer for a limited-time ...Stock Returns: El Pollo Loco Holdings Inc  versus Red Robin ... - CML NewsRed Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.  Position Held by New York State ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS"Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews is Two Weeks Away from Opening its Newest ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 GREENWOOD VILLAGE, Colo., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Alert your taste buds! Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.  is two weeks away from bringing craveable gourmet burgers to Albuquerque, N.M.Red Robin Named to AllergyEats' Top 10 Most Allergy-Friendly Restaurant Chains ... - Yahoo FinanceRed Robin  Set to Expand in New Mexico with New Outlet - Nasdaq"
p2
aS"Marmaduke Burger Named Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews' Best of the Bash ... PR Newswire  - Feb 25, 2017 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. , a casual dining restaurant chain founded in 1969 that operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Red Robin International, Inc., and under the trade name, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews,&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews to Showcase 'The 305 Burger' and 'IPArin ... PR Newswire  - Feb 7, 2017 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. , a casual dining restaurant chain founded in 1969 that operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Red Robin International, Inc., and under the trade name, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews,&nbsp;...Red Robin Honors Super Heroes of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital - Satellite PR News "
p4
aS'Why Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Fell 11% in September Motley Fool - Oct 9, 2016 Shares of casual dining restaurant chain Red Robin Gourmet Burgers  fell 10.6% in September 2016, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p5
aS'Red Robin Gourmet Burgers to open at Hanes Mall in 2017 Winston-Salem Journal - Dec 6, 2016 Construction is underway on a Red Robin Gourmet Burgers full-service restaurant at Hanes Mall. Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc., a casual dining restaurant chain based in Greenwood Village, Colo., is building the restaurant on Hanes Mall Circle between&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Red Robin Gourmet Burgers  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Denny Marie Post of Red Robin. Please go ahead, Ms. Post. Denny Marie Post - Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Thank you, Diana. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for choosing to be on the call today."
p7
aS'Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.47% to close at $53.25.Brokers Add To Their Ratings On Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.  - NewsDen'
p8
aS"Red Robin  Tops Q4 Earnings, Lags Sales; Gives View Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 Red Robin has a Zacks Rank #3 . Better-ranked stocks in this sector include Dave &amp; Buster's Entertainment, Inc. PLAY, Potbelly Corporation PBPB and Darden Restaurants, Inc. DRI. While Dave &amp; Buster's and Potbelly sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Reports Final Results for the Fiscal Fourth Quarter ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., , a casual dining restaurant chain serving an innovative selection of high-quality gourmet burgers in a family-friendly atmosphere, today reported financial results for the quarter and year ended December 25, 2016.'
p10
a.