(lp0
S'Revolution Lighting Technologies Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 ... Marketwired  - Mar 9, 2017 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  , a leading provider of advanced LED lighting solutions, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter  and ...Is Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  Financially Strong Enough To ... - Simply Wall St'
p1
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Announces Philanthropic Partnership with ... Marketwired  - Mar 13, 2017 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies , a leader in advanced LED lighting technology solutions, today announced that it has recently secured a philanthropic partnership with Mercy Ships, a ...Revenue Update on Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc - Energy Index'
p2
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing, and sale of LED lighting solutions focusing on the industrial, commercial and government markets in the United States, Canada, and internationally.'
p3
aS'Revolution Lighting Technology is a roll-up in the LED lighting business with ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 17, 2016 Revolution Lighting Technologies  is an LED lighting company with a broad product portfolio that has been built through a series of acquisitions over the last 8 years.'
p4
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  Shares Showing Upward Momentum Business Review - 16 hours ago Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  has ended in the black for consecutive sessions, indicating strong upward momentum.Erratic Trading Showing Unusual Volume in Shares of Revolution Lighting ... - Melville ReviewInvestors Alert: Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:RVLT ... - KC Register'
p5
aS'Why Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc. Stock Surged 407% This Year, and ... Motley Fool - Dec 24, 2013 Revolution Lighting is still a tiny player, with a market cap of under $300 million, compared to the more than $4 billion market cap that the other two companies boast of.'
p6
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Is Growing Rapidly And Significantly ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 27, 2016 Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing, and sale of LED lighting solutions focusing on the industrial, commercial and government markets in the United States, Canada, and internationally.'
p7
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  Valuation in Focus Business Review - Mar 18, 2017 The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p8
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. Acquires Energy Source, LLC, Advancing ... Business Wire  - Aug 5, 2015 STAMFORD, Conn.----Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  , a global provider of advanced LED lighting solutions, today announced it has acquired Energy Source, LLC, a turnkey provider of LED&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies awarded $4M as part of recent public ... LEDs Magazine - Feb 23, 2017 STAMFORD, CT - Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  , a global provider of advanced LED lighting solutions, announced that it has recently secured LED lighting contracts totaling approximately $4 million ...'
p10
a.