(lp0
S"Standard Pacific Corp. and The Ryland Group, Inc. Merge to Create CalAtlantic ... PR Newswire  - Oct 1, 2015 IRVINE, Calif., Oct. 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Standard Pacific Corp.  and The Ryland Group, Inc. , two of the nation's premier homebuilders, today announced the closing of their merger of equals transaction and the launch of their&nbsp;...Standard Pacific , Ryland Group  to Merge; Will Launch CalAtlantic ... - StreetInsider.comQ&amp;A With CalAtlantic Group Inc. CEO Larry Nicholson: Merger Is 'The Beginning ... - International Business Times"
p1
aS'Standard Pacific Corp. and The Ryland Group, Inc. Announce Merger of Equals ... PR Newswire  - Jun 15, 2015  and The Ryland Group, Inc.  today jointly announced that their respective boards of directors have unanimously approved a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Standard Pacific and Ryland will combine in a merger of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Builders Standard Pacific, Ryland Jump After Merger Deal Bloomberg - Jun 15, 2015 Shares of Standard Pacific Corp. and Ryland Group Inc. jumped after the Southern California homebuilders said they would combine, a deal giving them greater scale and opportunities to capitalize on the housing recovery.Homebuilders Standard Pacific, Ryland Group to merge - ReutersRyland Group  Stock Rose Following Merger With Standard Pacific - TheStreet.com'
p3
aS"With merger closed, home builders Standard Pacific and Ryland to cut jobs Los Angeles Times - Oct 1, 2015 Southern California home builders Standard Pacific Corp. and Ryland Group Inc. expect to lay off about 10% of their newly combined workforce after the companies' $5.2-billion merger closed Thursday.Matlinpatterson Global Advisers Llc increased Position in Standard Pacific ... - OctaFinance.com"
p4
aS'The Ryland Group Announces an Agreement to Acquire the Operations of LionsGate ... Business Wire  - May 10, 2013 WESTLAKE VILLAGE, Calif.----The Ryland Group, Inc. , today announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the Dallas-Fort Worth operations and assets of LionsGate Homes.'
p5
aS"Ryland to Cut Jobs Los Angeles Business Journal - Oct 7, 2015 All 50 employees - except the chief executive - of Westlake Village home builder Ryland Group Inc. appear likely to lose their jobs in the aftermath of the company's $5.2 billion merger with Irvine-based Standard Pacific Corp.Homebuilder moves local office and changes its name - Sacramento Business Journal"
p6
aS'BlackRock Resources and Commodities  Forms $8.27 Double Top; Ryland Group ... HuronReport - Mar 14, 2017 Among 2 analysts covering The Ryland Group Inc. , 0 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 0 are positive.'
p7
aS"The region's top homebuilders haven't just been building homes, but new companies Washington Business Journal - Aug 19, 2016 One of Greater Washington's biggest homebuilders recently got a lot bigger. Last year's No. 13 on our top 25 List, The Ryland Group Inc., merged with another California-based builder, Standard Pacific Corp. last year. On Oct. 1, the completed merger ..."
p8
aS"The Ryland Group, Inc. : Celebrate the Grand Opening of Ryland Homes' Estate ... 4-traders  - May 17, 2013 Ryland Homes announces the Grand Opening of its Estate Collection homes at Blackstone, a new neighborhood of spectacular single-family homes on executive-sized homesites in Zionsville, Indiana."
p9
aS"Standard Pacific, Ryland complete merger, layoffs planned L.A. Biz - Oct 2, 2015 CalAtlantic, which has operations in 17 states, will maintain its headquarters in Irvine and northern Virginia, while Ryland's Westlake Village headquarters will close. Tocco didn't provide an updated employee count and said the company is still needs ..."
p10
a.