(lp0
S"Judge puts Seattle Genetics' $2 billion deal with Immunomedics on hold Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 9, 2017 17, Immunomedics sued shareholder VenBio for attempting to take over Immunomedics' board and kill the licensing deal with Seattle Genetics. VenBio had a 9.9 percent stake in Immunomedics at the the time of the lawsuit. VenBio says the Seattle Genetics&nbsp;...DEADLINE MONDAY: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Seattle ... - Yahoo FinanceSeattle Genetics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS'Why Seattle Genetics, Inc. Got Clobbered Today Motley Fool - Dec 27, 2016 Seattle Genetics  is down 15% at 11:57 a.m. EST after announcing the Food and Drug Administration has put a clinical hold on multiple early stage clinical trials testing its cancer drug vadastuximab talirine, which used to go by its code ...Seattle Genetics Plunges After Drug Studies Halted on Deaths - BloombergSeattle Genetics Cancer-Drug Trials on Hold After Four Patient Deaths - Wall Street Journal'
p2
aS"Seattle Genetics  Up 8.2% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 Seattle Genetics continues to work on expanding Adcetris' label further. The company.Takeda released full data from the ALCANZA phase III study in patients with CD30-expressing cutaneous T-cell lymphoma  in Dec 2016.Seattle Genetics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com"
p3
aS'Seattle Genetics to resume trials as FDA lifts clinical hold Daily Mail - Mar 6, 2017 March 6  - Seattle Genetics Inc said on Monday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration lifted a clinical hold on several early stage studies testing its experimental cancer drug.FDA lifts hold on Seattle Genetics drug trials - Reuters'
p4
aS'Bear of the Day: Seattle Genetics  Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 SGEN, a Zacks Ranked #5 , is a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative antibody-based therapies for the treatment of cancer.Seattle Genetics Inc Risk Points versus Health Care - CML News'
p5
aS'Metrics in Focus: Seattle Genetics, Inc.  Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Investors may be keeping an eye on FCF or Free Cash Flow scores for Seattle Genetics, Inc. . Free cash flow represents the amount of cash that a company has generated for shareholders after paying off expenses and investing in growth.'
p6
aS'March 13 Deadline Alert: Law Offices of Howard G. Smith Reminds Seattle ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Law Offices of Howard G. Smith reminds investors of the upcoming March 13, 2017 deadline to file a lead plaintiff motion in the class action filed on behalf of a class of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Seattle Genetics, Inc. (Seattle ...'
p7
aS'EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action ... PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2017 NEW YORK, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces the filing of a class action lawsuit on behalf of purchasers of Seattle Genetics Inc. securities  from October 27, 2016 through&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 28, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 27, 2017  -- Pomerantz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed against Seattle Genetics Inc.   and certain of its officers. The class action, filed in&nbsp;...The Seattle Genetics   Investment Analysts' Recent Ratings Changes - DailyQuintNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Seattle Genetics, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p9
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 11, 2017 LOS ANGELES, CA / ACCESSWIRE / March 11, 2017 / Lundin Law PC, a shareholder rights firm, announces a class action lawsuit against Seattle Genetics, Inc.   concerning possible violations of federal securities&nbsp;...'
p10
a.