(lp0
S'New Sears Hometown Store Opens Inside Cowett Construction in Antlers GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc.  is a national retailer primarily focused on selling home appliances, lawn and garden equipment, tools and hardware.Sears Outlet set to open in Phoenixville - The Times HeraldSears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc  Major Shareholder Edward S ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores, Inc. Reports Preliminary Fourth Quarter And ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Store Activity: We continue to take proactive steps to make the best use of capital and reduce costs. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we closed 109 locations . For the full fiscal year we closed 160 store locations (149 Hometown ...Milpitas Sears Outlet Store Hosts Grand Reopening Celebration - GlobeNewswire BRIEF-Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores Q4 loss per share $2.02 - Reuters'
p2
aS'Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 Store Activity: In the third quarter of 2016, we opened four new stores and closed 12 under-performing stores in Hometown. For the first three quarters of 2016, we opened six stores and closed 51 stores in Hometown and had no openings or closures in ...'
p3
aS'Two Tampa-Area Sears Outlet Stores Host Grand Reopening Celebrations March 16-19 GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2017 Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc.  is a national retailer primarily focused on selling home appliances, lawn and garden equipment, tools and hardware.Farmers Branch Sears Outlet Store Relocates to Dallas - Nasdaq'
p4
aS"Richard Kevin Longino Purchases 5000 Shares of Sears Hometown and Outlet ... Chaffey Breeze - 13 hours ago Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores logo Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc  Director Richard Kevin Longino purchased 5,000 shares of the company's stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th.Decision Time: Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc  Stock ... - CML NewsSears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... - Equities.com"
p5
aS"Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Sep 2, 2016 The decrease in Hometown was primarily due to store closures. Outlet's increase was primarily driven by growth in sourcing relationships for out-of- box appliances from sources other than Sears Holdings, which was partially offset by reduced apparel ...Sears Hometown and Outlet Store revenue down 10% - MarketWatchOnline shopping takes a toll on Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores sales - USA TODAY"
p6
aS"Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Jun 3, 2016 The decrease in Hometown was primarily due to store closures. Outlet's increase was primarily driven by improved strategic opportunity buys in home appliances, which was partially offset by reduced apparel and mattress receipts from Sears Holdings."
p7
aS'Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores Is A Value Trap Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2016 Sears Hometown and Outlet  is currently selling for less than its liquidation value- it has been for a couple years now.'
p8
aS"Is Sears Hometown Worth More Dead Than Alive? Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Due to recent declines in operating performance, most investors wouldn't touch Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc. with a 10-foot pole. The stock has lost nearly half its value during the past year and is now selling below its net current asset value."
p9
aS'Chart Watch: Checking on Shares of Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc  Davidson Register - 7 hours ago Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc  is resting at 0.21. First developed by J. Welles ...'
p10
a.