(lp0
S'1-800-Dentist announces partnership with Sirona Dental Systems Inc. Dentistry IQ - Dec 14, 2015 1-800-Dentist , a provider of pre-screened new patient leads for dental practices, announced today that it is partnering with Sirona Dental Systems Inc. to provide marketing support to the more than 15,000 dental practices in ...'
p1
aS'Dentsply to Acquire Sirona for $5.5 Billion in Dental Deal Bloomberg - Sep 15, 2015 The combined company, to be called Dentsply Sirona, will have a wider array of products for dental offices, from fluoride rinses to dental chairs. The combination will yield savings from overlapping costs of $125 million or more by the third year after ...Sirona Dental Systems  Stock Falls Following Dentsply Merger - TheStreet.com'
p2
aS'Stocks to Watch in Dental Products: Henry Schein Inc. and Sirona Dental ... Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2015 Investors often dismiss dental stocks as boring, slow-growth investments. Nonetheless, demand for dental equipment has been steadily rising worldwide.'
p3
aS'Sirona Dental Investor Challenges $5.5B Sale To Dentsply Law360  - Oct 1, 2015 Law360, Wilmington  -- A shareholder of Sirona Dental Systems Inc. filed a proposed class action in Delaware state court Wednesday seeking to stop the company from selling itself to Dentsply International Inc. for about&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Cantillon Capital opens a new position in Sirona Dental Systems Market Realist - May 14, 2014 William von Mueffling's Cantillon Capital Management's saw one new position in its 1Q 2014 portfolio, in Sirona Dental Systems Inc. , but no stake sales. Existing position increases included Fidelity National Information Services , W.W ..."
p5
aS'Jeffrey T. Slovin Appointed Chief Executive Officer of Sirona Dental Systems, Inc. Business Wire  - Feb 21, 2013 LONG ISLAND CITY, N.Y.----Sirona Dental Systems, Inc. , the dental technology leader, announced that Jeffrey T. Slovin has become its Chief Executive Officer in accordance with the succession plan previously&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"DENTSPLY &amp; Sirona Dental Systems Unite, Form New Entity Zacks.com - Mar 1, 2016 DENTSPLY Sirona also plans to buy back $500 million worth of shares, now that the deal has finally closed. In addition, the new company expects to continue to pay DENTSPLY's current dividend of 29 cents per share which is expected to entice investors,&nbsp;...Dentsply Sirona merger complete, new company branded as 'The Dental Solutions ... - Dentistry IQDentsply-Sirona merger completed as planned - Central Penn Business Journal"
p7
aS'School of Dental Medicine Goes Digital with Sirona Dental Systems, Inc ... BU Today - Nov 4, 2014 A long time in the making, Hutter says, this important initiative using Sirona Dental Systems, Inc., technology will allow the school to achieve its goal of implementing seamless digital dentistry into the clinical education we provide our students ...Boston University to become first seamlessly integrated Digital Dental School ... - Dentistry IQ'
p8
aS'BruxZir shaded 16 CAD/CAM blocks now available for use with Sirona Dental ... Dentistry IQ - Feb 9, 2015 ... a provider of dental laboratory products and services, recently announced the release of BruxZir Shaded 16 blocks compatible with Cerec and inLab MC XL milling machines, the dental CAD/CAM solutions from Sirona Dental Systems Inc. The new blocks,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Introducing Dentsply Sirona, a Leading Dental Products Manufacturer Market Realist - Jun 10, 2016 Dentsply Sirona  is the largest manufacturer of dental equipment and technologies in the world. The company was formed in February 2016 by the merger of Dentsply International and Sirona Dental Systems. It has its global headquarters in York,&nbsp;...Trade of the Day: A Look at XRAY Stock Shows Huge Promise - Investorplace.com'
p10
a.