(lp0
S'Better Buy: Under Armour Inc. vs. Skechers USA Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 In the simplest sense, a moat is what makes a company special, what differentiates it from the competition, and what keeps customers coming back year after year.'
p1
aS'Skechers: A Big Run Up Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 But out of all the apparel stores, brands, and department stores, I believe Skechers  is the best positioned for the future of athleticwear.'
p2
aS'Skechers USA Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Skechers U.S.A. Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.Stock Price of Skechers USA, Inc.  Increases 2.54% - Energy Index'
p3
aS'The Dust Has Cleared And Now Skechers USA, Inc.  And Its Technicals Are ... NY Stock News - 13 hours ago Skechers U.S.A., Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p4
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: Skechers USA, Inc. , Sunstone Hotel ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p5
aS'Skechers USA Inc  Shares Up 7 Bars Business Review - 8 hours ago Skechers USA Inc  have climbed higher in consecutive sessions revealing positive upward momentum over the past week. In taking a look at recent performance, we can see that shares have moved 6.40% over the past week, 5.80% over the past&nbsp;...Stock Price Skechers USA, Inc.  Compared to Index - Highland MirrorSkechers USA Inc  Receives Average Recommendation of Hold from Analysts - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS"Hot Stock Update: Skechers USA, Inc.  HugoPress - Mar 16, 2017 Monness Crespi Hardt Upgrades Skechers U.S.A., Inc. 's stock to Buy with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 12/23/16.Skechers USA Inc  Lowered to Hold at Standpoint Research - The Cerbat GemAnalyst's Predictions on Skechers USA, Inc. , Teradyne, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS'Is Skechers USA  a Great Choice for Value Investors? Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Though Skechers U.S.A. might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.Today Analysts Focus on CoreCivic, Inc. , Skechers USA, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalIs Skechers USA  a Great Choice for Value Investors? March 03, 2017 - Zacks.com'
p8
aS'Skechers USA Inc.: Skechers Performance Extends Partnership with Conqur ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 14, 2017 SKECHERS USA, Inc., based in Manhattan Beach, California, designs, develops and markets a diverse range of lifestyle footwear for men, women and children, as well as performance footwear for men and women.Skechers Performance Extends Partnership with Conqur Endurance Group - Yahoo Finance'
p9
aS"Skechers USA, Inc. , Cooper Tire &amp; Rubber Company  Stock Eyes Ahead ... The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of Skechers U.S.A., Inc.  dropped -1.13% to $26.16. During the trading on 03/14/2017, Company's stock ranged from $26.16 to $26.78.Sales Growth Analysis: Skechers USA, Inc. , Cooper Tire &amp; Rubber Company ... - USA Commerce DailyThe Goodyear Tire &amp; Rubber Company , Skechers USA, Inc.  - Herald Keeper"
p10
a.