(lp0
S"BNC Bancorp Completes Merger With Southcoast Financial Corporation PR Newswire  - Jun 17, 2016 HIGH POINT, N.C., June 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- BNC Bancorp , the holding company for Bank of North Carolina , today announced the successful completion of its merger with Southcoast Financial Corporation&nbsp;...High Point's BNC Bancorp completes deal for SC bank - Winston-Salem JournalBank of NC completes latest acquisition - Triad Business Journal"
p1
aS'Lack Of Visibility And Low Liquidity, Huge Return: BNC Bancorp To Buy ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 25, 2015 On August 14, 2015, Southcoast Financial Corporation   and BNC Bancorp   entered into an agreement under which BNC will buy Southcoast.'
p2
aS'BNC Bancorp Signs Definitive Agreement To Acquire Mt. Pleasant-Based ... PR Newswire  - Aug 14, 2015 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- BNC Bancorp , the holding company for Bank of North Carolina, and Southcoast Financial Corporation , the holding company for Southcoast Community Bank, have entered&nbsp;...Bank of North Carolina announces plans to buy South Carolina bank - Triad Business Journal'
p3
aS'New boss and office on the south coast for Smith &amp; Williamson Accountancy Age - Nov 1, 2016 Jamie Lane was recently promoted to audit director, having been an associate director, senior audit manager and corporate finance manager in Southampton. Green, who will continue to be an audit partner at the firm, said: It has been my privilege to ...'
p4
aS'Retail-restaurant roundup: GardenWalk gets more tenants; South Coast Plaza ... OCRegister - 10 hours ago Customers also can book parties and corporate events. Rumba Room Live: The Latin nightclub opened in December. It has a dance floor, ... South Coast Plaza: As the center celebrates 50 years of retail, it welcomes four news stores and has shifted one ...'
p5
aS'Pinnacle Financial To Merge With BNC Bancorp In $1.9B Deal Law360  - Jan 23, 2017 BNC has completed 14 acquisitions of its own since 2006, Pinnacle said, most recently nabbing High Point Bank Corp. and Southcoast Financial Corp. last year. BNC President and CEO Richard D. Callicutt II said his bank has a lot in common with Pinnacle&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'High Point Bank had another suitor before agreeing to BNC Bancorp deal Winston-Salem Journal - May 14, 2016 If BNC can complete the Southcoast Financial Corp. and High Point Bank deals, it would have $6.8 billion in total assets. Its branch network will increase to 86 - 28 in the Triad and 48 overall in North Carolina, as well as 29 in South Carolina and ...'
p7
aS'Scrutiny, suit delay local bank sale Charleston Post Courier - Apr 3, 2016 Announced in August, the Southcoast purchase would instantly make High Point, N.C.-based BNC a sizable player on the local lending scene.'
p8
aS"South Coast Plaza turns 50: Family ownership allows $3 billion mall to stay hip OCRegister - Mar 15, 2017 This is no cookie-cutter mall like those crafted by huge corporations running dozens of retail centers. South Coast Plaza's unique collection of luxury shops and eclectic food options makes a visit more than simply about buying goods or a meal."
p9
aS"Inkunzi'isematholeni Youth in Business competition is open South Coast Herald  - Apr 18, 2016 ITHALA Development Finance Corporation aims to promote entrepreneurship and skills development among the youth in KwaZulu-Natal."
p10
a.