(lp0
S'Sonus and Palo Alto Networks Team to Deliver Advanced Mobile Network ... PR Newswire  - 6 hours ago Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, today announced a new architecture designed to mitigate the impacts of rogue LTE endpoint devices and erroneous IP traffic crossing 4G-LTE mobile&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Sonus Networks Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Sonus Networks Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 2.33% to close at $6.71. On the day, Sonus Networks Inc. saw 1.57 million shares trade hands on 2,721 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Sonus Increases Mobile Operator Network Options with LTE Calling PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, introduced today the newest addition to its mobility suite: LTE Calling.'
p3
aS"Telegate Deploys Sonus' Virtualized SBC in the Amazon Cloud for its Peering ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, announced today that Telegate, a leading telecom solutions provider in the Asia-Pacific region, selected the Sonus Session Border Controller Software&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Sonus Diameter Signaling Controller Selected by Korea Telecom PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, announced today that Korea Telecom , the largest tier one service provider in South Korea, selected the Sonus Diameter Signaling Controller &nbsp;...'
p5
aS'An End-of-Day Technical Review: Sonus Networks, Inc. , Advanced ... Post Analyst - 18 hours ago Sonus Networks, Inc. has a consensus hold rating from 8 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 2.49% of shares outstanding.Stock Beta Analysis: Sonus Networks, Inc.  - The Oracle ExaminerWhy Analysts Stacks up on Sonus Networks, Inc. ? - TWN'
p6
aS"Sonus Networks Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 16 Equities.com - Mar 16, 2017 Sonus Networks Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 16, as the stock gained 3.78% to close at $6.87. On the day, Sonus Networks Inc. saw 850,978 shares trade hands on 3,610 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...The Sonus Networks, Inc.  Short Interest Update - Petro Global News 24Sonus Networks, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $6.87 while ends ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p7
aS'Sonus Demonstrates Orchestration of its Cloud-Optimized SBC at the HPE Partner ... PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in securing Cloud and real-time communications, announced today that it is demonstrating how interoperable, virtualized solutions can increase the speed of deployment of real-time communications in&nbsp;...Most Recent Stock Movements: Sonus Networks, Inc.  - Is storiesEPS Of $-0.23 Expected For Sonus Networks, Inc.  - Markets Daily'
p8
aS'Crunching the Numbers for Sonus Networks Inc  Davidson Register - 16 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Sonus Networks Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.2. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge stock volatility.'
p9
aS'Sonus Continues Real-Time Communications Leadership with Introduction of New ... PR Newswire  - Jan 17, 2017 Sonus Networks, Inc. , a global leader in secure and intelligent Cloud communications, announced today a significant addition to its Session Border Controller  portfolio with the introduction of the Sonus SBC 5400.'
p10
a.