(lp0
S'Spire Corporation Completes Sale of Non-Core Assets for Aggregate Net ... Business Wire  - Oct 28, 2014 BEDFORD, Mass.----Spire Corporation  , a global solar company providing capital equipment and turn-key manufacturing lines to produce photovoltaic modules and optoelectronics thin film&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Spire Corporation Completes Sale of Semiconductor Business For Aggregate ... Business Wire  - Mar 12, 2012 BEDFORD, Mass.----Spire Corporation  , a diversified global company providing solar photovoltaic equipment and systems, and biomedical processing services, announced today that it has completed the sale of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Spire Corporation Completes Sale of Sun Simulator Business; will Focus its ... Business Wire  - Feb 1, 2016 BEDFORD, Mass.----Spire Corporation  , a global solar company providing capital equipment and turnkey manufacturing lines to produce and characterize photovoltaic modules, cells, and wafers,&nbsp;...Spire Corp. Sells Sun Simulator Business, Shifts To Solar Manufacturing - Solar Industry'
p3
aS'0.01 MarketWatch - Nov 2, 2010 Spire Corp. OTC: SPIR. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p4
aS'Spire Establishes Solar Branch Office in India Business Wire  - Aug 9, 2011 BEDFORD, Mass.----Spire Corporation , a global solar company that provides capital equipment and turn-key manufacturing lines to produce  modules, today announced that it has established a wholly owned subsidiary&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Spire to restructure and morph into turnkey solutions PV-Tech - Feb 2, 2016 PV module assembly equipment specialist Spire Corporation said it would focus on the turnkey PV manufacturing segment after completing the sale of its sun simulator business to Eternal Sun.'
p6
aS"Spire Expands its Solar Representation to South Korea Business Wire  - Jun 30, 2011 JEIS at Spire Corp's Headquarters in Bedford, MA In Photo, From Left to Right: Mark C. Little, CEO of Spire Biomedical, Dong-Ho Roh, Executive Director of JEIS, Roger G. Little, Chairman &amp; CEO of Spire Corporation, and Jae-Seung Jo, CEO of JEIS (Photo:&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"SLP Solar Simulator Business Wire  - Mar 25, 2010 Francois Koran, Saflex Photovoltaic Development Manager and Roger Little, Spire Corp's Chairman and CEO, stand by Spire's 100th SLP Solar Simulator, to be shipped to Saflex."
p8
aS'Tool Order: Spire continues solar simulator order fulfilments PV-Tech - May 12, 2015 PV module equipment specialist Spire Corporation said it was continuing to receive and ship orders for its range of sun simulators, primarily to tier-1 PV manufacturers.'
p9
aS'The Mercifully Short List of Fallen Solar Companies: 2015 Edition Greentech Media - Nov 30, 2015 Spire Corp. -- According to an SEC filing, on October 22, 2015, &quot;Spire Corporation announced a small reduction in force and, due to insufficient financial support, the suspension of all non-essential operations until further notice.'
p10
a.