(lp0
S'Staples: Management Is Committed To Growing Delivery Segment Seeking Alpha - 1 hour ago Staples Inc.  is struggling to compete with the likes of Amazon . Like many brick-and-mortar retailers with significant operating leverage it is struggling with a declining level of traffic through its stores.Burning Stock on the move: Staples, Inc.  - HugoPressPrice Target Overview of Staples, Inc.  - FactsReporter'
p1
aS"Is Staples, Inc. Stock  Suitable for Value Investors? Investorplace.com - 18 hours ago Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p2
aS"The Smaller, Better Staples? Or Tomorrow's Radio Shack? Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 Over the last few Staples articles I discussed at length my displeasure of Staples' management, particularly at their supposed solution to their growth problems."
p3
aS"Staples to Close 70 Stores in North America Bloomberg - Mar 9, 2017 The latest announcement comes almost a year after Staples' failed attempt to acquire Office Depot Inc. Federal regulators blocked the merger on antitrust grounds last May, arguing that it would hurt business customers.Staples, Inc. Stock Bounces Back After Yesterday's Dip - Motley Fool"
p4
aS'Staples: Stay Away Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 The company has reorganized its business unit reporting which lumps Staples.com and Staples.ca orders with the contract/delivery business.'
p5
aS'RadioShack, Staples plan scores of store closings The Real Deal Magazine - Mar 11, 2017 The parent company of RadioShack filed for bankruptcy and plans to close about 200 stores, and Staples Inc. announced plans to close about 70 stores.'
p6
aS"Platinum Equity to acquire Staples' Australia and New Zealand business PE Hub   - Mar 13, 2017 FRAMINGHAM, MA &amp; LOS ANGELES, CA - Staples, Inc.  and Platinum Equity today announced a definitive agreement under which Platinum Equity will acquire Staples' business in Australia and New&nbsp;...Platinum Equity to acquire Staples Inc asset in Australian &amp; NZ - DEALSTREETASIAPlatinum Equity to Acquire Staples' Business in Australia and New Zealand - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Staples, Inc., 62.5% Follow-Through Indicator, 4.2 ... Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Staples, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p8
aS"Staples: I Just Don't Get It Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Those who have read my previous Staples articles know that I have been critical of the company in the recent past, particularly over the failed attempt at a financial bailout in the form of a buyout of Office Depot  orchestrated by an ..."
p9
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for Staples, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Staples, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.