(lp0
S"2 Reasons Behind Sarepta Therapeutics Inc.'s 6.9% February Jump Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 Sarepta also said that it ended the year with more than $329.3 million in cash on its books, which doesn't include the proceeds from the voucher sale.Vetr Advises Hold On Sarepta - BenzingaSarepta Therapeutics to Present Company Overview at the Cowen and Company 37th ... - Nasdaq"
p1
aS'Sarepta Therapeutics Announces Presentations at the 2017 MDA Scientific Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 17, 2017 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 17, 2017  -- Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. , a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of unique RNA-targeted therapeutics for the treatment of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Sarepta Therapeutics Inc  CML News - 6 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Sarepta Therapeutics Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p3
aS"Sarepta Therapeutics Inc : Will Payors Reimburse Exondys 51? Smarter Analyst - Mar 10, 2017 Cowen analyst Ritu Baral is out with a new research note on shares of Sarepta Therapeutics Inc , as it appears that payors are still actively evaluating and reevaluating coverage of the company's muscular dystrophy drug Exondys 51.Payor Re-Evaluation On Exondys Positive For Sarepta - BenzingaSarepta  Exondys 51 Payor Discussions Progressing - Cowen - StreetInsider.com"
p4
aS"Sarepta  Q4 Loss Widens; Sales of Duchenne Drug Slow Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017 Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. SRPT reported wider-than-expected loss in the fourth quarter of 2016. Meanwhile, the biotech company's 2017 sales outlook fell largely short of expectations as the commercial launch of its only approved drug, Exondys 51, has&nbsp;...Sarepta Therapeutics Inc  Stock Heads Higher on Analyst Upgrade - Investorplace.comSarepta Therapeutics, Inc. | $SRPT Stock | Shares Fall On Poor Fourth Quarter ... - TickerTV News "
p5
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Sarepta Therapeutics Inc Price Volatility ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Sarepta Therapeutics Inc  has seen its stock price move at an elevated level.'
p6
aS'Sarepta Therapeutics  to Sell PRV Voucher for $125M StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. , a commercial-stage developer of innovative RNA-targeted therapeutics, today announced it has entered into an agreement to sell its Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher .Commit To Purchase Sarepta Therapeutics At $18, Earn 16.7% Using Options - Nasdaq'
p7
aS'News Impact Score Of Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc.  At 0 Stock Observer - 13 hours ago Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. has daily impact score of 0 by Alpha One analytics. This score comes on 1-100 scale and gives the likelihood of movement of 1% or more, just in single session.'
p8
aS'Earnings Analysis &amp; Update for Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - 10 hours ago Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company.'
p9
aS'Is a Surprise Coming for Sarepta Therapeutics  This Earnings Season? Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. SRPT may be one such company.'
p10
a.