(lp0
S'Why Silver Spring Networks, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 What happened. Shares of Silver Spring Networks Inc.  were down 14.3% as of 11:30 a.m. Wednesday after the smart-grid products specialist announced strong fourth-quarter 2016 results, but followed with underwhelming guidance.Silver Spring Networks to Present at the JMP Securities 2017 Technology ... - Yahoo FinanceSilver Spring Networks  PT Lowered to $11 at Baird on Weak Q1 Guidance - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'CORRECTING and REPLACING Silver Spring Networks to Present at the 29th Annual ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 11, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , a leading networking platform and solutions provider for the Internet of Important Things, today announced that Ken Gianella, Chief Financial Officer, will present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference on March 13, 2017.Stock Returns: RealPage Inc  is Beating Silver Spring Networks Inc ... - CML News'
p2
aS'Silver Spring Networks Will Leverage From The Growth Of IoT And Smart Cities Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2016 Silver Spring Networks Inc.  is an energy efficiency company providing networking platform and solutions that enable utilities to transform the traditional power grid infrastructure into a smart grid.'
p3
aS'Recent M&amp;A, Backlog Strength Encouraging Signs For Silver Spring Networks Benzinga - Oct 7, 2016 Oppenheimer has lifted the price target on Silver Spring Networks Inc  shares from $15 to $17 based on valuation supported by recent M&amp;A and strength in backlog.'
p4
aS'Silver Spring Networks to Present at the 29 Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif.----Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , a leading networking platform and solutions provider for the Internet of Important Things, today announced that Ken Gianella, Chief Financial Officer, will present at the ...Silver Spring Networks Inc Price Volatility Hits An Amplified Level - CML News108434 Shares in Silver Spring Networks Inc  Acquired by Marshall Wace LLP - BNB Daily '
p5
aS'CESC Expands Silver Spring Networks IoT Platform to Kota and Bharatpur, India Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  today announced the expansion of its program with CESC Limited for two franchisees in Kota and Bharatpur, India.'
p6
aS"Silver Spring Networks'  CEO Mike Bell on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 6, 2016 Greetings, and welcome to the Silver Spring Networks Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.Silver Spring Networks Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire "
p7
aS"Silver Spring Networks showcases IoT platform at DistribuTECH 2017 Electric Light & Power - Feb 1, 2017 Today at DistribuTECH, the utility industry's leading smart energy conference and exhibition, Silver Spring Networks, Inc. showcased utilities and grid device partners that are leveraging its platform to yield powerful Grid Management advances for grid&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Silver Spring Networks Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy from ... Sports Perspectives - 11 hours ago Silver Spring Networks logo Silver Spring Networks Inc  has been given an average rating of Buy by the thirteen research firms that are currently covering the company.Stock Chatter: Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  Price Target Update - Rockville RegisterNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p9
aS"Silver Spring Networks Showcases the Power of IoT Platform for Grid Management ... Business Wire  - Jan 31, 2017 SAN DIEGO----Today at DistribuTECH, the utility industry's leading smart energy conference and exhibition, Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  showcased utilities and grid device partners that are leveraging its platform to yield&nbsp;..."
p10
a.