(lp0
S"Regional bank Sterling Bancorp to buy Astoria for $2.2 billion Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 Sterling Bancorp  said it would buy Astoria Financial Corp  in an all-stock deal valued at about $2.2 billion to create the sixth largest regional bank in the New York City area by deposits.Sterling Bancorp's New York State of Mind - Bloomberg"
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Middleburg ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Middleburg Financial Corporation  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Sterling Bancorp  is Beating Yadkin Financial ... CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sterling Bancorp  versus Yadkin Financial Corporation  .'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating MBT ... CML News - Mar 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MBT Financial Corp.  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nimble Storage, MeetMe, Astoria Financial, Sterling ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 [nL3N1GK3NA] ** ASTORIA FINANCIAL CORP &lt;AF.N&gt;, Monday close $18.48, +10.39 pct premarket ** STERLING BANCORP &lt;STL.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nimble Storage, MeetMe, Astoria Financial, Sterling Bancorp - Times of India'
p5
aS'GBP/USD  Article 50 Statement Hits GBP  MarketPulse  - 17 hours ago While the timing of the triggering of article 50 comes as no surprise given that May had previously vowed to do so before the end of March, it does show that sterling remains sensitive to Brexit related headlines, even those that are already widely ...'
p6
aS'Stocks for you to follow- Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd  (NASDAQ:MPEL ... Wall Street Times  - 17 hours ago Sterling Bancorp   and Astoria Financial Corporation   declared recently that they have reached a definitive merger agreement in a stock-for-stock transaction valued at about $2.2 billion, based on the closing price of ...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Premier ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Premier Financial Bancorp Inc  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...Park Sterling Corp  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by Brokerages - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS"Insider Trading at Sterling Bancorp? Sports Perspectives - 4 hours ago First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA purchased a new position in shares of Sterling Bancorp during the fourth quarter worth about $210,000.2 Sizzling Hot Stocks- Sterling Bancorp , Juno Therapeutics Inc ... - Wall Street Times What are Analyst's Indicators for Sterling Bancorp , RPC, Inc.  - ClickLancashire"
p9
aS"Analysts' Recommendations Trending Stocks: Astoria Financial Corp (NYSE:AF ... Daily News Journal - Mar 13, 2017 On Friday, Shares of Astoria Financial Corp  lost -0.66% to $21.18. The share price is trading in a range of $21.03 - 21.66.Financial stocks for your portfolio: Astoria Financial Corporation , The ... - The Independent Republic"
p10
a.