(lp0
S'Sutor Technology Group supplies steel pipes for Saudi Aramco dredging project Oil & Gas Technology - Mar 24, 2015 Ningbo Zhehua has received a payment deposit and expects to complete product delivery in the middle of April 2015. The products to be supplied under this contact are all high-valued welded pipes that meet American Petroleum Institute standards, said&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Bristow &amp; Sutor signs up for Greenroad fleet technology solution FleetNews - Aug 15, 2016 Greenroad has won a contract to install its driver behaviour and fleet management in-vehicle solution within Bristow and Sutor's fleet of 155 cars and vans. The Redditch based company, which employs 190 drivers, was keen to look at a way of reducing ..."
p2
aS"Utilisation: Sweating the assets FleetNews - Oct 6, 2016 Sometimes, vehicles containing new technology can be cheaper over a three-year cycle than over four. Vans pose ... We'll take cars from brand new to 160,000-plus miles and vans to 250,000-odd, says Andrew Wearing, fleet manager at Bristow and Sutor."
p3
aS'Premium, mid-range or budget: which tyres are best? FleetNews - Nov 18, 2016 Premium tyre manufacturers say their products give fleets access to the latest technology, greatest performance and durability.'
p4
aS'Carrot or stick? Telematics can help you to utilise both FleetNews - Dec 21, 2016 The technologies can record events such as harsh acceleration, braking and cornering, while the data can be used to identify trends and areas which drivers need to be coached in.'
p5
aS"Decorated soldier who hoped for sex with teen girl is jailed after sting ... Mirror.co.uk - Oct 31, 2016 But 'Ellie' was actually an invention of soldier Daniel Sutor, who set out to catch paedophiles by starting the 'Vigilante Nonce Hunting Group'. A court martial heard that Mathews, of the Royal Logistical Corps, who was 27 at the time, asked if she was ..."
p6
aS'WATCH: Trump talks exclusively with The Tribune-Democrat about issues facing ... TribDem.com - Oct 21, 2016 CUSTOMER SERVICE The Gautier Group in Johnstown PA consists of Gautier Steel, Ltd., a ...more&gt;&gt; &middot; Construction Clerk Immediate Opening for FTP.'
p7
aS"Pennsylvania hunters could soon be able to use semi-automatic weapons TribDem.com - Feb 2, 2017 A gun's total ammunition capacity would be limited to six rounds. It's not about killing more animals, Metzgar said."
p8
aS"Windber studio to provide easy-to-use video technology for students, faculty TribDem.com - Feb 14, 2017 The district wasn't planning to add a studio as part of their middle and high school upgrades, but two local community groups approached the district late last year asking how they could support the district's efforts, school officials said. Moose ..."
p9
aS"'Recovery ... a 20-year issue': New Johnstown manager takes aim at Act 47 ... TribDem.com - Jan 15, 2017 In 2014, the commonwealth made changes that limited membership to five years, a time at which communities must either leave the program, take a three-year extension, enter receivership or disincorporate."
p10
a.