(lp0
S"Are Chesapeake Energy and Southwestern Energy Impacted by the Fed's Rate Increase? Yahoo Finance - 15 hours ago Southwestern energy was down 12 cents a share to close at $7.63 a share on Friday. Company's stock received numbers of ratings changes post it's fourth quarter and full year 2016 result on February 23.Featured Stock for Investors: Southwestern Energy Company  - HugoPressSouthwestern Energy Company  Raised to Buy at Citigroup Inc - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Southwestern Energy Company Risk Points versus Energy CML News - 2 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Southwestern Energy Company  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.'
p2
aS"Earnings Miss Causes Southwestern Energy Company's Stock to Tumble Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 On the one hand, Southwestern Energy's fourth-quarter results marked quite a turnaround for the company. That's after it reported adjusted net income of $39 million, or $0.08 per share, which was a significant improvement from last year's $6 million loss.Southwestern Energy Pivots To Value-Adding Growth And Announces Guidance For 2017 - PR Newswire Southwestern Energy  Q4 Earnings Miss, Revenues Beat - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"Southwestern Energy Company  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - 10 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Southwestern Energy Company , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p4
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Southwestern Energy Company , at its latest closing price of $7.63, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.10, compared to an industry average at 0.47.'
p5
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Southwestern Energy Company  Stock Gets Upgraded ... Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 Today, Southwestern Energy Company  stock received an upgrade by Jefferies Group LLC from Hold with a price target of $8.00.'
p6
aS'Your Southwestern Energy Breakdown Market Realist - Mar 15, 2017 Southwestern Energy  primarily operates in the Fayetteville Shale in Arkansas and the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania, both of which are predominantly natural gas fields.'
p7
aS'Oil and Gas Stocks Under Review -- Chesapeake Energy, Southwestern Energy ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 Shares of the Company, which engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of properties for the production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids from underground reservoirs in the US, have a Relative Strength Index  of 41.98.'
p8
aS'The Technicals For Southwestern Energy Company , An Important Analysis NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for Southwestern Energy Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p9
aS'Trading Sheet: Examining the Levels for Southwestern Energy Company  Sherwood Daily - 8 hours ago Looking at shares of Southwestern Energy Company , the company has an EV  of 8385781. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p10
a.