(lp0
S"Microsemi's new time clock protects against GNSS vulnerabilities GPS World magazine - Oct 27, 2016 Microsemi Corporation has announced its TimeSource Enhanced Primary Reference Time Clock , a new system protecting against serious threats associated with GNSS vulnerabilities.Microsemi Announces New TimeSource &quot;Enhanced Primary Reference Time Clock&quot; to ... - PR Newswire "
p1
aS'Microsemi Corporation to Acquire Symmetricom, Inc. Inside GNSS - Nov 5, 2013 Microsemi Corporation and Symmetricom, Inc., have announced a definitive agreement for Microsemi to acquire the San Jose, Californiabased precision time and frequency provider. The agreement offers stockholders $7.18 per share through a cash tender,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Microsemi Announces Industry's Lowest Power Sub-GHz Radio Frequency ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2016 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, today announced its extremely low power sub-GHz radio frequency &nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Microsemi Corporation Enters Definitive Agreement to Acquire PMC-Sierra, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 24, 2015 24, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, and PMC-Sierra, Inc.  , a semiconductor and software ...Microsemi Wins PMC-Sierra With a $2.5 Billion Bid - New York Times'
p4
aS'Microsemi Corporation Completes Acquisition of PMC-Sierra, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 15, 2016 At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of PMC common stock (other than shares directly owned by PMC, Microsemi, Lois Acquisition Corp. or any other subsidiary of Microsemi and shares held by PMC stockholders that are entitled to ...'
p5
aS'Microsemi Introduces Security-Hardened NTP Timing and Synchronization Platform PR Newswire  - Jan 12, 2016 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, today announced its new SyncServer S6xx series of Network Time Protocol (NTP ...Microsemi offers security-hardened NTP timing platform - GPS World magazineSatnews Daily - SatNews Publishers'
p6
aS'Microsemi GNSS Master Solves Small-Cell Synchronization Issue GPS World magazine - Feb 26, 2015 Microsemi-IGM-Solution-W Microsemi Corporation is offering a new Integrated GNSS Master  solution for small-cell synchronization.'
p7
aS'Microsemi Doubles Precision Time Protocol Client Capacity that Provides ... PR Newswire  - May 19, 2015 ALISO VIEJO, Calif., May 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, today announced it has doubled the Precision Time ...'
p8
aS"Microsemi Corporation and Mercury Systems, Inc. Announce Scheduled Closing for ... PR Newswire  - Apr 28, 2016 Microsemi Corporation and Mercury Systems, Inc. Announce Scheduled Closing for Microsemi's Sale of its Embedded Security, RF and Microwave, and Custom Microelectronics Businesses to Mercury ... Products include high-performance and radiation-hardened ..."
p9
aS"Microsemi's Space Products Support Iridium NEXT Satellite Program PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 With one of the industry's most comprehensive portfolios of space products, Microsemi provides radiation-tolerant FPGAs, radiation-hardened mixed-signal integrated circuits , radiation-hardened DC-to-DC converters, precision time and frequency ..."
p10
a.