(lp0
S"BRIEF-Synacor Inc and Windstream expand their relationship with a multiyear ... Reuters - 5 hours ago Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Windstream Taps Synacor to Power Hosted Email Offering Business Wire  - 17 hours ago BUFFALO, N.Y. &amp; LITTLE ROCK, Ark.----Synacor Inc. , the trusted technology development, multiplatform services and revenue partner for video, internet and communications providers, device manufacturers, and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Synacor Inc., 50.0% Follow-Through Indicator, 6.3 ... Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 Synacor Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p3
aS"AT&amp;T portal investment leads to bigger loss at Synacor Buffalo News - Mar 16, 2017 Synacor Inc. reported a much larger fourth-quarter loss after the Buffalo-based internet content provider made big investments as it geared up for the launch of a major new contract to run AT&amp;T's internet portal."
p4
aS'Synacor Inc. SYNC  Wall Street Journal - Mar 29, 2011 News Synacor Inc.SYNC. Significant News Only. 03/01/17; Press Release. Synacor to Host Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2016 Financial Results Conference Call on March 15, 2017.'
p5
aS'Price Alert: Synacor Inc  Stock Nears Resistance -- Technicals ... CML News - 15 hours ago Price Alert: Synacor Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p6
aS"Needham &amp; Company LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Synacor Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Synacor logo Synacor Inc 's stock had its hold rating reissued by equities researchers at Needham &amp; Company LLC in a note issued to investors on Thursday.The Synacor Inc  Announces Quarterly Earnings Results - Petro Global News 24Which insiders are selling Synacor, Inc. ? - Post Analyst"
p7
aS'Showdown on at Synacor Inc. Buffalo Business First - Feb 23, 2015 They include Scott Williams, assistant vice president of portal and advertising at AT&amp;T; Jeff Misthal, vice president of finance for the search and technology teams at Yahoo Inc.; and Dilip Singh, a general partner in Value Generation Capital Fund. The ...Shareholders of Synacor Nominate Three Highly Qualified Directors for Election ... - PR Newswire '
p8
aS'Big deal: Synacor scores contract to host AT&amp;T web and mobile portals Buffalo Business First - May 4, 2016 Synacor Inc. has scored a major contract from AT&amp;T that will dramatically change the size and scope of the company, nearly doubling its annual revenues to about $217 million by 2017, according to company expectations.Why the AT&amp;T Contract Is So Good for Synacor - 24/7 Wall St.Synacor Soars After Swiping AT&amp;T Contract from Yahoo - Wall Street Journal '
p9
aS'A Technical Look At 2 Stocks: TrueBlue, Inc. , Synacor, Inc.  Post Analyst - Mar 17, 2017 TrueBlue, Inc.  has made its way to a 12-month gain of 15.21%. Turning to Synacor, Inc. , its shares were trading at $3.25 a gain of $0.1, on the trading floor.'
p10
a.