(lp0
S"Sears Holdings Corp  Is Going Bankrupt and Has No Way Out Investorplace.com - Mar 7, 2017 Look at declining sales at Macy's, Inc  and Target Corporation . Consumer retail stocks are in trouble, and that includes SHLD stock."
p1
aS'Canada Goose Holdings Inc.: How Fast Will it Get to $30? The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 17, 2017 In one of the biggest non-surprises of the week, Canada Goose Holdings Inc.  began trading as a public company March 16, immediately opening trading up 40% from its $17 IPO pricing.'
p2
aS'Are Options Traders Betting on a Big Move in GNC Holdings  Stock ... Zacks.com - Feb 3, 2017 Investors in GNC Holdings, Inc.  need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately.'
p3
aS'Warner Bros. in Talks With Theaters to Put New Films in Homes Sooner Bloomberg - Nov 29, 2016 The studio is in talks with cinema owners to shorten the typical 90 days of exclusivity that they have over new releases, Kevin Tsujihara, chief executive officer of the Time Warner Inc. subsidiary, said at a Credit Suisse investors conference Tuesday ...'
p4
aS'Better Buy: Organovo Holdings, Inc. vs. United Therapeutics Corporation Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 These tissue models offer several advantages for drug developers, including the ability to detect toxicity much sooner than other alternatives.'
p5
aS'Zillow Bubble May Burst Sooner Than Later Seeking Alpha - Feb 5, 2017 Zillow posted good performance in the last quarter. But underneath the tidy profits, it seems to be valued at a higher price than how it really is.'
p6
aS'New Strong Buy Stocks for March 20th Zacks.com - 17 hours ago Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd.  : This underwriter of specialty insurance and reinsurance products has witnessed the Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings increasing 5.2% over the last 30 days.'
p7
aS'Why Zayo Group Holdings  Could Be Positioned for a Surge March 14, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 Zayo Group Holdings, Inc.  is a bandwidth infrastructure solutions providing company that could be an interesting play for investors.'
p8
aS'SodaStream  Launches Sparkling Water Maker Aqua Fizz Zacks.com - 18 hours ago Apart from SodaStream, investors may consider stocks in the Consumer Products - Discretionary industry like NutriSystem Inc  , Acme United Corporation  and Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc.  .'
p9
aS'Jeremy Lin could be back with the Nets sooner than you think New York Post - Dec 12, 2016 HOUSTON - During his five-week absence, injured Nets point guard Jeremy Lin has been limited to being a mentor, teacher and cheerleader from the bench.'
p10
a.