(lp0
S'SRC Energy Inc  Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 11, 2017 SRC Energy Inc logo Zacks Investment Research cut shares of SRC Energy Inc  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Saturday morning.Zacks Investment Research Downgrades SRC Energy Inc  to Hold - Community Financial NewsSRC Energy Inc  has been downgraded to Hold in a report by Zacks ... - Breaking Finance News'
p1
aS'SRC Energy Inc  Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 15, 2017 SRC Energy Inc logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of SRC Energy Inc  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday.'
p2
aS'The SRC Energy Inc  Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Mar 11, 2017 Zacks Investment Research cut shares of SRC Energy Inc  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Saturday morning.Zacks Investment Research Upgrades SRC Energy Inc  to Buy - BBNS'
p3
aS'Company Shares in Review: SRC Energy Inc.  The Herald - 6 hours ago Investors may be focusing on current ROIC  data for SRC Energy Inc. . ROIC is a popular financial metric that gauges how efficient a company is with earning cash flow through invested capital.'
p4
aS"Synergy Resources: More Cash Than Debt With Asymmetrical Upside Seeking Alpha - Dec 4, 2015 Yet, through fiscal discipline, hedges, a solid drilling program, and an equity offering at the beginning of the year, Synergy Resources Corporation  and its balance sheet remain intact. Keep in mind the following numbers don't include the recent ..."
p5
aS'Earnings Clues on Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. , SM Energy Company (SM ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc.  - Energy IndexSpirit Realty Capital, Inc.  professed quarterly cash dividend of $0 ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p6
aS'Notable Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - SRCI Nasdaq - 12 hours ago In trading on Monday, shares of SRC Energy Inc  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $7.58, changing hands as low as $7.48 per share.'
p7
aS'SRC Energy Inc  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Community Financial News - Mar 13, 2017 SRC Energy Inc logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of SRC Energy Inc  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Friday morning.'
p8
aS'Dividend Growth Analysis of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc.  Energy Index - Mar 1, 2017 Spirit Realty Capital is having a Dividend Yield of 6.55% with the Annual cash Dividend per share of $0.71. The last quarter cash dividend per share pay out was $0.18.'
p9
aS'Revenue Update on Spirit Realty Capital Inc  Energy Index - Mar 2, 2017 Spirit Realty Capital Inc  announced the earnings results for Fiscal Year 2016 and Q4. The results came in during After-Market on Feb 22, 2017.'
p10
a.