(lp0
S"Insider Trading Activity Tucows Inc.   EVP Sold 5000 shares of Stock Market Exclusive - 15 hours ago David John Woroch , EVP of Tucows Inc.  reportedly Sold 5,000 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 49.02 for a total transaction amount of $245,100.00 SEC Form.David John Woroch Sells 5000 Shares of Tucows Inc.  Stock - Chaffey BreezeTucows  announce Michael Cooperman, will retire as CFO - Benchmark Monitor"
p1
aS"Tucows Inc. Lifts Fourth-Quarter Sales, but Earnings Dip Motley Fool - Feb 8, 2017 Online business services provider Tucows  reported fourth-quarter results after Tuesday's closing bell. Share prices fell more than 12% in after-hours trading as investors digested the report.Tucows Inc.  Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By ... - Sports PerspectivesTucows Inc.  Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.15 EPS - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Tucows Inc. Earnings: 55% Earnings Growth; Shares Jump on Tuesday Motley Fool - Nov 8, 2016 Domain name registrar and network service operator Tucows  reported third-quarter results on Monday night. The Toronto-based company beat analyst expectations on both the top and bottom lines.'
p3
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Tucows Inc Realized Volatility Hits An Unsually ... CML News - 9 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Tucows Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at an escalated level.'
p4
aS"TUCOWS INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 Tucows Inc. is engaged in providing Internet services. The Company's segments include Domain Services and Network Access Services.Tucows Inc.  Receives Average Recommendation of Hold from the Brokerages - Petro Global News 24"
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Tucows Inc  is Beating MeetMe Inc  CML News - 12 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MeetMe Inc  versus Tucows Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p6
aS"Form 8-K TUCOWS INC /PA/ For: Mar 01 StreetInsider.com - Mar 1, 2017 The timing and exact number of common shares purchased will be at Tucows' discretion and will depend on available cash and market conditions."
p7
aS'Acquisition Of ENom Makes Tucows Second Largest Domain Registrar Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 Last week, on January 20, 2017, Tucows Inc.  announced in a press release to acquire wholesale domain name registrar eNom from the Rightside Group for $83.5 million.'
p8
aS"Valuing Tucows Inc.  From A Bearish Perspective Smarter Analyst - Aug 3, 2015 You've almost gotta love Tucows Inc.   for its humor, as demonstrated by the company reportedly taking a real cow to a conference, plus its depiction of two cows in its logo."
p9
aS'Breaking: Tucows Inc  Stock Through Resistance -- Technicals Hit ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Breaking: Tucows Inc  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps. The company has broken out to a five bull momentum rating -- that is extreme strength and through technical resistance.'
p10
a.