(lp0
S"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Calls on Taubman Centers to Tighten Up or Explore Sale Wall Street Journal - Oct 18, 2016 A prominent real-estate investor is calling on Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators, to tighten its belt or explore selling itself.Land and Buildings Investment urges Taubman Centers to explore options - ReutersActivist Litt Said to Ask Taubman to Consider Sale, WSJ Says - Bloomberg"
p1
aS"Activist Investor Targets Mall Operator Taubman Centers Wall Street Journal  - Mar 2, 2017 Activist investor Jonathan Litt's hedge fund on Thursday escalated its battle with the management of mall operator Taubman Centers Inc., putting forth two candidates for election to the board at the firm's annual meeting later this year. Land ...Taubman Centers boosts dividend by 5% - MarketWatchTaubman Centers  Increases Quarterly Dividend by 5% - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Taubman Centers, Inc. Issues Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 9, 2017 We're pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016, which were in line with our expectations, said Robert S. Taubman, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Taubman Centers. In addition to solid results, this year ...Mystery REIT Shopper: Taubman Centers - Seeking AlphaStock Inside Investors Radar: Taubman Centers, Inc.'s  stock price is at ... - WsNews 4investors"
p3
aS'TAUBMAN CENTERS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 On December 15, 2016, Taubman Centers, Inc.  filed a Current Report on Form 8-K  under Item 5.02 disclosing that the Board of Directors  of the Company appointed Cia Buckley Marakovits (a/k/a Cornelia&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Taubman Centers, Inc. declares regular quarterly dividend of $0.625 per share ... EPR Retail News  - Feb 28, 2017 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich, 2017-Mar-06 - /EPR Retail News/ - The Board of Directors of Taubman Centers, Inc.  today  declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.625 per share of common stock, an increase of 5 percent.'
p5
aS'Stock Alert: Taubman Centers Inc Stock Volatility Hits An Extreme Low CML News - 11 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Taubman Centers Inc  has seen its stock price move at a collapsing low level.'
p6
aS"Land And Buildings Letter To Taubman Centers Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 Since our initial engagement with the Company last year, we have been deeply disappointed with the lack of response you, as independent directors, as well as management, have undertaken to unlock the Company's substantial trapped value."
p7
aS"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Says Family's Stake in Taubman Centers May Violate ... Wall Street Journal - Dec 13, 2016 Activist investor Jonathan Litt is looking to break the controlling power of the Taubman family in Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators.Activist: The &quot;Achilles Heel&quot; of Taubman family's control over Taubman Centers - Seeking AlphaLand and Buildings Issues Letter on the Achilles Heel of the Taubman Family's ... - Business Wire "
p8
aS'Taubman Centers  Down 6.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Taubman Centers, Inc. TCO . Shares have lost about 6.5% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Taubman Centers, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold from ... - BNB Daily Taubman Centers, Inc.  Reaches $64.92 1 Year Low; 2 Analysts Covering BT ... - Wolcott Daily'
p9
aS'Taubman Centers management team to present at the Citi 2017 Global Property ... EPR Retail News  - Feb 28, 2017 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich., 2017-Mar-01 - /EPR Retail News/ - Taubman Centers, Inc.  today  announced that Robert S. Taubman, chairman, president and chief executive officer, and Simon J. Leopold, chief financial officer, will&nbsp;...Taubman Centers to Present at the Citi 2017 Global Property CEO Conference - Yahoo Finance'
p10
a.