(lp0
S'Tessco Technologies Inc. TESS  Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 News Tessco Technologies Inc.TESS. Significant News Only. 03/09/17; Press Release. TESSCO Technologies Announces Wireless Week as 2017 TESSCO One Media Partner.'
p1
aS'TESSCO Technologies Schedules Third-Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Release and ... Business Wire  - Jan 17, 2017 TESSCO Technologies, Inc.  is a value-added technology distributor, manufacturer and solutions provider. Founded more than 30 years ago with a commitment to deliver industry-leading products, knowledge, solutions and customer service, TESSCO&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"TESSCO Technologies Signs Deal with GEAR4 as Exclusive US Distributor Business Wire  - Feb 27, 2017 HUNT VALLEY, Md.----TESSCO Technologies , a value-added distributor and solutions provider for the wireless industry, today announced the company will become the exclusive US distributor for GEAR4, the UK's best&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Tessco Technologies names new CEO Baltimore Business Journal - Sep 1, 2016 Following a five-month search, Tessco Technologies Inc. on Thursday named the successor for longtime CEO Robert Barnhill. Murray Wright takes over for Barnhill, who will remain chairman of the Hunt Valley wireless technology supplier, effective&nbsp;...TESSCO Board Names Murray Wright as New CEO; Robert Barnhill Becomes Executive ... - Business Wire '
p4
aS"TESSCO Technologies'  CEO Murray Wright on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 Pete brings the diversified set of executive leadership skills and discipline to TESSCO. He was previously Vice President of Global Channels at a leading data storage and networking company and a Senior Vice President of both sales and advanced&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'TESSCO Technologies to Present at the LD Micro Main Event on December 7 Business Wire  - Nov 29, 2016 HUNT VALLEY, Md.----TESSCO Technologies Incorporated , a consultative provider of the end-to-end wireless solutions to deploy network and connectivity systems, today announced that management will be presenting to investors ...'
p6
aS'TESSCO Technologies Announces Senior Vice President Election Business Wire  - Aug 17, 2015 TESSCO Technologies Inc.  makes wireless work. The convergence of wireless and the Internet is creating opportunities for new applications that revolutionize the way we live, work and play.'
p7
aS'TESSCO Technologies Announces Wireless Week as 2017 TESSCO One Media Partner Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 Wireless Week delivers features and product content to an audience of C-level executives and management in the wireless industry via a weekly enewsletter and online at WirelessWeek.'
p8
aS'Sell-side Research Says Buy These Stocks: Teligent, Inc.  TESSCO ... Davidson Register - 9 hours ago Teligent, Inc.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.'
p9
aS"TESSCO Technologies Incorporated  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 10, 2017 TESSCO Technologies Incorporated  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.2 per ... TESS's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $.04. Zacks Investment Research ..."
p10
a.