(lp0
S"Target Is, In Fact, Very Suitable For DGI Seeking Alpha - 14 hours ago And while I'm not here to paint a rosy picture of Target's prospects, I think the assertion that Target isn't suitable for dividend investors has projected terrible business results out for many years despite the existence of little to no evidence that ...Why Analysts put forward these two stocks: Target Corporation , Reynolds ... - The USA CommerceChecking the Overall Picture for Target Corporation  - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS'Target Corporation : An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale Investorplace.com - Mar 18, 2017 Target Corporation  operates general merchandise stores in the United States and Canada. Target is a dividend champion, which has paid dividends since 1965 and raised them every year for 49 years in a row.'
p2
aS'Target names Kroger exec Burt to head grocery ops Seeking Alpha - 9 hours ago Target  appoints Kroger  veteran Jeff Burt as its new Senior VP of grocery, fresh food and beverage, as the retailer makes a renewed push to overhaul the business amid an intensifying price war.Target Names Jeff Burt Senior Vice President, Grocery, Fresh Food and Beverage - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Target Soon To Find A Bid Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Fear is overstated here. Its 10-year financials illustrate that the company is on sound footing with nothing really seriously sticking out.Target Corporation  Stock Will Keep Sinking Without This Change - Minyanville.comBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Target Corporation , US Bancorp ? - The USA Commerce'
p4
aS'Target: Fading Glory Or Comeback Kid? Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Looking at the projections for EPS, TGT can afford to pay the dividends I predict. Target Corporation  has been having more than its share of trouble lately.'
p5
aS"Target Corporation: Searching For The One-Foot Bar Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 While I personally don't shop at Target Corporation  all that often, I can't say the same thing for my wife.Target Corporation  Stock Is Even Worse Than Q4 Earnings Suggest - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  Morgan Stanley Lowers Its Price Target On Target ... - Market Exclusive"
p6
aS'Why Target Is Not A Suitable DGI Position Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Target is not among the top 10 e-tailers in the US; a really pitiful performance for a company with such a strong physical presence and which has been online in some form or another for the past 17 years.'
p7
aS'Target Is Uninvestable Right Now Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Lo and behold, the timing for that article could not have been worse, as Target released its full 2016 earnings less than a week later.'
p8
aS"Target In The Garden Portfolio Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 As I've written about, most recently in Tending the Dividend Garden - January Update, I like to group my stocks into several categories that I relate to crops from my garden."
p9
aS"Wal-Mart Vs. Target: Which Is The Better Investment? Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Is Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  a better investment than Target Corporation ? Would long WMT/short TGT be a good pairs trade?What Happened To Target's E-Commerce Business? - BenzingaWal-Mart Stores Inc  Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So - Investorplace.com"
p10
a.