(lp0
S'Thoratec And The War In Heart Pumps Seeking Alpha - Jul 9, 2013 In June, California-based Thoratec  acquired the DuraHeart II ventricular assist system from the Japanese company Terumo for an upfront payment of $13 million and potential milestone payments of up to $43.5 million.'
p1
aS'Thoratec Stays One Beat Ahead Of The Rest Seeking Alpha - Dec 31, 2012 Thoratec  is, without a doubt, the global market leader in the mechanical circulatory support industry and owes that title primarily to the success of its Heartmate II Left Ventricular Assist Device  product.'
p2
aS'Thoratec Acquires DuraHeart II Ventricular Assist System PR Newswire  - Jul 1, 2013 PLEASANTON, Calif., July 1, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Thoratec Corporation , a world leader in device-based mechanical circulatory support therapies to save, support and restore failing hearts, said today it has acquired the DuraHeart II&nbsp;...Terumo sells DuraHeart technology to California-based Thoratec Corp. for $13M - AnnArbor.com'
p3
aS'Thoratec Announces Development Agreement With WiTricity for Proprietary Energy ... PR Newswire  - May 10, 2011 PLEASANTON, Calif., May 10, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Thoratec Corporation , a world leader in device-based mechanical circulatory support therapies to save, support and restore failing hearts, today announced a technology development&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Thoratec Announces Addition To Senior Management Team PR Newswire  - May 1, 2015 PLEASANTON, Calif., May 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Thoratec Corporation , a world leader in mechanical circulatory support therapies to save, support and restore failing hearts, announced today that Marta Antonucci has joined Thoratec in&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Thoratec Appoints Taylor C. Harris As Chief Financial Officer PR Newswire  - Oct 11, 2012 PLEASANTON, Calif., Oct. 11, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Thoratec Corporation , a world leader in device-based mechanical circulatory support  therapies to save, support and restore failing hearts, today announced that its Board of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'St. Jude Medical  Announces Completion of $3.3B Thoratec Acquisition StreetInsider.com - Oct 8, 2015 St. Jude Medical  announced it has completed the previously announced acquisition of Thoratec Corporation, a worldwide leader in mechanical circulatory support  technology for the treatment of advanced heart failure .St. Jude Medical Completes Acquisition of Thoratec - Business Wire St. Jude Medical completes Thoratec acquisition to expand its heart failure ... - Cardiovascular Business'
p7
aS'Thoratec Corp. expanding its operations Woburn Daily Times - Mar 12, 2014 BURLINGTON - Thoratec Corporation, a heart-assist device company currently located at 23 Fourth Ave. in the Northwest Park, recently gained unanimous approval from the Planning Board to expand its operations to 168 Middlesex Turnpike.'
p8
aS'Thoratec Acquires Apica Cardiovascular PR Newswire  - Jul 2, 2014 PLEASANTON, Calif., July 2, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Thoratec Corporation , a world leader in device-based mechanical circulatory support therapies to save, support and restore failing hearts, said today that it has acquired Apica&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Thoratec Receives Conditional FDA Approval For The Shield II US Clinical Trial ... PR Newswire  - May 26, 2015 PLEASANTON, Calif., May 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Thoratec Corporation , a world leader in mechanical circulatory support therapies to save, support and restore failing hearts, announced that the FDA has granted conditional approval for&nbsp;...'
p10
a.