(lp0
S"Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Class A  Breaks into New 52-Week High ... Equities.com - 9 hours ago Taylor Morrison Home Corp is a public homebuilder in United States. It builds single-family detached and attached homes and develops land, which includes lifestyle and master-planned communities.Today's Brokerage Rating: Taylor Morrison Home Corp. , Xylem Inc.  - StockNewsJournalAnalysts' Recommendations Stocks News Review: Chemours Co  &amp; Taylor ... - Daily News Journal"
p1
aS'News Taylor Morrison Home Corp.TMHC Wall Street Journal - Apr 8, 2013 News Taylor Morrison Home Corp.TMHC. Significant News Only. 03/07/17; Press Release. Taylor Morrison President and CEO Sheryl Palmer Appointed to HomeAid America Board of Directors.'
p2
aS"Taylor Morrison pays $85 million for Atlanta homebuilder azcentral.com - Jan 11, 2016 Acadia Homes &amp; Neighborhoods has 20 communities with homes for sale in Georgia. This is Taylor Morrison's second acquisition in Atlanta. Last year, the homebuilder bought JEH. With Acadia joining the Taylor Morrison family, we'll be able to expand our&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Home Builder Taylor Morrison Sells Canadian Unit Wall Street Journal - Dec 16, 2014 Home builder Taylor Morrison Home Corp. is pulling out of Canada, agreeing to sell its Canadian operations to competitor Mattamy Homes Ltd.Mattamy Homes to buy Monarch Corp. in $330-million deal - The Globe and Mail Mattamy Homes to buy Monarch Homes for $330 million - Ottawa Citizen'
p4
aS'Taylor Morrison Buys Three Markets From Orleans Homes Wall Street Journal - Jul 21, 2015 Taylor Morrison Home Corp. has clinched its fourth major deal in the past 16 months, establishing itself as more of a buyer than a seller as the home-building industry consolidates.National homebuilder enters Charlotte market via $166M portfolio buy - Charlotte Business Journal'
p5
aS'Taylor Morrison IPO to Triple Value of Oaktree, TPG Stake Bloomberg - Apr 9, 2013 TPG Capital and Oaktree Capital Management LP stand to triple the value of their stake in Taylor Morrison Home Corp. by taking the builder public just two years after leading a buyout of the company.Taylor Morrison IPO raises $526 million - Arizona Republic'
p6
aS"Residential Construction Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Lennar, TRI Pointe ... PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2017 Pre-market today, Stock-Callers.com reviews these four Residential Construction stocks: Lennar Corporation , TRI Pointe Group Inc. , Taylor Morrison Home Corporation , and Gafisa S.A. . Learn more&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Credit Suisse Presents Its Homebuilding Stock 'Shopping List' Benzinga - Jun 29, 2016 Britain's departure from the European Union is likely to have far reaching economic implications worldwide. However, analysts at Credit Suisse don't believe U.S."
p8
aS"Taylor Morrison buying Atlanta homebuilder for $85 million Atlanta Business Chronicle - Jan 8, 2016 The Acadia Homes acquisition is an effort to expand Taylor Morrison's existing footprint in Atlanta to core 'move up' segments within the market, she said."
p9
aS"Taylor Morrison Home Corp  Stock Moves Down and Here's Why The Ledger Gazette - Feb 14, 2017 Taylor Morrison Home Corp  shares fell on Tuesday February 14 on lower trade volume than normal after a number of analysts weighed in on the investing value of the stock with a downgraded rating.Taylor Morrison Home Corp  Downgraded to Market Perform at FBR &amp; Co - BNB Daily FBR &amp; Co. Just Issued  Mkt Perform Rating on Taylor Morrison Home Corp  - Highland Mirror"
p10
a.