(lp0
S"Stock Returns: State Bank Financial Corporation  versus Tompkins ... CML News - 13 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for State Bank Financial Corporation  versus Tompkins Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Which Analysts Are Watching Tompkins Financial Corporation ? - Fiscal StandardShareholders Traded Stock: Tompkins Financial Corporation's  has stock ... - Street Updates"
p1
aS'Decision Time: Tompkins Financial Corporation  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - 13 hours ago Decision Time: Tompkins Financial Corporation  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p2
aS'Tompkins Financial Corporation: Double-Digit Returns, Top-Notch Community Bank Seeking Alpha - Jul 14, 2014 Tompkins Financial Corporation  is a financial holding company headquartered in Ithaca New York. It has six subsidiaries that operate in 12 counties within New York State and 5 counties in Pennsylvania.'
p3
aS'Tompkins Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Tompkins Financial Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.8% to close at $86.51.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Tompkins Financial Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Tompkins Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 16 Equities.com - Mar 16, 2017 Tompkins Financial Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 16, as the stock gained 1.05% to close at $84.98.'
p5
aS'Tompkins Financial Corporation Names Brian Howard as New President of Tompkins ... Yahoo Finance - Aug 1, 2016 Tompkins Financial Corporation  - Tompkins Financial announces that Brian A. Howard has been named president of Tompkins Financial Advisors, the wealth management division of the company, with offices in Ithaca, Pittsford and White Plains, New&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Tompkins Financial prepares to expand Ithaca footprint Ithaca Journal - Mar 25, 2016 Tompkins Financial Corp. Year founded: 1836 , 1995 . Local address: Box 460, Ithaca.'
p7
aS'Tompkins Financial Corp. to start work on new downtown Ithaca HQ The Ithaca Voice - May 31, 2016 ITHACA, N.Y. -- Tompkins Financial Corporation will be starting construction of their new downtown office in the coming weeks.'
p8
aS"Tompkins Financial Corporation Begins Construction On Downtown Ithaca Headquarters Lansing Star - Jun 24, 2016 &quot;As an organization, we've always been committed to the communities we serve,&quot; said Steve Romaine, president and CEO of Tompkins Financial Corporation at a press event last Friday. &quot;This building is representative of our commitment to downtown Ithaca,&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Tompkins Financial Names Alyssa H. Fontaine EVP &amp; General Counsel Business Wire  - Dec 14, 2015 Alyssa H. Fontaine will join Tompkins Financial Corporation as Executive Vice President and General Counsel effective January 1, 2016.'
p10
a.