(lp0
S'Why Tempur Sealy International Inc Shares Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 Mattress Firm parent Steinhoff International Holdings, which bought the retailer a few months ago, said it wanted to make significant changes to its contract with Tempur Sealy, including economic concessions. After the two sides failed to come to an ...Tempur Sealy: Not Down Nearly Enough - Seeking AlphaTempur Sealy scraps contracts with biggest customer Mattress Firm - Reuters'
p1
aS"Tempur-Pedic Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Debut of Limited-Edition TEMPUR ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 The architect of that vision was Robert &quot;Bobby&quot; Trussell, Tempur-Pedic company founder and first CEO. Now a member of the Board of Directors for Tempur Sealy International, Trussell's way of thinking has been a guiding force every step of the way.Trusted Sealy Mattress Brand Gets Strongest Refresh in 130-Year History - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Today Analysts Focus on Tempur Sealy International, Inc. , Retail ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.To Buy Or Sell Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  On Latest Analyst ... - Fiscal StandardAnalysts' Recommendations Stocks Buzz: Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE ... - Daily News Journal"
p3
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Tempur Sealy International, Inc., 37.5% Follow ... Nasdaq - Feb 16, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p4
aS'TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc. is a bedding provider. The Company develops, manufactures, markets and distributes bedding products.Lookout for Price Target? QEP Resources, Inc. , Tempur Sealy ... - StockNewsJournalTempur Sealy International, Inc.  held by 27 SEC 13F Filers - Post Analyst'
p5
aS"Stearns &amp; Foster Celebrates Record Year for Sales and Previews Plans to Go Big ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 &quot;For a brand that was established in 1846, it's gratifying to see that after 170 years we are still the industry leader in comfort, quality and craftsmanship,&quot; said Scott Thompson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tempur Sealy ..."
p6
aS"Why Tempur Sealy International Inc Stock Jumped Today Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 Shares of Tempur-Pedic and Sealy mattress maker Tempur Sealy International  jumped as much as 13.6% on Thursday following the company's third-quarter financial report, which included higher-than-expected adjusted profit. The stock closed&nbsp;...Tempur Sealy International's  CEO Scott Thompson on Q3 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Tempur Sealy Adopts Stockholder Rights Plan PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2017 LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  today announced that its Board of Directors has approved the adoption of a limited duration stockholder rights plan  and declared a dividend&nbsp;...Tempur Sealy adopts poison pill - Seeking AlphaACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Tempur Sealy International, Inc. (TPX ... - The USA Commerce'
p8
aS'Share Watch: Examining the Levels for Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 13 hours ago Looking at shares of Tempur Sealy International, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 4367582.'
p9
aS'What Makes Tempur Sealy International  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Tempur Sealy International, Inc. TPX, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the ...Lookout for Price Target? Valley National Bancorp , Tempur Sealy ... - StockNewsJournal'
p10
a.