(lp0
S"Trex Company, Inc. Stock Up 13%: Here's Why Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 Trex is seeing growth from DIYers and professionals. Image source: Trex Company, Inc. What: Shares of Trex Company, Inc.  are up nearly 13.5% at 1 p.m. EDT on August 2, following the company's second-quarter earnings report, released after&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Trex Company Inc Keeps Turning Modest Sales Growth Into Big Profits: Key ... Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Trex Company Inc  reported financial results for its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 on Feb. 21, delivering another quarter of steady revenue growth, and very strong profits.Trex Company, Inc.  Announces Earnings Results - BNB Daily Trex Company Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.com'
p2
aS"Is Trex Company, Inc. Entering Its Biggest Growth Phase? Motley Fool - Aug 10, 2016 A key part of Trex Company, Inc.'s  marketing strategy for the past several years has been distinguishing itself from its competitors in the wood-alternative decking business."
p3
aS"Trex Company, Inc. Keeps Building a Bigger Business Motley Fool - May 11, 2016 Trex is targeting the 84% of decking that's still wood in its new marketing. That's a huge opportunity. Trex Company  already has by far the most market share in the wood-alternative segment of the decking industry, owning more than 40% of ..."
p4
aS'Trex Company, Inc. Stock Up 10% on Earnings, Guidance Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2016 What: Shares of alternative wood decking, deck rail, lighting accessory, and recycled polyethylene pellet (remember when it was just decking?Trex reports record sales and profit - Plastics News'
p5
aS"What to Expect When Trex Company, Inc. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Jul 30, 2016 Image source: Trex Company. There aren't a lot of companies that can say they have more than 40% market share in their industries, yet still have enormous growth potential."
p6
aS"Traders Checklist Stock: Trex Company, Inc.  Is stories - 15 hours ago Trex Company, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -0.21% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 72.74. The company's last traded volume of 0.34 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 0.26 million shares."
p7
aS'Did Trex Company, Inc. Stumble Last Quarter? Motley Fool - Oct 31, 2015 Seasonality was the big reason fewer Trex decks got built last quarter, not weak demand. Source: Trex. Leading recycled wood-alternative decking and railing manufacturer Trex Company  released its third-quarter financial results on October&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Trex Company Inc  is Beating AO Smith Corporation ... CML News - 12 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for A. O. Smith Corporation  versus Trex Company Inc  .Trex Company Inc  Receives Average Rating of Hold from Brokerages - Chaffey BreezeTo Buy Or Sell Trex Company, Inc.  On Latest Analyst Consensus - Fiscal Standard'
p9
aS'Market View: Watching the Numbers for Trex Company, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 11 hours ago Trex Company, Inc.  has an EV  of 2135717. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.'
p10
a.