(lp0
S"Trustmark Corp , RB Bancorporation Enter $25.6M Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com - Nov 14, 2016 RB Bancorporation's bank subsidiary, Reliance Bank, will merge into Trustmark National Bank simultaneously with the merger of the respective parent companies.Trustmark announces $26 million merger - Memphis Business JournalTrustmark buys Alabama bank, beefs up its presence in state - Birmingham Business Journal"
p1
aS'The New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2289000 Stake in Trustmark ... Petro Global News 24 - 1 hour ago New York State Teachers Retirement System maintained its position in Trustmark Corp  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Stocks Alert FirstEnergy Corp. , Trustmark Corp  - Daily News JournalComerica Bank Increases Position in Trustmark Corp  - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'Trustmark Corp  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Sports Perspectives - Mar 15, 2017 Trustmark Corp logo Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in Trustmark Corp  by 10.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p3
aS'The Trustmark Corp  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in shares of Trustmark Corp  by 10.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Trustmark Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 16 - Equities.comLarge Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Trustmark Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p4
aS"Fitch Affirms Trustmark Corp at 'BBB+' Following Midtier Regional Bank Review ... Business Wire  - Jan 28, 2016 CHICAGO----Fitch Ratings has affirmed Trustmark Corp.'s  ratings at 'BBB+/F2'. The Rating Outlook remains Stable."
p5
aS'Trustmark completes acquisition of Mobile-based BancTrust al.com  - Feb 16, 2013 JACKSON, Mississippi -- Trustmark Corp. on Friday said it had completed its acquisition of BancTrust Financial Group Inc., in Mobile, as well as the merger of BankTrust with and into Trustmark National Bank. The merger expands the Jackson, Miss.-based&nbsp;...Trustmark Corporation Completes Merger with BancTrust Financial Group, Inc. - Business Wire '
p6
aS'The United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Maintains Position in Trustmark Corp ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 11, 2017 United Capital Financial Advisers LLC held its stake in Trustmark Corp  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in ... - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS"Trustmark Corp.  Releases Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Sports Perspectives - Jan 25, 2017 Trustmark Corp. logo Trustmark Corp.  announced its earnings results on Tuesday. The financial services provider reported $0.43 earnings per share  for the quarter, hitting the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.43.How does Trustmark Corporation  fare as a dividend stock? - Simply Wall St"
p8
aS'Form 4 TRUSTMARK CORP For: Feb 16 Filed by: Tyler Breck W StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 News and research before you hear about it on CNBC and others. Claim your 2-week free trial to StreetInsider Premium here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.'
p9
aS"Trustmark National Bank Selects CONIX Systems' Fraud Detective Send2Press Newswire  - Sep 29, 2014 28, 2013  - CONIX Systems, Inc. , a leading international provider of payment processing solutions to the financial services industry, is pleased to announce that Trustmark National Bank  will add Fraud&nbsp;..."
p10
a.