(lp0
S"How Many Vehicles Will Tesla, Inc. Deliver in Q1? Motley Fool - 9 hours ago Typically, Tesla investors have some solid visibility into potential vehicle deliveries for a given quarter. But there's much more uncertainty surrounding this quarter's possible deliveries than usual, as Tesla opted to only provide guidance for the ...Tesla Inc Stock Price Target Boosted After Capital Raise - ValueWalk"
p1
aS"Tesla Inc.'s Capital Expenditures Could Soar Nearly 200% This Year Motley Fool - Mar 18, 2017 On Thursday, electric-car company Tesla  followed through on CEO Elon Musk's recent commentary regarding a likely capital raise to reduce risk associated with rapidly increasing spending for its ambitious growth plans.A Tesla Inc  Cash Raise Gets  A Hero's Welcome? - Investorplace.comTesla, Inc. Raises $1.2 Billion in Offerings - Madison.com"
p2
aS"3 Ways Tesla Inc  Stock Can Reach $500 and Beyond Investorplace.com - 12 hours ago Tesla Inc  is going to $500. At least, that's the word according to Iou1000, a message board participant at Seeking Alpha."
p3
aS"Tesla, Inc. Makes Up Its Mind: Time to Raise Capital Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 This raised the notion that Tesla may need to raise capital yet again. Tesla was able to mostly address this concern by aggressively shifting away from solar leases and toward sales, which pulls forward both revenue recognition and cash flow; Tesla's ...5 Reasons to be Excited About Tesla Inc  Shares - Smarter AnalystTesla Inc  to Debut Tesla Model Y in 2018 - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS"Monday's Vital Data: Bank of America Corp , Tesla Inc.  and Snap ... Investorplace.com - 17 hours ago U.S. stock futures are headed lower this morning, as Wall Street prepares for a deluge of Federal Reserve speakers following last week's interest rate hike."
p5
aS"Tesla, Inc: Likely to Raise Capital Soon Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Going into 2017, Tesla CEO Elon Musk had already hinted that the company could raise capital ahead of Model 3. In the company's third-quarter earnings call, Musk said the Model 3 didn't look like it would &quot;require&quot; a capital raise, but the CEO was also&nbsp;...Tesla Inc. Earnings: Sales Soar, and Model 3 Is Coming - Madison.comTesla Inc posts narrower quarterly loss but says Model 3 sedan still on track ... - Financial Post"
p6
aS"Why Tesla, Inc. Stock Is Down Today Motley Fool - Feb 27, 2017 While Tesla's cash position improved by about $300 million to $3.4 billion in the fourth quarter, Tesla expects to invest between $2 billion and $2.5 billion in capital spending in the first half of 2017, dwarfing its $1.3 billion in capital ...Stanphyl Still Short Tesla Inc.  Has Questions About Executive Departures - ValueWalkPlay Tesla Inc  Stock Before It Swings Back North - Investorplace.com"
p7
aS"Tesla, Inc. Sales in China More Than Tripled in 2016 Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 As Tesla  prepared to begin deliveries in China in 2014, management was particularly bullish on the market. Indeed, Tesla's former China operations chief Veronica Wu estimated sales in the country would quickly grow to represent a third of&nbsp;...Tesla will need billions to make US Supercharger network compete with gas ... - CNBC"
p8
aS"4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 While Tesla's  fourth-quarter earnings release a few weeks ago included a handful of nuggets for investors, including the company's current financial situation and management's guidance for vehicle sales and capital spending in the first ...Tesla Inc.  CEO Elon Musk Has New Merchandise for His &quot;Boring Company&quot; - Smrt Stck Nws"
p9
aS"Ahead of Model 3 Production, Tesla Inc.'s Spending Is About to Soar Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 Even though 2016 was a big year of growth for Tesla , as revenue and vehicle deliveries soared, the electric-car maker's capital expenditures during the year declined impressively compared with 2015.Is the Reversal in Tesla Inc  Stock a Buying Opportunity? - Investorplace.comTesla launches Project Loveday contest for fan-made commercials - Teslarati"
p10
a.