(lp0
S"Looking at the Tea Leaves for Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p1
aS'Better Buy: Take-Two Interactive Software vs Electronic Arts Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Investors interested in the video game industry should find both Electronic Arts  and Take-Two Interactive Software  appealing. Both are expanding margins as digital revenue opportunities from in-game content and mobile&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Active Volume Stock: Take-Two Interactive Software Inc.  HugoPress - 16 hours ago Oppenheimer Initiates Coverage On Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. 's stock to Outperform with no specific Price Target.Why to Keeping Eye on Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. , Genworth ... - StockNewsJournalPutnam Investments LLC Purchases Shares of 24833 Take Two Interactive Software ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p3
aS'Stock Alert: Take-Two Interactive Software Inc Realized Volatility Hits An ... CML News - 9 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Take-Two Interactive Software Inc  has seen its stock price move at a tumbling low level.'
p4
aS"Tech Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Take-Two Interactive Software, Avid ... PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 Pre-market today, Stock-Callers.com reviews these four Technology stocks: Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. , Avid Technology Inc. , Equinix Inc. , and Interxion Holding N.V."
p5
aS'Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  Bearish Target At $67 Stock Observer - 11 hours ago Zacks Research ABR on Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  is 1.67. Average brokerage rating notes the stock ratings of research groups in the industry.'
p6
aS'Earnings Clues on Aspen Technology, Inc. , Take-Two Interactive Software ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $59.51, it has a price-to-book ratio of 7.26, compared to an industry average at 2.40.Take-Two Interactive Software Inc Risk Points versus Technology - CML News'
p7
aS'What is the Sell-side Saying About Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (NASDAQ ... Aiken Advocate - Mar 17, 2017 When a company reports earnings, the reports are intensely examined by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can give insight into the profitability of a company.'
p8
aS"Featured Stock Update: Take-Two Interactive Software Inc.  HugoPress - Mar 16, 2017 Oppenheimer Initiates Coverage On Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. 's stock to Outperform with no specific Price Target.The Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Sells 590 Shares of Take Two ... - Petro Global News 24"
p9
aS"Can We Learn Anything From The Technical Chart of Take-Two Interactive ... NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.