(lp0
S'Why Shares of Tumi Holdings Inc. Rocketed Higher Today Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2016 What: Shares of luxury luggage maker Tumi Holdings  surged on Thursday following a Wall Street Journal report that luggage giant Samsonite International was close to acquiring the company.Samsonite to Buy Tumi for About $1.8 Billion in Biggest Deal - BloombergSamsonite to Acquire Tumi Holdings  in $1.8B All-Cash Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS"Tumi Holdings Inc. Earnings: Global Expansion Fuels Profit Growth Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2016 Tumi's international direct-to-consumer division, when measured in euros, saw full-price comparable-store sales rise 7%, outlet comps increase 11.6%, and e-commerce website sales jump 35.1%."
p2
aS'Tumi Holdings Inc Profits Rise Despite FX Headwinds Motley Fool - Nov 11, 2015 Tumi Holdings  reported third quarter results on Nov. 4. The high-end luggage company limited promotional activity during the quarter -- a strategy that helped boost earnings even as foreign exchange dampened its international sales growth.'
p3
aS"With Buyout in the Offing, Tumi Holdings Inc Stock Isn't Very Risky. What That ... Motley Fool - Apr 24, 2016 After years of trading sideways, high-end luggage maker Tumi Holidngs  entered a deal to be snatched up by Samsonite International earlier this year for $1.8 billion, or the equivalent of $26.75 a share in an all-cash deal."
p4
aS'Tumi Holdings Inc. - Slow Growth Slays Price Target Seeking Alpha - Nov 12, 2015 Benefits from acquisition of International Distributions will not be enough to offset adverse impact of weak demand. Lowering guidance for second time suggest that Tumi Holdings is trapped by cyclical slowdown in consumer discretionary spending.'
p5
aS'Tumi Is A Small Cap Stock To Watch Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2016 For those unfamiliar with Tumi Holdings, Inc. , it is a designer, manufacturer and retailer of premium travel and business products and accessories, like those shown above.'
p6
aS"Tumi Holdings Inc  Closer to Being Acquired by Samsonite with ... Small Cap Exclusive  - Jul 13, 2016 Tumi Holdings Inc  shares were flat at $26.72 on Tuesday even as shareholders backed the company's plans to be acquired by luggage-maker Samsonite.Tumi Holdings  Holders Adoption Merger Agreement with Samsonite - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS"Tumi: Expensive Bags, Expensive Stock Seeking Alpha - Feb 18, 2013 In light of Coach's  recent plunge, I've started to take a look at other mid-tier consumer goods/apparel companies that are both vulnerable and expensive."
p8
aS'Tumi Holdings Announces Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... Business Wire  - Feb 24, 2016 SOUTH PLAINFIELD, N.J.----Tumi Holdings, Inc. , the leading global brand of premium travel, business and lifestyle products and accessories, today announced its financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended&nbsp;...Tumi Holdings  Jerome Squire Griffith on Q4 2015 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha'
p9
aS'Tumi Holdings Inc , Heineken Partner For Custom Products Under ... Market Exclusive - Aug 2, 2016 Under Heineken 100 initiative, Heineken partners with what it calls most innovative retail brands such as Tumi in this case to created limited-edition of co-branded products.'
p10
a.