(lp0
S"Better Buy: Time Warner Cable Inc. vs. Time Warner Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2016 Shows like Game of Thrones may be more important than owning distribution channels going forward. Image Source: HBO. Aside from their interlocked history and names that cause confusion, Time Warner  and Time Warner Cable &nbsp;...Your Stories: What to expect with Time Warner Cable's 'all-digital' changes - WSYR"
p1
aS"So Long Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Maligned Brand Bloomberg - May 17, 2016 Time Warner Cable, which had the worst customer-service score in any industry according to a 2015 survey, won't survive Charter Communications Inc.'s acquisition.Charter Communications Completes Acquisition of Time Warner Cable - Wall Street JournalCharter Communications completes purchase of Time Warner Cable - Reuters"
p2
aS"Time Warner Cable Inc. Earnings: What to Watch Motley Fool - Apr 24, 2016 Time Warner Cable  is set to post first-quarter earnings results on Thursday, April 28, just as its merger deal with Charter Communications  seems to be progressing toward final approval.US approves Charter's Time Warner Cable buy with conditions - Reuters"
p3
aS'Sprint Wins $139.8 Million in Time Warner Cable Patent Trial Bloomberg - Mar 3, 2017 The jury found that Time Warner Cable infringed five patents for Voice-over-Internet Protocol and awarded our full damages demand, said Sprint spokeswoman Lisa Dimino, who said the Overland Park, Kansas-based company was pleased with the verdict.'
p4
aS"Time Warner Cable Inc.'s Best Business Segment Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2016 Time Warner Cable  recently managed to add cable subscribers for the first time in nine years. Yet the video entertainment delivery business, which accounts for just over half of TWC's revenue, was still a drag on operating performance: Sales ...Time Warner Cable customers receive faster Internet - WLKY LouisvilleTime Warner Cable ramps up speeds in Louisville - Louisville Business First"
p5
aS'How Safe Is Time Warner Cable Inc. Stock? Motley Fool - Apr 2, 2016 After more than two years of regulatory review, Time Warner Cable  appears to be close to winning approval of its proposed merger with Charter Communications .Dodgers Fans May Have To Switch To Time Warner Cable Inc  - Market Exclusive'
p6
aS"Better Buy: Time Warner Cable Inc. vs. Dish Network Motley Fool - Mar 22, 2016 The pending Charter/Time Warner Cable deal and AT&amp;T's recent purchase of DirecTV leave Dish Network as a bit of a outlier: an attractive, somewhat smaller company with a strong subscriber base that's ripe for a takeover or merger, or in a position to ..."
p7
aS"Goodbye, Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Maligned Brand AdAge.com  - May 18, 2016 Time Warner Cable, which had the worst customer-service score in any industry according to a 2015 survey, won't survive Charter Communications Inc.'s acquisition."
p8
aS"It's Time Warner Inc., not Time Warner cable Marketplace.org - Oct 27, 2016 ... the CEO of Time Warner, will testify&quot;, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal. Their mistake? Robert Marcus is the CEO of Time Warner Cable, which was bought by Charter Communications recently. AT&amp;T is buying Time Warner Inc., which ...The US government totally just summoned the wrong Time Warner to testify about ... - QuartzAT&amp;T is not buying Time Warner Cable - Yahoo Finance"
p9
aS'Charter Wins Final US Approval for Time Warner Cable Deal Bloomberg - May 6, 2016 Charter Communications Inc. won final U.S. clearance for its purchase of Time Warner Cable Inc. from the Federal Communications Commission, leaving approval from California as the last regulatory hurdle for the $55.1 billion deal.FCC confirms approval of Charter, Time Warner Cable merger - ReutersFCC approves Charter Communications acquisition of Time Warner Cable - MarketWatch'
p10
a.