(lp0
S"Texas Roadhouse: Their Rolls Are Not Worth The Risk Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Texas Roadhouse's goal is to offer legendary food and legendary service to every guest that walks in the door. Each guest is greeted with friendly waitstaff, all you can eat peanuts, and the amazing Fresh-Baked Bread with homemade honey cinnamon butter&nbsp;...Texas Roadhouse Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comShort Interest in Texas Roadhouse Inc  Rises By 28.0% - Chaffey Breeze"
p1
aS"Why Texas Roadhouse, Inc. Stock Got Slaughtered Today Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 Shares of Texas Roadhouse, Inc.  were getting chopped today after the steakhouse chain turned in a disappointing fourth-quarter earnings report.Texas Roadhouse is taking a dive on Wall Street  here's why - Louisville Business FirstTexas Roadhouse Inc  Stock Tanks on Q4 Earnings Miss - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS"Texas Roadhouse Gets Crushed By High Expectations Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 I was a long time bull on Texas Roadhouse  because it seemed to have taken the market a long time to figure out that a tremendous growth story was in play.Guess Who Picked Up Texas Roadhouse Inc.  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive Can Texas Roadhouse Stock Bounce Back After Last Week's 12% Drop? - Motley Fool"
p3
aS'Texas Roadhouse Inc  Upgraded to Buy by BTIG Research Chaffey Breeze - 11 hours ago Texas Roadhouse Inc logo BTIG Research upgraded shares of Texas Roadhouse Inc  from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday.Which insiders are trading Texas Roadhouse, Inc. ? - Post AnalystRevenue Approximations Analysis: Texas Roadhouse, Inc. , Northwestern ... - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Texas Roadhouse Inc Implied Price Swing ... CML News - 11 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Texas Roadhouse Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p5
aS'Market View: Checking on the Technicals for Texas Roadhouse, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 16 hours ago Texas Roadhouse, Inc.  has an EV  of 3183294. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.'
p6
aS'Q4 Casual Dining Cage Match: Texas Roadhouse Vs. Red Robin Benzinga - Feb 22, 2017 Against a challenging restaurant environment, Texas Roadhouse Inc  and Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.  announced weak Q4 same-store sales.'
p7
aS"Texas Roadhouse Blowing Smoke To Delay Bias Retrial: EEOC Law360  - Mar 9, 2017 Law360, New York  -- The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission shot back in Massachusetts federal court on Wednesday at Texas Roadhouse Inc.'s bid to delay an upcoming retrial in an age-discrimination suit because of&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Texas Roadhouse Inc  Rating Increased to Outperform at Robert W. Baird The Cerbat Gem - Mar 14, 2017 Texas Roadhouse logo Texas Roadhouse Inc  was upgraded by equities researchers at Robert W. Baird from a neutral rating to an outperform rating in a report released on Tuesday.'
p9
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Texas Roadhouse, Inc. , Apartment ... The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of Texas Roadhouse, Inc.  surged 0.98% to $41.07. During the trading on 03/14/2017, Company's stock ranged from $40.71 to $41.77."
p10
a.