(lp0
S'Why A Government-Run, Single-Payer Healthcare Approach Is Doomed To Fail Forbes - Dec 6, 2014 On the surface, the arguments sound reasonable. Cut out the middlemanthe insurance companyand use the savings to provide universal coverage at lower cost.'
p1
aS'Stock Levels in View for United American Healthcare Corp.  Baxter Review - Feb 8, 2017 United American Healthcare Corp.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.063462. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p2
aS'The Fake Freedom of American Health Care New York Times - Mar 18, 2017 Ahead of the United States are South Korea, Israel, Australia, Sweden and Finland, all with some form of government-managed universal health care. And when it comes to cervical cancer, American women are at a significant disadvantage: The United States&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Donald Trump has not faced a challenge like fixing American health care before The Economist - Mar 16, 2017 He did not build a globally significant corporation . Instead he turned himself into a brand. He is a salesman whose greatest product is himself, slapping ...'
p4
aS'United States: Medicaid &amp; The American Health Care Act Mondaq News Alerts  - 13 hours ago On March 6, 2017, the House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee  and Ways &amp; Means Committee  officially released draft legislation, the &quot;American Health Care Act&quot; , that would repeal and replace parts of the Affordable Care Act &nbsp;...Republicans unveil make-or-break bid to repeal and replace Obamacare - The GuardianAn Ethical Analysis of the American Health Care Act - Justia Verdict'
p5
aS"Warfare helps explain why American welfare is different The Economist - Mar 16, 2017 THE House Republicans' health-care plan, the American Health Care Act, may, if enacted, leave 24m Americans without coverage, in the judgment of the Congressional Budget Office. But for those determined to shrink the government, that may not be&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Medical providers oppose Trump-backed health plan, Democrats take aim Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 The legislation aims to repeal and replace the Obamacare law, which Republicans call a government overreach that has ruined healthcare in the United States. Trump and fellow Republicans in Congress campaigned last year on a promise to dismantle the&nbsp;...Groups lining up in opposition to GOP health care plan - CNNQ&amp;A: The facts on the Republican health care bill - USA TODAY'
p7
aS"Bucks County Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick says he can't support GOP's ... Bucks Local News - 15 hours ago MIDDLETOWN TOWNSHIP &gt;&gt; Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick , in a statement released on March 19, said he cannot supporting the American Health Care Act being proposed by the Trump Administration and the Republican leadership in the House. The ..."
p8
aS"Financing health care in the United States Fairfield Daily Republic - Mar 19, 2017 Currently, the American health care system is a piecemeal of government-provided insurance for the elderly and poor, and private insurance bought through employers or by individuals.14 million Americans could lose insurance under new Republican healthcare plan - The Straits Times24 million would lose health insurance coverage by 2026 under GOP's Obamacare ... - CNBC"
p9
aS"Griffin-American Healthcare REIT III Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 ... PR Newswire  - 10 hours ago IRVINE, Calif., March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Griffin-American Healthcare REIT III, Inc. today announced operating results for the company's fourth quarter and year ended Dec. 31, 2016."
p10
a.