(lp0
S'Traders Take Note: United Bancorp Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - 13 hours ago Take Note: United Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'United Bancorp, Inc. Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend Payment of $0.11 per ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 MARTINS FERRY, Ohio, Feb. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- On February 22, 2017, the Board of Directors of United Bancorp, Inc.  declared the first quarter dividend payment of $0.11 per common share for shareholders of record on March 10, 2017, with a&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'United Bancorp Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for United Bancorp Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p3
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: United Bancorp Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for United Bancorp Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p4
aS'United Bancorp, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.11  Sports Perspectives - Mar 3, 2017 United Bancorp logo United Bancorp, Inc.  announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, February 23rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th will be paid a dividend of 0.11 per share by the financial services provider on Monday,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Stock Returns: People's United Financial Inc  versus S&amp;T Bancorp ... CML News - 10 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for People's United Financial Inc  versus S&amp;T Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Hingham Institution for Savings  is Beating United ... CML News - 11 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Hingham Institution for Savings  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating PHH ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for PHH Corporation  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .Brokers Issue New Targets On United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy United Financial Bancorp ... - The De Soto Edge'
p8
aS'United Financial Bancorp Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 United Financial Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.41% to close at $17.25.'
p9
aS'Traders Take Note: United Financial Bancorp Inc  Stock Has ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Take Note: United Financial Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.