(lp0
S'United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  Announces Dates for Q4 2016 Earnings ... PR Newswire  - Jan 3, 2017 GLASTONBURY, Conn., Jan. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  , the holding company for United Bank , today announced that it expects to&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Hingham Institution for Savings  is Beating United ... CML News - 13 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Hingham Institution for Savings  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p2
aS'Traders Take Note: United Financial Bancorp Inc  Stock Has ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Take Note: United Financial Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'United Financial Bancorp Sees Profits Soar To Record Levels Hartford Courant - Jan 24, 2017 The Glastonbury-based parent of United Bank said Tuesday its profits soared to record levels in the fourth quarter, boosted by strong loan growth and asset quality.'
p4
aS'United Financial Bancorp Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 United Financial Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.41% to close at $17.25.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating Northwest ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Northwest Bancshares Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: LendingTree Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp ... CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for LendingTree Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Dime Community Bancshares Inc  versus United ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Dime Community Bancshares Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Meridian Bancorp Inc  versus United Financial ... CML News - Feb 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Meridian Bancorp Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Financial ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.