(lp0
S'Uni-Select Inc.: FinishMaster Acquires Annex Group Inc. Marketwired  - Apr 4, 2016 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - FinishMaster, Inc., a leading distributor of paint and related products in the United States and subsidiary of Uni-Select Inc. , a leading distributor of automotive products in Canada,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Now Is the Time to Buy Uni Select Inc. The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 11, 2017 In case you haven't head of Uni Select Inc.  before, you may want to remember the company. This is one stock that should be in your portfolio."
p2
aS'Uni-Select Announces the Acquisition of TN Discovery Auto Collision Ltd. Marketwired  - Nov 16, 2015 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc. , a leading distributor of automotive products in Canada and parent company of FinishMaster, Inc., a leading distributor of paint and related products in the United States,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Icahn Enterprises LP Agrees to Acquire Assets of Uni-Select USA, Inc. GlobeNewswire  - Feb 9, 2015 NEW YORK, Feb. 9, 2015  -- Icahn Enterprises L.P.  today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of Uni-Select USA, Inc., a leading automotive parts distributor ...Uni-Select To Sell US Auto Parts Distribution Activities To Icahn For $340 Mln - RTT News'
p4
aS'Uni-Select Inc. Is the Manufacturing Stock to Own The Motley Fool Canada - Jan 18, 2016 The low-flying loonie has been a curse and a blessing for different businesses. While the oil, gas, and mining sectors of the economy are reeling from the collapse of the dollar and crude prices, manufacturing companies such as Uni-Select Inc. (TSX:UNS ...'
p5
aS'Uni Select Inc  Moves into Overbought Territory Business Review - Mar 14, 2017 Checking on current RSI levels on shares of Uni Select Inc , the 14-day RSI is currently standing at 70.07, pushing the stock into overbought territory.'
p6
aS'Uni-Select Announces Appointment of Eric Bussieres as its Chief Financial Officer Marketwired  - Oct 19, 2015 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc. , a leading distributor of automotive products in Canada and paint and related products in the United States, announces the appointment of Eric Bussires as its Chief&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Unimax Tire to supply Uni-Select Atlantic Tire Business - Sep 22, 2016 21, 2016) - Unimax Tire Ltd. has struck a deal with auto parts wholesaler Uni-Select Inc. to supply tires to more than 200 auto service locations in Canada's Atlantic Provinces operating under the Uni-Select Atlantic banner."
p8
aS'Uni-Select Announces Appointment of Chief Operating Officer Marketwired  - Jul 31, 2014 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc. , a major automotive aftermarket product distributor with activities across North America, is pleased to announce that its Board of Directors has appointed Henry Buckley as&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Insiders Are Buying Uni-Slect Seeking Alpha - Aug 13, 2013 Insiders Are Buying Uni-Slect. Aug.13.13 | About: Uni-Select Inc.  &middot; Markus Aarnio. Follow .'
p10
a.