(lp0
S'UQM Technologies, Inc.  Files An 8-K Creation of a Direct ... Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago On March 15, 2017, UQM Technologies, Inc.  entered into a non-revolving line of credit for $5.6 million with a bank.'
p1
aS"UQM Technologies'  CEO Joe Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 11, 2016 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the UQM Technologies, Inc. Conference Call. My name is Angel and I'll be your coordinator for today."
p2
aS'Investor Watch on Shares of UQM Technologies, Inc.  Baxter Review - 15 hours ago UQM Technologies, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.077228. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p3
aS'UQM Technologies Signs Ten Year Supply Agreement with Chinese Customer Business Wire  - Oct 26, 2015 LONGMONT, Colo.----UQM Technologies Inc.  today announced the signing of a ten year supply agreement  with ITL Efficiency Corporation  in China, a subsidiary of Eastlake New Energy .'
p4
aS'UQM Technologies Nets Proterra Order for Electric Drive System NGT News - Jan 19, 2017 UQM Technologies Inc., which develops propulsion systems for electric, hybrid electric, plug-in hybrid electric and fuel cell electric vehicles, says it has received a new follow-on order from Proterra for its PowerPhase HD electric drive systems to be&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"UQM Technologies  Say Insufficient Shares Were Voted in Favor of Proposal ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 21, 2016 UQM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  announced results from its Annual Shareholder Meeting that reconvened today with respect to two separate proposals to amend UQM's Articles of Incorporation: one proposal which, among other things, would&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'UQM Technologies Announces First Electric Bus Customers Selected for the ... Yahoo Finance - Sep 1, 2016  - UQM Technologies  has secured global commercial customers as early adopters of its full drivetrain solution, the PowerPhaseDT. These early adopters include Hybrid Kinetic Group, Wuzhoulong Motors and ITL for a Yangtse&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"UQM Technology's CEO removed; electric motor maker names interim leader Denver Business Journal - Jul 21, 2015 &quot;The board is excited to have Joe expand his responsibilities at UQM,&quot; Vanlandingham said in today's announcement."
p8
aS'UQM Technologies Announces Termination of Stock Purchase Agreement with Hybrid ... Yahoo Finance - Dec 27, 2016 UQM TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , announced that on December 26, 2016 it terminated the Stock Issuance and Purchase Agreement  with Hybrid Kinetic Group Limited.'
p9
aS'UQM Technologies Granted Patent on Innovative Permanent Magnet Electric Motor ... Business Wire  - Jan 20, 2015 BUSINESS WIRE)--UQM Technologies Inc.  announced today that it was granted a U.S. patent for its electric and hybrid electric vehicle motor design using non-rare earth magnets.UQM Technologies Granted Patent on Electric Vehicle Motor Design that Allows ... - Green Energy News'
p10
a.