(lp0
S"Coachella Is Suing Urban Outfitters For Trademark Infringement The FADER - Mar 17, 2017 Coachella Music Festival is suing Urban Outiftters Inc., Women's Wear Daily reported today. According to the report, the festival told a federal court that Free People, one of Urban Outfitters Inc.'s companies, has been selling items using the ...Coachella's Parent Company Sues Urban Outfitters, Inc. - TeenVogue.comCoachella suing Urban Outfitters for trademark infringement - Alternative Press"
p1
aS"Urban Outfitters CEO Says the Retail Bubble Has Burst Bloomberg - Mar 8, 2017 Shares of Urban Outfitters Inc. and Express Inc. fell on Wednesday after the apparel chains gave a dour outlook for the industry, renewing concerns about America's overabundance of retail stores.Urban Outfitters Inc. Q4 Earnings Retreat 12% - NasdaqWhy Urban Outfitters, Inc. Stock Is Slipping Today - Motley Fool"
p2
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Urban Outfitters, Inc.  ? The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Urban Outfitters, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p3
aS'Urban Outfitters - Holding Up Nicely In A Difficult Environment Seeking Alpha - Mar 12, 2017 Urban Outfitters recently reported Q4 results, showing a 2% revenue growth and a modest contraction in margins. Results were mixed, but show the company is holding up well in a difficult environment.What Analysts Are Saying About Urban Outfitters After Earnings - Yahoo FinanceTraders Secrets on Yelp Inc. , Urban Outfitters, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS"Coachella Is Suing Urban Outfitters, Inc. NYLON - Mar 17, 2017 Festival fashion is about to kick into high gear, but not if Coachella has a say in the matter. WWD reports that the music festival has issued a lawsuit against Urban Outfitters, Inc. for infringing on the brand's trademark in order to sell merchandise ..."
p5
aS'Noteworthy Stock Activity: Urban Outfitters, Inc.  Post Registrar - 16 hours ago Urban Outfitters, Inc.  share price plunged -1.50% or -0.36 points to reach at $23.61 during previous trading session.Stock Showing Surging Activity: Urban Outfitters Inc.  - HugoPressThe Public Sector Pension Investment Board Has $570000 Position in Urban ... - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Urban Outfitters, First Solar, Frontier Communications booted from S&amp;P 500 MarketWatch - Mar 10, 2017 Urban Outfitters Inc. URBN, -1.50% First Solar Inc. FSLR, -3.49% and Frontier Communications Corp. FTR, -1.59% are being booted from the S&amp;P 500 index after S&amp;P Dow Jones raised its market cap guidelines for the index late Friday.'
p7
aS'What Makes Urban Outfitters  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Urban Outfitters, Inc. URBN, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p8
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Urban Outfitters, Inc., 70.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Urban Outfitters, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p9
aS"Urban Outfitters  Q4 Earnings: Stock to Disappoint? Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Urban Outfitters Inc. URBN is scheduled to release fourth-quarter fiscal 2017 results on Mar 7. In the preceding quarter, this Philadelphia, PA-based company reported earnings miss of 9.1%.Urban Outfitters downgraded to sell at MKM because Anthropologie is 'too edgy ... - MarketWatchUPDATE: MKM Partners Downgrades Urban Outfitters, Inc.  to Sell - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.