(lp0
S"BRIEF-US Bancorp says to offer mobile payments for Visa commercial cards Reuters - 14 hours ago CALGARY, Alberta, March 20 Transcanada Corp's move to lower tolls for its Mainline pipe raises the competitiveness of Canadian natural gas for the near future, but access to Asian markets is the key to the long-term survival of the landlocked industry,&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"US Bancorp  Displays Robust Prospects: Time to Buy? Zacks.com - Mar 17, 2017 The recent Fed rate hike and the impending implementation of President Donald Trump's measures have led banking stocks to rally.The US Bancorp  Shares Sold by Public Sector Pension Investment Board - Petro Global News 24Tyers Asset Management LLC Purchases New Position in US Bancorp  - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS'Buffett Stocks In Focus: US Bancorp Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Bank stocks have been in rally mode since the November elections. This has made Warren Buffett even richer than he was before. Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.'
p3
aS'Technical Reports on Banking Stocks -- Huntington Bancshares, KeyCorp, US ... PR Newswire  - 18 hours ago Featured this morning on Stock-Callers.com are four Regional Midwest Banks stocks, which are Huntington Bancshares Inc. , KeyCorp , US Bancorp , and Fifth Third Bancorp . These companies&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Will new US Bancorp chief's playbook deliver on offense? American Banker - Feb 22, 2017 It's an unseasonably warm January night in Minneapolis as employees of U.S. Bancorp pack into U.S. Bank Stadium, the hometown Vikings' new $1.1 billion playground, for the company's annual all-employee gathering."
p5
aS"CEO Pay Watch: US Bancorp's Richard Davis made $29.4 million last year Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 8, 2017 In his final full year as CEO of Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, Davis had the biggest payday of his career, mainly from the value of previously issued long-term equity awards that he exercised or had vested during the year."
p6
aS"The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: US Bancorp, Verizon, EOG Resources, Sanofi ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including U.S. Bancorp , Verizon , and EOG Resources . These research reports have been&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'US Bancorp  Raises Prime Lending Rate to 4% StreetInsider.com - Mar 15, 2017 U.S. Bancorp  announced it has raised its prime lending rate to 4.00 percent from 3.75 percent, effective tomorrow, March 16, 2017, at all U.S.Fifth Third Bancorp to Redeem its 1.35% Fixed Senior Notes - Nasdaq'
p8
aS"BRIEF-Jamie Walker to lead US Bancorp subsidiary, Elavon as CEO Reuters - Mar 16, 2017 LOS ANGELES, March 16 McDonald's Corp quickly deleted a tweet sent from the company's handle slamming U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday and said its official Twitter account had been compromised."
p9
aS'Buffett Stocks In Focus: US Bancorp  ValueWalk - Mar 10, 2017 The biggest reason why Warren Buffett owns U.S. Bancorp is likely because of its strong management team and competitive advantages.'
p10
a.