(lp0
S'Meet United Technologies Digital PR Newswire  - 13 hours ago FARMINGTON, Conn., March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new era of innovation is underway at United Technologies Corporation  featuring a state-of-the-art digital hub in Brooklyn, New York.United Technologies Corporation  Closes 0.05% Up on the Day for March 20 - Equities.comJust the Facts on United Technologies Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS"5 Things United Technologies' Management Wants You to Know Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 Anyone following or invested in United Technologies Corporation  knows that it faces near-term headwinds as the management team engages in positioning the company for long-term growth."
p2
aS'United Technologies: Revisiting The Buy Investment Thesis Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 On 1/30/17, I wrote an article about United Technologies  that reviewed the business segments of UTX and argued that it is a strong dividend growth stock.United Technologies Corporation  Closes 0.65% Down on the Day for March 16 - Equities.com'
p3
aS"EOD Risers: Microsoft Corporation, Nike Inc, Travelers Companies Inc, United ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - 19 hours ago Stock in Microsoft Corporation ticker lookup code:  a technology company, increased 0.36% or 0.23 points during Friday's session."
p4
aS'United Technologies has four attractive business units. Seeking Alpha - Mar 11, 2017 The company has four business segments - Otis; UTC Climate, Controls &amp; Security; Pratt &amp; Whitney; and UTC Aerospace Systems.'
p5
aS'United Technologies: A Mildly Contrarian Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 5, 2017 United Technologies is in the midst of company-wide restructuring, and not before time: all its businesses need work.'
p6
aS'Moving Factories To Low-Cost Areas Still Key To Maintaining Profits, UTC Says Hartford Courant - Mar 10, 2017 A top executive of United Technologies Corp. assured analysts Friday that moving factories to low-cost areas has been key to maintaining profit.'
p7
aS'EOD Risers: United Technologies Corporation, UnitedHealth Group Inc, Verizon ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 16, 2017 Shares in United Technologies Corporation found using EPIC:  a company engaged in providing high technology products and services to the building systems and aerospace industries around the world, stepped up 1.12% or 1.25 points at the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'United Technologies Remains Well Poised for Healthy Growth Zacks.com - Mar 3, 2017 This business mix and diversification allows the company to remain profitable even during tough economic times, delivering consistent earnings and dividend growth.United Technologies Corp. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalUnited Technologies Corporation  Closes 0.87% Down on the Day for March 02 - Equities.com'
p9
aS'The Technical Chart United Technologies Corporation  Is Speaking Volumes NY Stock News - 12 hours ago The technicals for United Technologies Corporation  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p10
a.