(lp0
S"Van Buren Township lawsuit against Visteon Corp. dismissed Crain's Detroit Business - Feb 22, 2016 Van Buren Township is closer to financial pitfalls after a Wayne County Circuit Court judge ruled against the township last week in a bond payment battle with its largest corporate resident, Visteon Corp. The suit, filed in August, alleged the ..."
p1
aS'Visteon Corp. names Sachin Lawande its new CEO The Detroit News - Jun 10, 2015 Visteon Corp. on Wednesday named Sachin Lawande - a former executive at Harman - its new chief executive officer, replacing the outgoing Timothy Leuliette.Visteon names Harman exec as new CEO - Automotive NewsVisteon names infotainment exec as new CEO - USA TODAY'
p2
aS'Visteon Corp. to close Holland facility, 240 employed HollandSentinel.com - May 5, 2015 It completed a $700 million transaction with the sale of its HomeLink Electronics unit to Gentex Corp., of Zeeland, in July 2013.Visteon will close Holland technical center by end of year - MLive.comVisteon to Close Former JCI Tech Center in Holland - WHTC'
p3
aS"Visteon completes major part of sale of interiors business to Reydel Automotive Crain's Detroit Business - Nov 3, 2014 Visteon Corp. said Monday it completed the largest phase of a deal to transfer its automotive interiors business to Dutch firm Reydel Automotive Holdings BV.US: Visteon completes first interiors sale to Reydel Automotive - just-auto.com "
p4
aS"Visteon Corp  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from Brokerages Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Visteon Corp logo Visteon Corp  has earned a consensus rating of Hold from the eleven analysts that are covering the firm.The Visteon Corp  Rating Reiterated by FBR &amp; Co - Petro Global News 24Visteon Corp's  Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at FBR &amp; Co - Community Financial News"
p5
aS"TheStreet upgraded Visteon Corp  to B in a report released today. Breaking Finance News - Mar 19, 2017 Just yesterday Visteon Corp  traded -0.94% lower at $99.12. Visteon Corp's 50-day moving average is $93.13 and its 200-day moving average is $80.63.State Street Corp Sells 2353 Shares of Visteon Corp  - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS"Visteon Announces $1.75 Billion Special Cash Distribution to Shareholders ... PR Newswire  - Dec 10, 2015 The special cash distribution and share repurchase program will be funded from proceeds from the sale on June 9, 2015, of Visteon's approximately 70 percent ownership interest in the former Halla Visteon Climate Control Corp.  to an affiliate of ..."
p7
aS'The Visteon Corp  Earns Outperform Rating from FBR &amp; Co Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 FBR &amp; Co reiterated their outperform rating on shares of Visteon Corp  in a report published on Wednesday. Several other research firms have also commented on VC.Visteon Corp  Upgraded to B at TheStreet - Chaffey BreezeVisteon Corp  Upgraded at TheStreet - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'The Visteon Corp  Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Visteon Corp  was upgraded by equities researchers at TheStreet from a c rating to a b rating in a note issued to investors on Friday.Visteon Corp  Upgraded by TheStreet to B - Community Financial NewsSmart Money Selling the Price Strength of Visteon Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p9
aS"Visteon Corp  Momentum Watch: Chart Update Pearson Press - 14 hours ago Visteon Corp  stock has been identified as a Buy through TrendSpotter's algorithm-driving system which takes into account a stock's momentum, volatility and wave theory to arrive at a Buy, Sell or Hold signal."
p10
a.