(lp0
S'Reading the Numbers on Shares of Video Display Corporation  Baxter Review - 14 hours ago Video Display Corporation  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.137118. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p1
aS"Attorney general: Conspiracy tried to manipulate Video Display Corp. stock Atlanta Business Chronicle - Sep 3, 2014 A long-time member of the board of directors of Atlanta-based Video Display Corp. has resigned after New Hampshire's attorney general uncovered a long-running scheme to try to manipulate the price of the company's stock."
p2
aS"PPG and Universal Display Corporation to Expand Production Capacity of ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 6, 2017 PPG  and Universal Display Corporation  today announced that Universal Display will invest $15 million in PPG's Barberton, Ohio, manufacturing facility to double commercial production capacity for Universal Display's proprietary&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Panasonic and Sacramento Kings Debut NBA's First 4K Ultra HD Centerhung Video ... PR Newswire  - Oct 28, 2016 The ribbon featured atop the video board is 6 feet 3 inches and wraps 252 feet around the centerhung structure, with the baseline displays on either end of the structure covering 27 feet 8 inches wide by 24 feet 6 inches high. &quot;We are honored to be the ..."
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Universal Display Corporation  is Beating Belden ... CML News - Feb 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Belden Inc  versus Universal Display Corporation  .Noteworthy Price Swings: Universal Display Corporation  - Is storiesUniversal Display Corporation  is Initiated by Susquehanna to Positive - Highland Mirror'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Universal Display Corporation  is Beating AVX ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AVX Corporation  versus Universal Display Corporation  .'
p6
aS'Universal Display Corporation and Tianma Micro-electronics Enter into Long ... Yahoo Finance - Aug 4, 2016 Universal Display Corporation , enabling energy-efficient displays and lighting with its UniversalPHOLED technology and materials, today announced the signing of an OLED Technology License Agreement and Supplemental Material Purchase&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'AcuityAds Announces Intent to Acquire Analytics-led Video Advertising Leader ... Canada NewsWire  - Mar 9, 2017 AcuityAds Announces Intent to Acquire Analytics-led Video Advertising Leader, Visible Measures Corporation and Announces a CDN $7.5 Million Bought-Deal Private Placement Co-led by Paradigm Capital and Haywood Securities ... video, social and display ...'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Littelfuse Inc  versus Universal Display ... CML News - Feb 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Littelfuse Inc  versus Universal Display Corporation  .'
p9
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Universal Display Corporation  CML News - Feb 4, 2017 ... earnings for Universal Display Corporation has been a winner. This is the information that the top 0.1% have and now it's time for us all to see it."
p10
a.