(lp0
S'Seven Generations Energy Ltd The Globe and Mail - Oct 31, 2014 Seven Generations Energy Ltd closed lower Monday, dropping $0.14 or 0.60% to $23.22. Over the last five days, shares have gained 1.31%, but are down 25.84% for the last year to date.'
p1
aS'Harvey Doerr Buys 5000 Shares of Seven Generations Energy Ltd  Stock BNB Daily  - 17 hours ago Seven Generations Energy logo Seven Generations Energy Ltd  Director Harvey Doerr bought 5,000 shares of Seven Generations Energy stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th.'
p2
aS"Seven Generations Energy considers moving beyond gas into plastics, power Calgary Herald - Jun 28, 2016 Being a fast-growing supplier of low-cost natural gas only gets a producer so far in a shrinking market. It's that reality that has Canada's Seven Generations Energy Ltd. looking beyond resource extraction. The Calgary-based company is seeking options ..."
p3
aS'Seven Generations buying Paramount assets for $1.9-billion The Globe and Mail - Jul 6, 2016 Seven Generations Energy Ltd. is taking advantage of the industry downturn to buy assets from Paramount Resources Ltd. for $1.9-billion, vastly increasing its land holdings in the prolific Montney natural gas region of Alberta.Seven Generations Buys Alberta Shale Assets From Paramount - Bloomberg'
p4
aS'Seven Generations Energy improving well performance and growth Energeticcity.ca - Jan 24, 2017 In the update, they say growth is expected in 2017 and is underpinned by a plan that is built on continued strong well performance that is meeting or exceeding well production.'
p5
aS'Why Seven Generations Energy Ltd  Delivered An Inferior ROE Compared ... Simply Wall St - Mar 8, 2017 With a ROE of 1.8%, Seven Generations Energy Ltd  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged a ROE of 7.14%.'
p6
aS'Why Seven Generations Energy CEO Pat Carlson is taking the long view and ... Financial Post - Jun 24, 2016 Chris Bolin for National PostSeven Generations Energy CEO Pat Carlson. As its Iroquois-inspired name implies, Seven Generations takes a very long view and is driven by unusual goals for a fracker - to benefit society and to ensure the environment is&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Seven Generations Energy Ltd downplays major natural gas pipeline outage Financial Post - Aug 11, 2015 CALGARY - Executives at Seven Generations Energy Ltd. say they haven't been wasting time in the wake of a major natural gas pipeline shut down, which has caused the company and some of its competitors to suspend production.Seven Generations Energy Ltd. Takes a Contrarian Approach to Weak Oil Prices - The Motley Fool Canada"
p8
aS'Seven Generations price cut on production miss: BMO Financial Post - Jan 9, 2017 Seven Generations Energy Ltd. had its target price cut at BMO Capital Markets after it missed the mark on production amid completion delays.'
p9
aS'Seven Generations buys up minority stake in Vancouver Island LNG proponent Financial Post - Sep 19, 2016 CALGARY - Seven Generations Energy Ltd. is buying into proposed liquefied natural gas projects once considered long shots to be built on the West Coast.Steelhead LNG and Seven Generations Energy Ltd. team up to strengthen LNG market - Energeticcity.caAlberta gas producer joins forces with BC LNG export project developer - Calgary Herald'
p10
a.