(lp0
S"Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Receives Outperform Rating from ... The Cerbat Gem - 8 hours ago Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 's stock had its outperform rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at Leerink Swann in a report released on Monday.Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Cut to Hold at Vetr Inc. - Chaffey BreezeAverage Brokerage Rating Of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated , Marsh ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'Zacks.com featured highlights: Covanta Holding, Etsy, PTC, Incyte and Vertex ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Boston, MA-based, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  is a bio-technology company. Over the past one-month period, current quarter estimates moved up from 2 cents per share to 4 cents.'
p2
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals: Avoid This Cash Vortex Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 It seems that the only things that have grown at a relatively predictable and constant rate at Vertex Pharmaceuticals  are the R&amp;D expenses and the share count.Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Position Increased by Federated ... - The Cerbat GemToday Analysts Focus on Tiffany &amp; Co. , Vertex Pharmaceuticals ... - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS"Vertex's Cystic Fibrosis Strategy In Tune With Concert Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 At first glance, Vertex Pharmaceuticals  appears to have paid more than enough for Concert Pharmaceuticals'  CTP-656, a once-daily version of its marketed therapy Kalydeco.VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... - Market ExclusiveVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Acquires CTP-656, A Modified ... - Smrt Stck Nws"
p4
aS"Vertex's $160M Deal With Concert Pharmaceuticals Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 This week began with Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  announcing a deal to buy the development and commercialization rights of Concert Pharmaceuticals'  cystic fibrosis pipeline candidate, CTP-656 for a cost of&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Price Alert: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Stock Nears ... CML News - 11 hours ago Price Alert: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p6
aS"Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Upgraded at Vetr Inc. BNB Daily  - Mar 13, 2017 Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated logo Vetr upgraded shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating in a report issued on Tuesday morning.Today's Brokerage Rating: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX ... - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold ... BNB Daily  - Mar 11, 2017 Vertex Pharmaceuticals logo Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  has been given an average rating of Hold by the twenty-seven research firms that are presently covering the company.'
p8
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Short Interest Update Chaffey Breeze - Mar 12, 2017 Vertex Pharmaceuticals logo Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  saw a significant decline in short interest in the month of February.'
p9
aS"Option Market: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Risk Hits An Elevated Level CML News - Mar 8, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Vertex Pharmaceuticals&nbsp;..."
p10
a.