(lp0
S"Trading Options During Earnings in VIVUS Inc  CML News - 23 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in VIVUS Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p1
aS'VIVUS, Inc. : Thoughts on the Momentum Post Analyst - 15 hours ago VIVUS, Inc.  traded at an unexpectedly high level on 03/17/2017 when the stock experienced a 5.45% gain to a closing price of $1.16.'
p2
aS"How VIVUS Inc  Delivered A Better ROE Than Its Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 8, 2017 Over the past 12 months, VIVUS Inc  generated an ROE of 273.4%, implying the company created 273.4 cents on every dollar of shareholders' invested capital.VIVUS, Inc.  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday - BNB Daily VIVUS, Inc.  moves down at least -0.27% on its earnings reaction day - Post Analyst"
p3
aS"Thursday's Market Insights: Apricus Biosciences Inc , VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 9, 2017 Apricus Biosciences Inc  shares are rising by 3% in Thursday's trading on the news that Apricus has completed the sale to Ferring International of its topical cream Vitaros.VIVUS  Posts Strong Profit Growth; Apricus Biosciences  Soars on ... - Galaxy Stocks  After-Hours Movers 03/08:    Higher;   (WATT ... - StreetInsider.com"
p4
aS'Vivus Inks Deal For Stendra - Why Street Reaction Is Muted Seeking Alpha - Oct 4, 2016 Vivus  announced today that it has reached a deal withy Metuchen Pharmaceuticals for the rights to the erectile dysfunction drug Stendra in the United States, Canada, South America, and India.VIVUS and Metuchen Pharmaceuticals Announce License Agreement for Commercial ... - Marketwired VIVUS Licenses Stendra Rights to Metuchen Pharmaceuticals - Nasdaq'
p5
aS'Vivus: A Speculative Play Just Got A Little More Speculative Seeking Alpha - Jun 22, 2016 Vivus  investors got yet another round of bad news today when the company filed an 8K with the SEC announcing that Hetero USA has filed an ANDA with the FDA to make generic versions of all Stendra doses.'
p6
aS'Decision Time: VIVUS Inc  Stock Technicals Have Hit an Inflection ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Decision Time: VIVUS Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p7
aS"VIVUS  Beats on Q4 Earnings, Revenues Increase Y/Y Zacks.com - Mar 9, 2017 VIVUS Inc.  reported earnings of 54 cents per share in the fourth quarter of 2016 as against a loss of 12 cents in the year-ago period.VIVUS, Inc.  Efforts To Reshape VIVUS' Business Model - StockNewsUnion"
p8
aS"Vivus: Qsymia Sales Trudge Along - Investors Need Growth, Not Flatness Seeking Alpha - Jun 6, 2016 Some Vivus  investors seem to be in that boat. They are even celebrating the fact that Vivus' Qsymia did not do as bad as another player in the space last week despite the fact that Qsymia sales are still much lower than they need to be ..."
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Aoxing Pharmaceutical Company Inc  versus VIVUS Inc ... CML News - Jan 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Aoxing Pharmaceutical Company Inc  versus VIVUS Inc  .'
p10
a.