(lp0
S'Waters Corp. Boosts Progenesis QI Software with Proteolabels Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Premium analytical laboratory instrument and software company, Waters Corporation WAT, recently expanded its Progenesis QI software with the launch of Proteolabels.'
p1
aS'Waters Corp.  Rolls Out New Products at Pitcon 2017 Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Leading analytical laboratory instrument and software provider, Waters Corporation WAT unveiled its latest offerings at the Pittcon Conference and Expo, an annual conference and exposition on laboratory science.TA Instruments Introduces a New Discovery SDT System - AZoM'
p2
aS'Waters Corporation  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Waters Corporation is an analytical instrument manufacturer. The Company designs, manufactures, distributes and services instrument systems, columns and other chemistry consumables that are integrated and used along with other analytical instruments.'
p3
aS'Why Waters Corporation Reported Lower Today Motley Fool - Oct 25, 2016 Earnings per share grew even faster than revenue, up 9% year over year, as Waters kept spending in check. For instance, selling and administrative expenses were slightly lower year over year, despite the increase in revenue.'
p4
aS'Waters Corp  Up 7.3% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Waters Corporation WAT . Shares have added about 7.3% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Large Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Waters Corporation  - Energy Index'
p5
aS'Waters Corporation Announces Sherry Buck as Chief Financial Officer Business Wire  - Dec 8, 2016 MILFORD, Mass.----Waters Corporation  today announced Sherry Buck as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective January 9, 2017.Waters Corporation names Sherry Buck as CFO - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"About: Waters Corporation  Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Waters Corporation's  business can be separated into two segments, development and marketing of analytical instruments and the thermal analysis division, also known as &quot;TA&quot;."
p7
aS"Waters Corporation to Ring NYSE Closing Bell on March 2 Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Waters Corporation , a leading global analytical technologies company serving the life, materials and food sciences, will ring The Closing Bell at the New York Stock Exchange on March 2. Christopher J. O'Connell, President and Chief Executive&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Waters Honours Singapore's Bioprocessing Technology Institute  for ... Labmate Online - Mar 17, 2017 At a ceremony and symposium on 27 February, Waters Corporation welcomed into its Centers of Innovation Program the Bioprocessing Technology Institute , a research institute under Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology and Research&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"What's Happening To These Stocks?  Celanese Corporation , Waters ... Post Analyst - 16 hours ago Celanese Corporation  has made its way to a 12-month gain of 40.77%. Turning to Waters Corporation , its shares were trading at $156.59 a gain of $0.14, on the trading floor."
p10
a.