(lp0
S"Exclusive: Wave Systems CEO Discusses The Latest Trends In Cybersecurity Benzinga - Jun 23, 2015 Benzinga recently had the chance to speak with Wave Systems Corp.  CEO Bill Solms about Wave's unique cybersecurity products and what he's seen as the most recent trends in the digital security world."
p1
aS'Wave Systems  Files for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy StreetInsider.com - Feb 1, 2016 Wave Systems  disclosed the following on Monday: Item 1.03. Bankruptcy or Receivership. On February 1, 2016, Wave Systems Corp.  is commencing a bankruptcy case  by filing a voluntary petition for&nbsp;...Wave Systems files for Chapter 7 bankruptcy; shares -83% - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Wave Systems in Lee files for bankruptcy Berkshire Eagle  - Feb 6, 2016 LEE - Wave Systems Corp., a developer of software for data protection systems, has filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection in U.S.'
p3
aS'Wave Systems Corp. Acquired by ESW Capital PR Web  - Sep 1, 2016 ESW Capital, LLC. announced today the acquisition of Massachusetts-based Wave Systems Corporation, a developer of enterprise security software solutions.'
p4
aS'Wave Systems  Stock Closed Down After Reverse Splitting Stock TheStreet.com - Dec 30, 2015 We rate WAVE SYSTEMS CORP as a Sell with a ratings score of E+. This is based on a variety of negative investment measures, which should drive this stock to significantly underperform the majority of stocks that we rate.'
p5
aS"Wave Systems Appoints New Board Member, RS Cheheyl Marketwired  - Mar 3, 2015 LEE, MA-- - Wave Systems Corp.  announced that R. Stephen Cheheyl has been elected as the company's newest member of the Board of Directors, effective April 6, 2015."
p6
aS'Exclusive: Wave Systems CEO Warns Americans About Their 2 Biggest ... Benzinga - Jun 24, 2015 Benzinga recently had the chance to speak with Wave Systems Corp.  CEO Bill Solms about the modern landscape of cybersecurity.'
p7
aS"Wave Systems Names Gary Patton as Executive Vice President Marketwired  - Oct 20, 2014 LEE, MA-- - Wave Systems Corp.  announced it has appointed retired U.S. Army Major General Gary Patton as the company's Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff."
p8
aS"Wave Systems Begins Shipping Its Management Software With Samsung Electronics ... Marketwired  - Feb 24, 2014 LEE, MA-- - Wave Systems Corp.  announced the inclusion of its management software on Samsung Electronics' new Trusted Platform Module ."
p9
aS'Wave Systems replaces CEO Steven Sprague Boston Business Journal  - Oct 8, 2013 Wave Systems Corp. said Tuesday that its board of directors has replaced CEO Steven Sprague, moving William Solms, VP of North American sales, into the acting CEO role.'
p10
a.