(lp0
S'Western Digital and Seagate: Top Tech Picks in the Offing? Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Technology has been one of the standout sectors in recent times. Notable trends in this space include cloud computing, Big Data, Bring Your Own Device , Internet of Things , flash storage, social networking and 3D printing.'
p1
aS"What are Analyst's Indicators for Microchip Technology Incorporated (MCHP ... The USA Commerce - 16 hours ago Shares of Microchip Technology Incorporated  surged 0.22% to $74.28. During the trading on 03/17/2017, Company's stock ranged from $74.14 to $74.86."
p2
aS"Western Digital Corp  Again Refinancing - Creditors Don't Appear Too ... Smrt Stck Nws - Mar 13, 2017 According to banking contacts, Western Digital Corp  is finalizing another 100-125bp reprice of $3.9B of Sandisk related term loans due April 2023, which by Longbow Research's math, should save Western Digital another $41M of annual&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Skyworks Solutions, Inc., Western Digital Corporation join Semiconductor ... ElectroIQ  - Mar 7, 2017 The Semiconductor Industry Association  today announced the addition of two leading U.S. semiconductor companies, Skyworks Solutions, Inc.  and Western Digital Corporation , as SIA members. Skyworks Executive&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Will elevate India as stand-alone core region: US data storage provider Economic Times - Mar 17, 2017 NEW DELHI: India is the next big market for US-based data storage provider Western Digital Corporation , which will elevate the country as a stand-alone core region within the company and not club it with a sub-region, a top executive has said.'
p5
aS'Western Digital Corporation  Broker Views On Wall Street Normangee Star - 13 hours ago Numeric Investors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Western Digital Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Stock Price Western Digital Corporation  Compared to Index - Highland MirrorWestern Digital Corporation  Is Rising But Watch The Charts And Be Careful - USA Commerce Daily'
p6
aS'This Is What The Chart For Western Digital Corporation  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - 11 hours ago The technicals for Western Digital Corporation  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p7
aS"Unpatched Western Digital Bugs Leave NAS Boxes Open to Attack Threatpost - Mar 7, 2017 Western Digital Corporation network-attached storage owners were warned of critical flaws in the company's My Cloud line of hardware that exposed data stored on the devices to attack."
p8
aS"Rambus , Western Digital Sign Licensing Agreement Zacks.com - Mar 7, 2017 Rambus Inc.  signed a patent licensing agreement with hard disk drive  manufacturer Western Digital Corp.  for an undisclosed sum. Per the terms of the agreement, Western Digital can use Rambus' patented&nbsp;...Rambus Signs License Agreement with Western Digital - Business Wire Rambus: 4 Ways To Win; JPMorgan Adds To Focus List - Benzinga"
p9
aS"RBC on Western Digital Corp  Smrt Stck Nws - Mar 15, 2017 Western Digital Corp  stock has been range bound given increased uncertainty around Toshiba's semiconductor asset and its implication to the WDC-Toshiba JV.Toshiba Attracts 10 Potential Bidders for Chips Business - Bloomberg"
p10
a.