(lp0
S'Wells Fargo card requests tumble in wake of scandal Chron.com - 10 hours ago Wells Fargo &amp; Co. said credit-card applications dropped 55 percent in February from a year earlier, the biggest decline since a scandal involving fake accounts erupted in September.Wells Fargo sees huge drop in new accounts since scandal - MarketWatch'
p1
aS"House Democrat seeks interviews with Wells Fargo executives Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 WASHINGTON The top Democrat on a key House of Representatives committee has demanded a chance to interview executives of Wells Fargo &amp; Co , which has been embroiled in a scandal over fake accounts, because she said Republicans&nbsp;...Wells Fargo CEO Gets 17% Raise After Scandal Spurs Promotion - BloombergWells Fargo CEO: We will 'reassure' our investors  including Warren Buffett - CNBC"
p2
aS"Wells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is in a Gold-Plated Doghouse Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Investors who expected Wells Fargo &amp; Co.  to be punished for last year's false account scandal have to squint hard to see the damage.Wells Fargo: Ride The Stagecoach - Seeking AlphaWells Fargo Bank Increases Prime Rate to 4.00 Percent - Business Wire "
p3
aS'Wells Fargo Names Cravath Partner as New Top Lawyer Wall Street Journal  - Mar 6, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. named a new top lawyer Monday, ending a monthslong search for a new general counsel who will be tasked with helping the bank recover from its recent sales practices scandal.Wells Fargo names Allen Parker general counsel - ReutersWells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is a Hidden Gem Among Financials - Investorplace.com'
p4
aS'BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co names Allen Parker general counsel Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co names Allen Parker general counsel. March 6 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. * Wells fargo names Allen Parker general counsel.'
p5
aS'Wanted at Wells Fargo: Three New Deputies to Run Retail Bank Bloomberg - Mar 7, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. community banking head Mary Mack is seeking three new deputies and shaking up regional leadership of the division she inherited after a bogus-account scandal.'
p6
aS"BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co says company's board has 16 directors after election Reuters - Feb 23, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Wells Fargo Pulls Bonuses, Claws Back Top Executives' Awards Bloomberg - Mar 1, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. will withhold 2016 cash bonuses from eight senior executives and claw back compensation received in 2014 as the board holds managers accountable for the company's bogus-account scandal.More Wells Fargo customers may be affected by sales scandal: filing - ReutersWells Fargo: Top Executives Won't Get Cash Bonus for 2016 - Wall Street Journal "
p8
aS'Dominion Diamond and Nektar climb; Wells Fargo dips Chron.com - 8 hours ago NEW YORK  - Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday: Wells Fargo &amp; Co., down $1.04 to $57.63. The bank reported numbers from February that indicated its sales practices scandal is still taking a toll on its business.'
p9
aS'Wells Fargo demotes execs in retail-banking shakeup MarketWatch - Mar 9, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. took further steps this week to restructure its retail-banking business, even as the firm continues digging into the causes of its sales-practices scandal, according to employees and memos reviewed by The Wall Street Journal.Wells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is No Longer a Good Bet - Investorplace.comMore retail banking shakeup at Wells Fargo - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.