(lp0
S"Whole Foods Market Reaches Analyst Target Price Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017 In recent trading, shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc.  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $29.38, changing hands for $29.47/share.Investor's Watch List: Whole Foods Market, Inc.  - TopChronicleWhole Foods Market, Inc.  shows monthly volitility of 1.73% - The Newburgh Press"
p1
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Whole Foods Market, Inc.  ? The USA Commerce - 11 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Whole Foods Market, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p2
aS"Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Fortunes shift in every industry, and the winners in one era often struggle in the next. That's been the story for Whole Foods Market  and Wal-Mart , both of which have had to deal with changing trends in their respective industry&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Highly Traded Stock: Whole Foods Market, Inc.  HugoPress - 15 hours ago William Blair Initiates Coverage On Whole Foods Market, Inc. 's stock to Market Perform with no specific Price Target."
p4
aS'Whole Foods Market: Sell The Dip Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Last month Whole Foods Market  reported a FQ1 EPS of $0.39, which was in-line with estimates, but down  year over year.Vetr Upgrades Whole Foods Following Price Dip - BenzingaForget Whole Foods Market: Here Are 2 Better Stocks - Motley Fool'
p5
aS"Whole Foods Market: The Return Of The King Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 I'm not here to tell you WFM is going back to 13x, we are here to tell you that the resurgence of the top natural and organic brand is going to warrant a higher multiple than 7.4x."
p6
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: GameStop Corp. , Whole Foods ... StockNewsJournal - 12 hours ago Whole Foods Market, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 8.83, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p7
aS"Plans moving forward for Whole Foods Market near Richmond's Fan District Richmond.com - Mar 16, 2017 The grocery chain, which has a store in the West Broad Village development in the Short Pump area in western Henrico County, announced in May 2014 that a Whole Foods Market would anchor the proposed development, located on a site that now includes&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Whole Foods Market, Inc.  And Its Technicals Provide Timely Picture NY Stock News - 11 hours ago The technicals for Whole Foods Market, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p9
aS'Whole Foods: Easy Activist Pickings Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Whole Foods  has been a rumored activist target for years now, but to no avail. Shares are still too expensive to ... Organic foods are so mainstream that the mass market retailers account for the majority of organic food sales. This comes ...'
p10
a.