(lp0
S'Zacks Provided 2.05 Rating to Weatherford International plc  ClickLancashire - 19 hours ago Finally, Cowen and Company reaffirmed an &quot;outperform&quot; rating and issued a $7.00 price objective on shares of Weatherford International Plc in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. The company reported the earnings of $-0.32/Share in the last quarter&nbsp;...Featured Stock to See: Weatherford International plc  - HugoPressWeatherford International plc  Closed the Last Trading Session with ... - The Newburgh Press'
p1
aS"Is their more upside for Weatherford International Plc  FX Daily Report - Mar 8, 2017 Analysts have been bullish on Weatherford International Plc  in this month. Clarkson Capital enhanced their rating from Neutral while Cowen and Company reiterated their Outperform rating.UPDATE 1-Weatherford International names Halliburton's McCollum as CEO - Reuters UKWeatherford International names Halliburton's McCollum as CEO - Nasdaq"
p2
aS'Chart Watch: Checking on Shares of Weatherford International PLC  Davidson Register - 11 hours ago Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for Weatherford International PLC  is resting at 0.32. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ...'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc  versus Weatherford ... CML News - 8 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc  versus Weatherford International plc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end ...'
p4
aS'Weatherford International plc   Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Mar 14, 2017 Weatherford International plc   traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 14, as the stock lost 5.38% to close at $5.98.Crazy Volume Spikes for: Weatherford International plc  - HugoPressVetr Downgrades Weatherford Following CEO Announcement - Benzinga'
p5
aS'Commit To Buy Weatherford International At $3, Earn 13.7% Using Options Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Weatherford International plc  stock, but cautious about paying the going market price of $5.74/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p6
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Schlumberger, Baker Hughes, Weatherford ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Schlumberger Limited , Baker Hughes Inc. , Weatherford International plc , Precision Drilling Corporation (NYSE: PDS - Free&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'2 Stocks in Focus Weatherford International Plc , Companhia ... Daily News Journal - 16 hours ago On Friday, Weatherford International Plc  stock opened its trade at $6.33 and after floating in a range of $6.14 to $6.38, settled at $6.15.'
p8
aS"Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Weatherford And Delta Air Lines Benzinga - Mar 14, 2017 On CNBC's Fast Money Halftime Report, Jon Najarian said traders were buying calls in Weatherford International Plc  on Tuesday."
p9
aS"Weatherford International plc  Chalking Up Volume in Session Melville Review - 10 hours ago Following trading activity for Weatherford International plc, we can see that the stock has moved onto today's list of most actives."
p10
a.