(lp0
S'Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - 13 hours ago Winnebago Industries, Inc. is a manufacturer of recreation vehicles  used primarily in leisure travel and outdoor recreation activities.Winnebago Industries Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 20 - Equities.com'
p1
aS'Why Winnebago Industries, Inc. Stock Soared 24% Today Motley Fool - Oct 3, 2016 Shares of RV-maker Winnebago Industries, Inc.  rocketed higher today after announcing an acquisition of towable RV manufacturer Grand Design for $500 million in cash and newly issued shares.Why Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Stock Is Soaring Today - Investorplace.comWinnebago Industries  to Acquire Towable RV Maker Grand Design - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'Why Winnebago Industries, Inc. Stock Gained 20% in March Motley Fool - Apr 7, 2016 What: Shares of Winnebago Industries, Inc.  were revving higher last month, gaining 20% according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence as the company rode the recovery in the broader market and posted better-than-expected earnings&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Winnebago Industries Inc.  Tumbled To A 4-Month Low After Downgrade RTT News - Mar 13, 2017 BMO Capital downgraded its rating on shares of Winnebago Industries Inc.  Friday morning to &quot;Market Perform&quot; from &quot;Outperform.Winnebago Industries Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 - Equities.comIn focus: Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Trading Patterns - Post Analyst'
p4
aS'Winnebagos Past Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Winnebago has been underperforming its peers as of late, after seeing sales and earnings go on a roller coaster ride over the past decade.'
p5
aS'Winnebago Industries Names Jeff Kubacki Vice President - Information ... Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2016 FOREST CITY, IA-- - Winnebago Industries, Inc.  today announced it has hired Jeff Kubacki to the position of Vice President - Information Technology, Chief Information Officer effective November 14, 2016.'
p6
aS"A Fundamental Analysis Of Winnebago Industries Seeking Alpha - Jan 15, 2016 For the past couple of months our group of students from Northeastern's Student Value fund analyzed Winnebago Industries  through a deeply fundamental approach. In this article we would like to share what we think are Winnebago's most&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Winnebago Industries Appoints Richard Moss, CFO of Hanesbrands Inc., to Its ... Marketwired  - Jan 5, 2017 FOREST CITY, IA-- - Winnebago Industries, Inc. , a leading United States recreation vehicle manufacturer, today announced the appointment of Richard D. Moss to its Board of Directors, effective February 1,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Winnebago Industries Appoints John Murabito to Its Board of Directors Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 FOREST CITY, IA-- - Winnebago Industries, Inc. , a leading United States recreation vehicle manufacturer, today announced the appointment of John Murabito to its Board of Directors, effective April 1, 2017 ...Winnebago Industries Inc Price Volatility Hits An Elevated Level - CML NewsSystematic Financial Management LP Takes Position in Winnebago Industries, Inc ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS'Winnebago Industries appoints Murabito to board Mason City Globe Gazette - Mar 1, 2017 FOREST CITY - Winnebago Industries, Inc., a leading United States recreation vehicle manufacturer, announced the appointment of John Murabito to its board of directors, effective April 1, 2017.'
p10
a.