(lp0
S'Wal-Mart: Dividend Champion Gets Challenged By Consumers Seeking Alpha - 12 hours ago While some of that fear is certainly justified by both competition from Amazon and a fierce pricing battle among grocery stores , I think shares still price in a little more fear that necessary. Around $75, my ...Wal-Mart Stores Inc Buys Online Specialty Retailer ModCloth  - Market ExclusiveWal-Mart to launch investment arm in e-commerce push - Reuters'
p1
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Closes 0.13% Up on the Day for March 20 Equities.com - 8 hours ago Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  ended the trading day Monday at $69.98, representing a move of 0.13%, or $0.09 per share, on volume of 7.07 million shares.Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Buys Modcloth as It Seeks to Increase E ... - Library For Smart InvestorsInvestors Sell Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  on Strength on Insider Selling - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Granted A Drone Patent That Aids Shoppers In ... Market Exclusive - 16 hours ago A patent has been granted to Wal-Mart Stores Inc  for a drone system technology which allows shoppers to use drones within a store to fetch products and deliver them to the checkout area instead of having to walk around putting them shopping&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"E-Commerce: Not As Big As You Think Seeking Alpha - 17 hours ago In my previous Target article linked above, I highlighted the gargantuan advantage Wal-Mart  has from operating stores in dozens of countries where E-commerce isn't a big deal. Yet the commenters skimmed over this point. So let me state it again&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.: Can You Still Win With Wal-Mart? Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores is a Dividend Champion with 43 consecutive years of dividend growth, and another increase is sure to be announced this week.Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Stock: The Turnaround Is Real! - Investorplace.comHow Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Turned the Tables on Amazon.com, Inc ... - Library For Smart Investors'
p5
aS'Impact Of Pricing War On Wal-Mart Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Wal-Mart is making aggressive price cuts to remain competitive against more nimble adversaries like Aldi. It will also be facing the might of Lidl as the German discount retailer opens its first store in the U.S. this summer. We will see further price ...'
p6
aS'Wal-Mart adds another e-commerce property Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 Wal-Mart  continues its busy year of e-commerce M&amp;A activity with the purchase of trendy online clothing seller ModCloth.Wal-Mart Stores Inc.: Walmart Announces the Acquisition of ModCloth, a Leading ... - The Wall Street TranscriptWal-Mart Stores Inc Is Buying ModCloth Via Jet.com Unit - StockNews.com '
p7
aS"KCK's Mighty Handle: From the living room to 4500 Wal-Mart stores Kansas City Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 For one Kansas City, Kan., startup, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. played a vital role in driving its success. &quot;Without Wal-Mart's support, especially in the beginning, we wouldn't be here,&quot; said Ben Rendo, co-founder of Mighty Good Solutions, which developed ..."
p8
aS"Wal-Mart Stores Inc: Core US strategy working, BoFA Merrill Times of India - Mar 14, 2017 ... ** World's largest retailer's shares up as much as 1.79 pct at $71.2. ** Bank of America Merrill Lynch adds stock to its US 1 List, which represents best investment ideas of the brokerage."
p9
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 The Dow Jones Industrial Average toppled another milestone Wednesday, breaching 21,000. One reason markets have continued to hit new highs is the expectation that President Donald Trump will soon unveil a plan for lower taxes on both corporations and&nbsp;...Three Giants Insiders Are Dumping: Apple Inc. , Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT ... - Smarter AnalystWal-Mart Stores, Inc. to Present at the Raymond James Institutional Investors ... - Business Wire '
p10
a.