(lp0
S"Ixia's Releases First Annual Security Report, Showing Current And Future Threats ISBuzz News - 14 hours ago Ixia, a leading provider of network testing, visibility and security solutions, has announced the release of the first Ixia Security Report, a summation of 2016's biggest security events including findings from Ixia's Application and Threat ...Ixia Releases Report on Big Security Breaches - San Fernando Valley Business Journal"
p1
aS'Ixia makes the 100% channel pledge ComputerWeekly.com - Feb 27, 2017 &quot;Ixia fully recognises that our global partner ecosystem plays a vital role in delivering the innovation, expertise, and excellence enterprise customers are seeking today,&quot; stated Bethany Mayer, CEO of Ixia. &quot;Relying 100 percent on channel partners to ...Ixia ups channel play with 100% channel focus for enterprise sales - ChannelLife NZ'
p2
aS'Ixia moves to 100% channel sales for enterprise products ChannelBiz UK - Feb 28, 2017 Ixia fully recognises that our global partner ecosystem plays a vital role in delivering the innovation, expertise, and excellence enterprise customers are seeking today, said Ixia CEO, Bethany Mayer. Relying 100 percent on channel partners to ...'
p3
aS'Keysight Technologies Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Shares in ... Business Wire  - 7 hours ago ... finance the cash consideration for its previously announced acquisition  of Ixia  and certain related transactions and financing expenses. The Offering is not contingent upon the consummation of the Acquisition or any ...Keysite unveils $400 million stock offering - Santa Rosa Press Democrat'
p4
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky &amp; Long, PA Files Class Action Suit Against Ixia GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Rigrodsky &amp; Long, P.A. announces that it has filed a class action complaint in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on behalf of holders of Ixia  common stock in connection with the proposed acquisition ...'
p5
aS"Barefoot Networks Chooses Ixia IxNetwork and Novus Test Solutions to Validate ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, today announced that Barefoot Networks chose Ixia's 100 Gigabit Ethernet  test solutions to validate its Tofino series of high-performance programmable switches.Ixia Wins Barefoot Networks - socalTech.com"
p6
aS'Ixia and SnapRoute Demonstrate Performance and Interoperability Testing for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, and SnapRoute Inc., a leading open source network stack provider, will provide attendees at the OCP Summit, March 8th and 9th in Santa Clara, first-hand ...'
p7
aS"Ixia Recognized on CRN's 2017 Security 100 List Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, announced today that CRN, a brand of The Channel Company, has named Ixia to its annual Security 100 list. This project recognizes the coolest security vendors in ..."
p8
aS'Ixia Launches Scalable LTE Test Solution to Help Customers Clear the Path to 5G Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, today announced a new radio access network  test product, IxLoad LTE XAir2, specifically designed for service providers, equipment and chip-set makers, as ...'
p9
aS"Ixia's Vision ONE and Net Tool Optimizer 7303 Network Visibility Solutions ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, today announced that the company's network visibility solutions - Vision ONE and Net Tool Optimizer 7303 - have achieved certification for inclusion in the ..."
p10
a.