(lp0
S"What Analysts are Predicting For Occidental Petroleum Corporation , Yum ... The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago Shares of Occidental Petroleum Corporation  surged 0.42% to $64.09. During the trading on 03/17/2017, Company's stock ranged from $63.82 to $64.34."
p1
aS"Drilling Down Into Yum! Brands, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 11 hours ago Yum! Brands, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Restaurants. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $63.87, up from yesterday's close by 0.08%.Share Price of Yum! Brands, Inc.  Decreases -0.68% - Energy Index"
p2
aS'Why Is Yum! Brands  Down 4.6% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Yum! Brands, Inc. YUM. Shares have lost about 4.6% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Yum! Brands, Inc.  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio - Energy IndexYum! Brands, Inc.  Lifted to Outperform at Evercore ISI - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS"Yum Brands To Rally Back To $70 Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Yum! Brands, Inc.  came across my radar because the stock's medium term sentiment levels are pretty oversold  plus its momentum indicators are also below the 30 level ."
p4
aS'Yum! Brands, Inc. to Participate in the JP Morgan Gaming, Lodging, Restaurant ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Brands, Inc.  today announced David Gibbs, President &amp; CFO, Yum! Brands, will participate in the J.P.Yum! Brands, Inc. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalKeybank National Association OH Increases Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS"Evercore ISI plays the long game with Yum Brands Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Evercore ISI lifts Yum Brands  to an Outperform rating after having the restaurant stock set at In-Line. The investment firm isn't looking for a quick pop in share price, calling the Yum bet a &quot;slow and steady wins the race&quot; upgrade.Today Analysts Focus on Yum! Brands, Inc. , Aetna Inc.  - StockNewsJournalSmart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Yum! Brands, Inc.  - Energy Index"
p6
aS'Yum! Brands, Inc.  sitting close to a major resistance line on the ... USA Commerce Daily - 10 hours ago With all other things going on, Yum! Brands, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 0.45 percent in just three months.'
p7
aS'Better Buy: Shake Shack Inc. vs. Yum! Brands Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 The restaurant industry has gotten extremely competitive in recent years. Well-established player Yum! Brands , which is the driving force behind KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut, has seen competition from up-and-coming burger specialist Shake&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Yum! Brands Poised to Grow Post China Division Separation Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Yum! Brands has a Zacks Rank #3 . Some better-ranked stocks in this sector include Potbelly Corporation PBPB, Dave &amp; Buster's Entertainment, Inc. PLAY and Darden Restaurants, Inc. DRI. All these stocks carry a Zacks Rank #2 . You can see the&nbsp;...Street Recommendation Roundup: Apple Inc. , Yum! Brands, Inc ... - Rives JournalYum! Brands, Inc.  Recent Ownership Changes - Post Analyst"
p9
aS'Stock Alert: Yum! Brands Inc Realized Volatility Hits An Extreme Low CML News - 10 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Yum! Brands Inc  has seen its stock price move at a plunging low level.'
p10
a.