(lp0
S'Agilent Technologies Hires Samraat Sam Raha to Head Strategy and Corporate ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc.,  today announced that Samraat Sam Raha has been named senior vice president of strategy and corporate development, reporting to Agilent President and CEO Mike McMullen.'
p1
aS'Agilent Technologies Enhances Exome Sequencing for Clinical Research Business Wire  - Mar 21, 2017 SANTA CLARA, Calif.----Agilent Technologies Inc.  today introduced a new target enrichment solution for next-generation DNA sequencing.'
p2
aS'Agilent Technologies: Koh Boon Hwee Appointed New Chairman Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc. A recently announced that Koh Boon Hwee will be the new chairman of the board, with immediate effect.Koh Boon Hwee elected as chairman of Agilent Technologies Inc.  board - Benchmark Monitor'
p3
aS'Agilent Technologies Announces Cash Dividend of 13.2 Cents per Share Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc.  today announced that a quarterly dividend of 13.2 cents per share of common stock will be paid on April 26, 2017, to all shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 4, 2017.Agilent Technologies, Mobileye, Netflix - Times of IndiaAgilent Technologies Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com'
p4
aS"Agilent Technologies Receives 2017 Scientists' Choice Award for Best Webinar ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc.  has received a 2017 Scientists' Choice Award - Best Webinar Series of the Year - for its Biopharmaceuticals Webinar Series titled Solutions in Biopharmaceutical Discovery and Development, which ran for 10 episodes&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Agilent Technologies Extends Biopharma Portfolio with Advanced Mass Spec System Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc.  introduces the latest addition to its portfolio of solutions for biopharmaceutical labs: the Agilent 6545XT AdvanceBio LC/Q-TOF MS System.'
p6
aS"Agilent Technologies Board of Directors Elects Koh Boon Hwee as New Chairman Business Wire  - Mar 15, 2017 BUSINESS WIRE)--Agilent Technologies Inc.  today announced that Koh Boon Hwee has been elected chairman of the board, effective at the end of today's shareholders' meeting."
p7
aS"While Performing Well, The Expectations Around Agilent Are High Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 So while I do think Agilent is a good company in the life sciences tools space , it's hard for me to get comfortable with a valuation that already assumes double-digit long-term annualized free cash flow and/or a forward EV/EBITDA ..."
p8
aS'Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy on Agilent Technologies ... Market Exclusive - Mar 18, 2017 Agilent Technologies, Inc. provides application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow.Agilent Technologies, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p9
aS'Agilent Technologies Introduces Postnatal Assay for Detection of Genetic Anomalies Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Agilent Technologies Inc.  has introduced its first comparative genomic hybridization  assay for diagnostic use: the GenetiSure Dx Postnatal Assay.'
p10
a.