(lp0
S'Hackers Demand Ransom From Apple Inc. ValueWalk - 12 hours ago Alleged hackers calling themselves the Turkish Crime Family have demanded that Apple pay ransom in exchange for the massive amounts of email account information and iCloud data they claim to have.'
p1
aS"5 Reasons China Is Still Key for Apple, Inc. Bloomington Pantagraph - 4 hours ago In Apple's  most recent quarter, revenue in Greater China, which includes China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, was down 12% year over year."
p2
aS"New Products Hint at the Next Move from Apple Inc.  Yahoo Finance - 11 hours ago Apple Inc.  investors and analysts are looking forward to the highly-anticipated unveiling of iPhone 8 in September.Apple, Inc.'s New Products: Everything You Need to Know - Bloomington PantagraphWhat's Going On With Apple Inc.'s iPad Pro? - Motley Fool"
p3
aS"Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140 -- What's Next? Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Believe it or not, just over nine years after Apple introduced the first iPhone, the smartphone is still Apple's bread and butter. In Apple's most recent quarter, for instance, the iPhone accounted for a whopping 69% of the company's revenue. Of course ..."
p4
aS'Invest Like Ken Fisher: Apple Inc. , NVIDIA Corporation , Facebook ... Smarter Analyst - 10 hours ago Billionaire hedge fund manager Ken Fisher is feeling bullish about the state of the market- a sentiment reflected in his fourth-quarter trades when he upped positions in key stocks such as Apple Inc. , NVIDIA Corporation  and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Is Apple Trying to Ditch Its Luxury Status? Inc.com - 11 hours ago But a company valued as richly as Apple also needs to keep its margins high, and that's why it's also turning into a luxury brand at the same time -- note that Apple's iPad Pro debuted at $600, higher than the iPad Air 2 it nominally replaced. As ..."
p6
aS"Examining Apple Inc.'s  New Online Store Updates, Previewing Micron ... Smarter Analyst - 17 hours ago Apple Inc.  is spring cleaning its online store, welcoming Apple enthusiasts to a fresh line of both products as well as product updates, but for Nomura, the true prize waits in the fall: the launch of the iPhone 8. Meanwhile, as Micron&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Is Apple Lowering The Bar? Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago The easy money has been made in Apple. Now long investors will have to see it trading with an earnings multiple of 20, 25, etc.Apple, Inc. Gets Aggressive With the New iPad - Motley FoolApple drives further into Facebook, Snap territory with video app - Reuters'
p8
aS"Today, the last bear on Wall Street threw in the towel and upgraded Apple's ... Seeking Alpha - 13 hours ago As one of the richest, most visible companies in the world, this is a high-profile political event both for the company and for the Trump administration."
p9
aS"Helmerich &amp; Payne, Inc.  Options are Outperforming Netflix Inc ... Yahoo Finance - 12 hours ago While the tech stocks like Netflix Inc  and Apple Inc  have been getting all the headlines, it turns out that the little remembered, 'boring,' basic materials company Helmerich &amp; Payne, Inc.  has seen its stock price return sit at ..."
p10
a.