(lp0
S"American Bio Media says it's at risk of losing major contract Albany Times Union - Mar 20, 2017 American Bio Medica, a drug testing kit manufacturer in Kinderhook, claims that its former sales director is poaching its customers, putting a large chunk of its revenue at risk."
p1
aS'ABMC Launches New Rapid Drug Test for K2 Business Wire  - Dec 29, 2015 KINDERHOOK, N.Y.----American Bio Medica Corporation  announced today that they have completed the research and development of a new rapid urine drug test that will detect compounds found in synthetic marijuana;&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Drug test manufacturer seeking FDA approval for new product Albany Business Review  - Apr 7, 2015 American Bio Medica Corp. is seeking federal approval for a drug testing product the Kinderhook-based company would market to the criminal justice industry.'
p3
aS'Angion Biomedica to Present Clinical and Preclinical Data at the Upcoming ... Business Wire  - Nov 2, 2015 UNIONDALE, N.Y.----Angion Biomedica Corp. announced today that it will present Phase 2 data from one clinical program and three preclinical programs at the American Society of Nephrology Kidney Week, November 3-8, 2015 in San&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Angion Biomedica Corp.'s Phase 2 GUARD Clinical Trial of BB3 in Acute Kidney ... Yahoo Finance - Jan 31, 2017 Angion Biomedica Corp. announced today that its Phase 2 GUARD clinical trial  using investigational drug BB3 in patients at risk for acute kidney injury  was underway with the first patient being dosed."
p5
aS'Immunoassay Markets: Global Analysis and Opportunity Evaluation 2016 - 2020 PR Newswire  - Jan 24, 2017 ... Access Bio, AccuBioTech, Accutech, ACON Laboratories, Aesku Diagnostics, Akers Biosciences, Akrivis Technologies, Alere, Alfa Scientific Designs, ALPCO, Alverix , Amedica Biotech, American Bio Medica Corp, AmniSure , Ani Biotech Oy,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'High-Growth Diagnostic Testing Markets Report - 2016 Edition - Research and ... Business Wire  - Jan 22, 2016 There will be a steady increase in demand for new diagnostic testing services in the next five-year period, along with pressures to improve the quality of healthcare delivered in the clinic and also to lower its costs.'
p7
aS"Kinderhook Bank Corp. Appoints Carl A. Florio to Board of Directors Business Wire  - Aug 26, 2016 Florio is currently a Director of American Bio Medica Corporation and is a board member of the Hudson River Bank &amp; Trust Foundation, State University of New York at Albany Foundation, Columbia Children's Center, and AAA Hudson Valley."
p8
aS'Global Point of Care Diagnostic Testing World Markets Report 2015 PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2015 Point of care testing  enables rapid diagnostic tests to be performed while the patient is at the point of care facility where results can be obtained immediately, rather than waiting hours or even days for outside lab results to arrive.'
p9
aS'Drugs of Abuse Testing Markets PR Newswire  - May 6, 2014 Moreover, special attention is paid to Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration  requirements, which aims to prevent substance abuse in the U.S.'
p10
a.