(lp0
S"Accentia Strikes $1.25M Deal To End Investors' Vaccine Suit Law360  - Sep 5, 2014 Law360, Miami  -- An Accentia Biopharmaceuticals Inc. subsidiary agreed Friday to pay $1.25 million to settle a putative securities class action in Florida federal court accusing the company of lying to investors about ..."
p1
aS'Stock trades end for two Tampa Bay biopharma firms Tampa Bay Business Journal  - Jan 19, 2016 The companies, Accentia Biopharmaceuticals Inc. in Tampa and Biostem U.S. Corp. in Clearwater, have not filed quarterly reports with the SEC for more than three years, and failed to respond to delinquency letters sent to them, according to an Oct. 16 ...'
p2
aS'Accentia Biopharmaceuticals Announces that Revimmune Autoimmune Disease ... Business Wire  - May 4, 2011 TAMPA, Fla.----Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced that Revimmune, its proprietary system-of-care based on high-dose administration of Cytoxan , was featured in an article published&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Accentia Biopharmaceuticals acquires worldwide exclusive license to Revimmune EurekAlert  - Feb 28, 2007 Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  has acquired the exclusive worldwide rights for Revimmune, a patent-pending pharmaceutical treatment in late-stage development for a variety of autoimmune diseases.'
p4
aS"Biovest Exits Bankruptcy, Appoints New CEO Twin Cities Business Magazine - Jul 16, 2013 The publicly traded company is a subsidiary of Tampa, Florida-based Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., and manufactures vaccines, which treat and prevent remission of B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, a cancer of the immune system."
p5
aS'Biotech Stock Directory Update InvestorIdeas.com  - Aug 14, 2014 Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  is committed to building significant value for its stockholders through the commercialization of patent-protected disruptive healthcare technologies designed to be positioned as leading products for the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'AYTU: Gearing Up To Launch Natesto; Bolsters Leadership Team; Pursues NASDAQ ... Zacks Small Cap Research  - Jul 20, 2016 He was also president of the Catevo Group, a North Carolina-based healthcare consulting firm, and executive vice president, sales and marketing at TEAMM Pharmaceuticals, an Accentia Biopharmaceuticals company. Mr. Cantrell started his pharmaceutical&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Advantages of Biovest's Bio-manufacturing Systems for Viral Cell Production ... Business Wire  - Jun 15, 2011 MINNEAPOLIS----Biovest International, Inc. , a majority-owned subsidiary of Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. , today announced that Biovest's hollow-fiber bioreactor technology was featured in an article&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Max Planck Institute Presents Study Positioning Biovest Bioreactor Systems as ... Business Wire  - Jul 19, 2012 MINNEAPOLIS----Biovest International, Inc. , a majority-owned subsidiary of Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. , today announced that the Max Planck Society recently hosted a research seminar in Berlin,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"What Does GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- ADR's  Results Mean For The Marijuana ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 15, 2016 Board Chairman James A. McNulty has been an active contributor to biotechnology and health care related companies, including BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. , Hedgepath Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.