(lp0
S"Future infrastructure needs to be funded by Google, Airbnb: Aecom boss The Australian Financial Review - Mar 22, 2017 City infrastructure will increasingly be funded by the revenues of new economic players such as Google or Airbnb, says AECOM's global director for cities Stephen Engblom. With traditional models relying on real estate development to fund infrastructure&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'AECOM helps get green light for Glyn Rhonwy Environment Analyst - Mar 15, 2017 Environmental consultants from AECOM have helped Snowdonia Pumped Hydro gain a development consent order for the Glyn Rhonwy pumped storage project in Llanberis, near Snowdonia.'
p2
aS"Aecom plans $3.5bn spending spree to cash in on Trump's trillion GCR - Mar 8, 2017 US engineering giant Aecom is preparing to launch a $3.5bn acquisition spree, expecting a surge in demand for road, rail and energy projects as President Donald Trump's plan to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure takes effect.Bloomberg: AECOM plans $3.5B infrastructure spending run - Construction Dive"
p3
aS"World's Biggest Engineering Firm Plans to Spend Billions to Become Biggest in ... Bloomberg - Mar 6, 2017 AECOM Chairman and CEO Michael Burke discusses President Trump's call for $1 trillion in infrastructure spending, trade deals and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross' stress on private sector investment into infrastructure."
p4
aS'AECOM wins $25M Army Corps of Engineers environmental consulting job Washington Technology - Mar 15, 2017 The new award calls for AECOM to help the corps New England district with environmental assessments, policy, resource management, and other responsibilities.'
p5
aS'Aecom unveils Hampshire garden village scheme Building Design - Mar 7, 2017 Proposals by Aecom and Adam Architecture for one of the first new garden village settlements to have been earmarked by the government earlier this year have been submitted to planners in Hampshire.'
p6
aS"Trump's Infrastructure Promise Pays Off for AECOM Bloomberg - Mar 10, 2017 President Donald Trump's promise of $1 trillion dollars in infrastructure spending has paid immediate dividends for one company, even before any legislation gets discussed.AECOM Is Rooting for That Trump Infrastructure Plan - BloombergQuint"
p7
aS'AECOM names Paul Praylo Chief Operating Officer of its Construction Services ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AECOM, a premier, fully integrated global infrastructure firm, today announced Paul Praylo has been named Chief Operating Officer  of Construction Services , a global construction division that grew&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"AECOM and Washington River Protection Solutions win Campbell Institute's 2017 ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 AECOM, a premier, fully integrated global infrastructure firm, announced today that together with Washington River Protection Solutions , an AECOM-led team, it has won the Campbell Institute's 2017 Innovation Challenge for its Physiological&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"AECOM Unit Lands Army Contract for Environmental Consulting Services ExecutiveBiz  - Mar 17, 2017 AECOM's technical services business has secured a $25 million firm-fixed-price contract from the U.S. Army to provide environmental consulting services."
p10
a.