(lp0
S'Accenture plc Class A   Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Accenture plc Class A   traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock gained 1.48% to close at $126.48.Accenture plc  PT Raised to $138 at Stifel ahead of 2Q Report - StreetInsider.comStifel Nicolaus Increases Accenture Plc  Price Target to $138.00 - BNB Daily '
p1
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Acquires Focus Group Europe to Further Solidify ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 21, 2017 21, 2017 - Accenture  has acquired Focus Group Europe, a United Kingdom-based, privately owned, ServiceNow consulting services provider and software reseller that is one of the largest remaining pure-play ServiceNow consulting partners&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Accenture plc  Appointed To Assist Kimberly-Clark Maximize ... FinancialsTrend - 50 minutes ago Accenture will also provide Kimberly-Clark LAO with related statistical modelling services which are designed to help enhance the accuracy of the forecasting as well as prediction of promotional activities.'
p3
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Introduces High Velocity Sourcing and Procurement ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 20, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 20, 2017 - Accenture  is launching a High Velocity Sourcing and Procurement solution to help organizations address procurement challenges and reap the benefits of excelling across multiple procurement dimensions at speed,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture and Docker Expand Relationship, Add Container ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK &amp; SAN FRANCISCO; Mar. 15, 2017 - Accenture  and Docker today announced an expanded global alliance and the availability of container services within the Accenture Cloud Factory, providing industrialized solutions for enterprises to&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Accenture  Closes Consulting Firm Seabury's Acquisition Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Within two months of entering into an agreement, Accenture Plc ACN completed the acquisition of Seabury Group - a strategy consulting firm - that mainly focuses on the aviation industry, last week."
p6
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Completes Seabury Group Acquisition, Bolsters ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 10, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 10, 2017 - In a move designed to deepen its existing aviation capability, Accenture  has completed its acquisition of the corporate advisory and consulting businesses of Seabury Group, a New York-based professional services&nbsp;...Seabury Capital Expands Speciality Finance, Investment Banking, Technology and ... - Yahoo Finance'
p7
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: Accenture plc, The News Journal - 11 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for Accenture plc is valued at 81007.27. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a stable and secure ..."
p8
aS"It May Be Another Record Year in China for Fintech, Accenture Says Bloomberg - Mar 7, 2017 Chinese financial-technology investments this year may exceed 2016's record $10 billion as companies continue to raise funds for expansion and big banks grow their digital services, according to Accenture Plc. The country's financial-services giants ..."
p9
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Acquires Davies Consulting, Adding Strong Asset, Risk ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 1, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 1, 2016 - Accenture  has acquired Davies Consulting, an innovative provider of utility asset management, risk management, grid and pipeline network modernization and emergency management services.'
p10
a.