(lp0
S"Acorda Therapeutics Higher Off Favorable Patent Ruling Related To Ampyra Benzinga - Mar 9, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics Inc  shares are trading higher by $1.83  at $30.13 in Thursday's session.Acorda Therapeutics up 7% on patent ruling - Seeking AlphaAcorda Therapeutics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS'Acorda Therapeutics Inc.  Plunges 5.19% on March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics Inc.  had a rough trading day for Tuesday March 21 as shares tumbled 5.19%, or a loss of $-1.4 per share, to close at $25.60.'
p2
aS'Numeric Investors LLC Buys New Position in Acorda Therapeutics Inc  BNB Daily  - 17 hours ago Acorda Therapeutics logo Numeric Investors LLC bought a new position in Acorda Therapeutics Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Vetr Inc. Upgrades Acorda Therapeutics Inc  to Strong-Buy - Chaffey BreezeThe Vetr Inc. Upgrades Acorda Therapeutics Inc  to Strong-Buy - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Why Acorda Therapeutics Stock Is Jumping Today Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 As of 10:47 a.m. EST Thursday, shares of specialty pharmaceutical company Acorda Therapeutics  were up by more than 15%.JP Morgan Provides Thoughts On Acorda Therapeutics Inc  - Smarter AnalystAcorda Therapeutics  Phase 3 Trial CVT-30 Shows Statistically ... - StreetInsider.com'
p4
aS'Acorda Therapeutics Can Deliver Sustained Growth Seeking Alpha - Aug 24, 2016 Acorda Therapeutics  is a small biotech  that markets three products for patients suffering from the effects of multiple sclerosis , spinal cord injury , stroke, and neuropathic pain .'
p5
aS"Acorda Up, But Patent Battle Looms Seeking Alpha - Feb 13, 2017 Positive phase III results for Acorda's  inhaled levodopa CVT-301 sent the company's stock up 21% yesterday but, with its multiple sclerosis therapy Ampyra facing two patent decisions this quarter, sales of Acorda's biggest earner could ...Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  could bounce on good earnings data out ... - FinancialsTrendFeatured Stock to Focus: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  - HugoPress"
p6
aS'Acorda Therapeutics  Jumps: Stock Adds 6.5% in Session Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR was a big mover last session, as its shares rose above 6% on the day. The move came after the United States Patent and Trademark Office  Patent Trials and Appeal Board  upheld all four patents challenged&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Acorda Therapeutics plummets as much as 13% on failed trial, discontinued drug ... MarketWatch - Nov 21, 2016 Acorda Therapeutics Inc. shares dropped as much as 13.2% in pre-market trade Monday after the company said it was discontinuing development of its drug intended for post-stroke walking difficulties after a clinical trial failure.Acorda Therapeutics: Punished By A Small Disappointment - Barron's Stock Update : Here's Why Acorda Therapeutics Inc Shares Are ... - Smarter Analyst"
p8
aS'Analyst Advice And Earnings Insight: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. , Imperva ... Post Analyst - Mar 20, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. has a consensus outperform rating from 10 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 10.75% of shares outstanding.The Public Sector Pension Investment Board Maintains Position in Acorda ... - Petro Global News 24Noticeable Stocks at -Acorda Therapeutics Inc , Atlas Energy ... - Daily News Journal'
p9
aS"Acorda Therapeutics Has Significant Upside From Its Current Stock Price Seeking Alpha - Jul 7, 2016 Acorda Therapeutics  is a central nervous system  focused emerging biopharmaceutical company. The company's pipeline includes products targeted at areas of unmet need like OFF symptoms of Parkinson's disease ,&nbsp;..."
p10
a.