(lp0
S"Ares Commercial Real Estate's  CEO Robert Rosen on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Good afternoon. And welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's conference call to discuss the company's full year and fourth quarter 2016 earnings results.Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... - Equities.comAres Commercial Real Estate Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year ... - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - Feb 16, 2017 Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 16, as the stock gained 1.12% to close at $13.54.Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness - CML NewsBrokers Change Their Target Price On Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation ... - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS'197471 Shares in Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp  Acquired by Russell ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 20, 2017 Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.Summary of Stock Move: Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  - Is storiesInsider Trading Activity Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp (NYSE:ACRE ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS"Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation to Sell Its Mortgage Banking ... Business Wire  - Jun 29, 2016 NEW YORK----Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its wholly owned mortgage banking subsidiary, ACRE Capital Holdings LLC (together with its&nbsp;...Cornerstone Real Estate to Buy Ares Commercial's Lending Unit - BloombergCornerstone Real Estate Advisers To Acquire ACRE Capital Holdings LLC - PR Newswire "
p4
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Mar 9, 2017 Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 09, as the stock lost 1.98% to close at $12.86.Stock Returns: Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  versus ... - CML NewsAres Commercial Real Estate Corp  Plans Dividend Increase  $0.27 Per Share - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS"Ares Commercial Real Estate's  CEO Rob Rosen on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Good afternoon, good morning and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's conference call to discuss the company's third quarter 2016 earnings results."
p6
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Closes the Sale of Its Mortgage ... Business Wire  - Oct 3, 2016 NEW YORK----Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  announced today that it has closed the sale of its mortgage banking subsidiary, ACRE Capital Holdings LLC , to Barings&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Closes Acquisition of Alliant Capital LLC EON: Enhanced Online News  - Sep 3, 2013 CHICAGO----Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  announced today that it has closed its previously announced acquisition of EF&amp;A Funding, L.L.'
p8
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Hires New Chief Financial Officer Business Wire  - Jul 9, 2012 CHICAGO----Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  announced today that it has hired Tae-Sik Yoon as its new Chief Financial Officer, replacing Richard Davis, who served in the same capacity on an interim basis.'
p9
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  to Release Earnings on Monday Chaffey Breeze - Feb 25, 2017 Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation logo Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  is set to post its quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Monday, February 27th.Martingale Asset Management LP Has $3268000 Stake in Ares Commercial Real ... - Community Financial NewsAres Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Dividend Payout At $0.26 - Equities Focus'
p10
a.