(lp0
S'Acura Pharmaceuticals Seeks To Raise $5 Million In Offering Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Acura Pharmaceuticals has filed to raise $5 million in a follow-on stock and warrant offering. The company is commercializing tamper-resistant medication technologies, but appears to be running out of money and time.'
p1
aS"Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc. ACUR  Wall Street Journal - Feb 13, 2011 News Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc.ACUR. No news for ACUR in the past two years. Key Stock Data ? P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc : Is An Exposure Worth The Risk? Insider Financial - Feb 9, 2017 Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. started out this week at circa $0.5 a share. By mid week, it had risen to more than $1.3, and currently trades for just shy of $1.Is Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  in Oversold Territory? - The Oracle Examiner'
p3
aS'Acura Pharmaceuticals Common Stock To Trade On The OTCQB Market GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 PALATINE, Ill., Feb. 15, 2017  -- Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company innovating abuse deterrent drugs, today announced that shares of its common stock will begin to trade on the OTCQB&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Acura Pharmaceuticals and MainPointe Pharmaceuticals Announce Deal for Nexafed ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 PALATINE, Ill., March 17, 2017  -- Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  and MainPointe Pharmaceuticals, LLC today announced that they have entered into a License Agreement  to have MainPointe exclusively market&nbsp;...ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS'Brokerage Firm Analysts Consensus on Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACUR ... Rives Journal - 16 hours ago Equity Research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00.'
p6
aS'Stock Update : Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Provides Development ... Smarter Analyst - Dec 14, 2016 Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  has provided the Company with advice on the continued development of its product candidate LTX-04  which utilizes the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Acura Pharmaceuticals'  CEO Bob Jones on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 15, 2016 ... to maximize this potential, future product sales, financial results and the company's strategy for near-term financing and long-term growth."
p8
aS'Stock Concentration on Shares of Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Investors may be looking to compare the current stock price of Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc  to some of its moving averages.Stock Check: Viewing Levels for Acura Pharmaceuticals Inc  - Rives Journal'
p9
aS'ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... Market Exclusive - Feb 25, 2017 On February 24, 2017, we increased the maximum bonus payable to Albert W. Brzeczko, Vice President Technical Affairs of our subsidiary Acura Pharmaceutical Technologies, Inc. from 35% to 50% of base salary under our non-equity bonus incentive plan.'
p10
a.