(lp0
S'Why Did American Eagle Outfitters Fall After Its Q4 Earnings? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters  shares fell nearly 10% on March 1 after the apparel retailer posted a mixed fourth quarter earnings report.American Eagle Outfitters  PT Lowered to $15 at Oppenheimer Following ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS"American Eagle Outfitters'  CEO Jay Schottenstein on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Greetings and welcome to the American Eagle Outfitters' Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.Why American Eagle Outfitters Shares Got Cut Today - Motley FoolAmerican Eagle Outfitters Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"American Eagle Outfitters Fails to Impress GuruFocus.com - Mar 17, 2017 American Eagle Outfitters Inc.  is a leading global specialty retailer with more than 1,000 stores in the United States, Canada, Mexico, China, Hong Kong and the United Kingdom.American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalFeatured Stock Update: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - HugoPress"
p3
aS"American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. closed with a change of -2.57% in the Previous ... Free Observer - 16 hours ago Currently the shares of American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  has a trading volume of 4.83 Million shares, with an average trading volume of 4.15 Million shares - with shares dropping to a 52 week low of $13.32 on May 18, 2016, and the company's&nbsp;...Trading Sheet: Examining the Levels for American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - Rives JournalFeatured Stock to See: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  - HugoPress"
p4
aS"BRIEF-American Eagle Outfitters declares regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 ... Reuters - Mar 8, 2017 BERLIN, March 9 U.S. President Donald Trump's January travel ban had a significant impact on booking rates to the United States for Emirates airline and it has not yet fully recovered, the carrier's president said on Thursday."
p5
aS"BRIEF-American Eagle Outfitters reports Q4 earnings per share $0.30 Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 SANTIAGO, March 11 The striking union at BHP Billiton's Escondida copper mine in Chile, the world's largest, said on Saturday it will not accept the company's offer to return to the negotiating table, and called on BHP to clarify its negotiating positions."
p6
aS'Critical Chart Information For American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  NY Stock News - 18 hours ago The technicals for American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p7
aS'Nonprofit/Cause-related Campaign, Winner: Aerie by American Eagle Outfitters DMN - Mar 2, 2017 As part of its ongoing commitment to driving body positive messaging to young women, Aerie partners with the National Eating Disorders Association .'
p8
aS"Apparel Stores Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Gap, American Eagle Outfitters ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 This morning, Stock-Callers.com tracks the current performances of The Gap Inc. , American Eagle Outfitters Inc. , Ascena Retail Group Inc. , and Nordstrom Inc. ."
p9
aS"Why Best Buy Co Inc , American Eagle Outfitters  and Palo Alto ... Investorplace.com - Mar 1, 2017 Feeling euphoric following Tuesday evening's encouraging speech from President Donald Trump, the bulls got back on their horses on Wednesday following Tuesday's market lull."
p10
a.