(lp0
S'Astoria Financial agrees to be bought by Sterling Bancorp for $2.2B Newsday - Mar 7, 2017 Astoria Financial Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to be acquired by Montebello, New York-based Sterling Bancorp in an all-stock deal worth $2.2 billion.Sterling Bancorp Announces Purchase Of Astoria Financial Corp. - Western Queens GazetteForm 8-K ASTORIA FINANCIAL CORP For: Mar 06 - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'BRIEF-Sterling Bancorp &amp; Astoria Financial Corp plans to merge Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 BRIEF-Sterling Bancorp &amp; Astoria Financial Corp plans to merge. March 7 Sterling Bancorp: * Sterling Bancorp and Astoria Financial Corporation announce plans to merge, creating a high performing regional bank. * Sterling Bancorp - transaction valued at&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Basswood Capital is Buying Astoria Financial Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Astoria Financial Corporation is the unitary savings and loan holding company of Astoria Bank and its subsidiaries.The Astoria Financial Corp  Position Maintained by New York State Teachers ... - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS"Active Volume Stock Update: Astoria Financial Corporation  HugoPress - 17 hours ago PiperJaffray Downgrades Astoria Financial Corporation 's stock to Neutral with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 3/08/17.Scorching Stock in Action: Astoria Financial Corporation  - TopChronicle"
p4
aS"Astoria Financial Corp: Hits over 8-yr high Times of India - Mar 7, 2017 Sterling Bancorp to buy Astoria Financial in all-stock deal valued at $2.2 bln. ** Offer price of $21.92/shr represents a premium of 18.6 pct to Astoria's Monday close."
p5
aS"Featured Stock to Focus: Astoria Financial Corporation  HugoPress - Mar 21, 2017 PiperJaffray Downgrades Astoria Financial Corporation 's stock to Neutral with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 3/08/17."
p6
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Astoria Financial Corporation  The USA Commerce - Mar 20, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Astoria Financial Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS'Analyst Downgrades  Astoria Financial Corp  Stock Gets Downgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Mar 8, 2017 Today, Astoria Financial Corp  stock was downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies from Overweight to Neutral. There are 1 sell rating, 2 hold ratings on the stock.Astoria Financial Corporation  Breaks into New 52-Week High on March 07 ... - Equities.com'
p8
aS'Astoria Financial Corp  Position Maintained by New York State Teachers ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Astoria Financial Corp logo New York State Teachers Retirement System continued to hold its stake in shares of Astoria Financial Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional ...Research Ratings: The Goldfield Corporation , E*TRADE Financial ... - Normangee StarStock Highlights: E*TRADE Financial Corporation  - ClickLancashire'
p9
aS"The Technical Facts on Astoria Financial Corporation  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Astoria Financial Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.