(lp0
S'Lincoln Educational Services  Reaches $2.34 After 8.00% Up Move, Amn ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 15, 2017 Alta Natural Herbs and Supplements Ltd is a Canada dietary supplements and neutraceuticals company. The company has market cap of $1.69 million.'
p1
aS'HEALTH: why exercise is a miracle cure Daily Mail - Jan 15, 2017 Some iron supplements can lead to constipation and gastrointestinal discomfort, so Nicole recommends trying iron-rich foods first.'
p2
aS'Get fit in just FIFTEEN minutes: The simple exercise you can do to tone your ... Daily Mail - Feb 12, 2017 Ever tried to sit down and stand up with only one leg? This is a great move for toning the bottom, says Nadya Fairweather, founder of u-shape.'
p3
aS'INDUSTRY BRIEFS Oil & Gas Financial Journal - Jan 18, 2017 Anadarko Petroleum has agreed to sell its operated and non-operated upstream assets and operated midstream assets in the Marcellus Shale of north-central Pennsylvania to Alta Marcellus Development LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Alta Resources ...'
p4
aS"Alton natural gas storage facility gets green light from Nova Scotia CBC.ca - Jan 21, 2016 Nova Scotia has approved an application by AltaGas Ltd. to proceed with its Alton natural gas storage project, but some critics - including the nearest Mi'kmaq band - remain unconvinced it is safe for the environment."
p5
aS'Destructive Washington fire empties another town Daily Mail - Jul 18, 2014 PATEROS, Wash.  - A massive wildfire that has destroyed at least 100 homes has forced the residents of a second north-central Washington town to leave their homes, and prompted a partial evacuation of a third community, a sheriff said Friday night.'
p6
aS"Bike sharing takes hold in the US BikeRadar.com - Aug 28, 2011 &quot;We're over the major failure points: theft and vandalism, the systems in place are surviving; the safety record of the systems are, so far, extremely positive, and liability has not been an issue,&quot; said Alison Cohen, the president of Alta Bicycle ..."
p7
aS"The story of the tragic death of Ezekiel Stephan in 2012 begins with the ... Calgary Herald - Jun 13, 2016 n January of 1994, Debora Stephan drove her silver minivan to a remote park outside Cardston, Alta. The 40-year-old had been ... In addition to those treatments, Ezekiel regularly took several supplements, including one called EMPowerplus. It's the ..."
p8
aS"Exploiting December tax-loss selling MarketWatch - Dec 1, 2011 CHAPEL HILL, N.C.  - One oft-repeated trading rule on Wall Street says we shouldn't let Uncle Sam manage our portfolios."
p9
aS'Alberta father jailed, mother gets house arrest in meningitis baby death Toronto Star - Jun 24, 2016 LETHBRIDGE, ALTA.A couple who failed to get proper medical treatment for their son who died of bacterial meningitis are going to spend time in custody.'
p10
a.