(lp0
S'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Nicoud Insurance Services PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around ...Arthur J. Gallagher Adds Nicoud Insurance to its Portfolio - Yahoo FinanceArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. : Thoughts on the Momentum - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'May 19th Options Now Available For Arthur J. Gallagher  Nasdaq - Mar 20, 2017 Investors in Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  saw new options become available today, for the May 19th expiration.'
p2
aS'Financial management firm Argentis acquired by Arthur J Gallagher &amp; Co. Startups.co.uk - Nov 10, 2016 Argentis, the Canterbury-based financial planning and employee benefits consultant, has been acquired by US insurance brokerage Arthur J Gallagher &amp; Co. Founded in 2005, Argentis provides benefit and wealth management services to private and&nbsp;...American broker Arthur J. Gallagher buys London advice firm - Citywire.co.ukArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Argentis - PR Newswire '
p3
aS'Ex-Gallagher employee jailed for five years for stealing 1.8m Insurance Age - Mar 21, 2017 City of London Police reported that Turner was a claims manager for Indemnity Risk Solutions , part of Ink Underwriting, a company owned by Arthur J. Gallagher. According to a police statement, from June 2012 until July 2016, Turner doctored ...'
p4
aS"Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Named A World's Most Ethical Company By The ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 ROLLING MEADOWS, Ill., March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  , one of the world's largest insurance brokerage and risk management services providers, has been recognized by the Ethisphere Institute, a global&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Hill, Chesson &amp; Woody PR Newswire  - Jan 13, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client-service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...'
p6
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Ace IRM Insurance Broking Group In Australia PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and does business in more than 150 countries around the world through a network of&nbsp;...Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 01, 2017 - Nasdaq'
p7
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires The Presidio Group, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 31, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Eagle Insurance Agency in New York - Insurance JournalEarnings Forecast Research on Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  - Trade Calls'
p8
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Lewis &amp; Associates Insurance Brokers, Inc. PR Newswire  - Feb 7, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...Insider Trading at Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.? - Sports PerspectivesArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS"BRIEF-Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co acquires Eagle Insurance Agency Llc Reuters - Jan 30, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p10
a.