(lp0
S'Alaska Air Group to hold investor day on March 29 Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 SEATTLE, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Alaska Air Group, Inc. , the parent company of Alaska Airlines, Inc., Virgin America Inc. and Horizon Air Industries, Inc., will hold an investor day on Wednesday, March 29, 2017 in New York.Insider Trading Activity Alaska Air Group, Inc.   Chairman Sold ... - Market ExclusiveAnalytical Guide for Alaska Air Group, Inc. , The Valspar Corporation ... - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS"Alaska Airlines &amp; Condor Airlines Ink Mileage Plan Pact Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago In a customer-friendly move, Alaska Airlines, the wholly owned subsidiary of Alaska Air Group, Inc. ALK, tied up with Europe's Condor Airlines for its Mileage Plan program."
p2
aS'Alaska Air Group February Traffic and Capacity Increase Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 Alaska Air Group Inc.  witnessed a 1.7% rise in traffic in the month of February from a year ago. Traffic - measured in revenue passenger miles  - came in at 3.5 billion, up from 3.4 billion recorded in Feb 2016.'
p3
aS'Alaska Air Group Combined Feb. Traffic Up 1.7% - Quick Facts Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017  - Alaska Air Group Inc.  announced that, on a combined basis for all operations, Air Group reported a 1.7 percent increase in traffic on a 1.2 percent increase in capacity compared to February 2016.Option Market: Alaska Air Group Inc Risk Hits A Substantially Lowered Level - CML NewsWhy to Keeping Eye on Alaska Air Group, Inc. , Akamai Technologies, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS'BRIEF-Alaska Air Group Inc says expects consolidated nonoperating expense of ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 BRIEF-Vermillion say co, unit entered amendment No. 2 to testing, services agreement with Quest Diagnostics effective March 11, 2017.'
p5
aS"Alaska partners with Condor ahead of flights between Seattle and Munich Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 20, 2017 Alaska Air Group Inc. has signed a partnership with Condor Airlines to give Alaska's mileage rewards plan members opportunities to earn and use miles on Condor flights."
p6
aS"Why Alaska Air Group, Inc. Stock  Deserves a Place in Your Portfolio Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 Seattle, WA based Alaska Air Group, Inc.  has lately been the shining star of the airline industry. Shares of the carrier gained 47% over the last six months, comfortably outperforming the Zacks categorized Transportation- Airline industry, which ...Insider Trading Activity Alaska Air Group, Inc.   VP Sold 16781 ... - Market ExclusiveAnalyst's Indicator Review for Alaska Air Group, Inc. , The Estee Lauder ... - The USA Commerce"
p7
aS"Alaska Airlines adds daily flights from San Diego as California expansion ... Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 15, 2017 Alaska Airlines said it's expanding again in the Golden State, adding service to six new destinations from Southern California's San Diego International Airport."
p8
aS"Virgin America boosts Alaska Airlines' February traffic; storms hit on-time ... Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 10, 2017 Alaska Air Group Inc. notched slightly higher passenger traffic in February thanks to increases on Alaska Airlines and its newly acquired Virgin America affiliate in California.Indianapolis airport scores another nonstop flight to San Francisco - Indianapolis Business Journal"
p9
aS'Imperial Capitas treads lightly in airline sector Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 &quot;2017 is likely to be a transition year, with margins under pressure due to greater than anticipated domestic and international capacity growth, unit revenues lagging previous expectations, spiking labor costs, and rising jet fuel prices,&quot; reads the ...'
p10
a.