(lp0
S"In It For The Long Haul? Long Term Growth Pick: Alexander's, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 3 hours ago Alexander's, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research. With their stock price currently trading around $423.57, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the past few years."
p1
aS"Decision Time: Alexander's Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection Point CML News - 17 hours ago Decision Time: Alexander's Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point."
p2
aS"What You Must Know About Alexander's Inc's  ROE? Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 With 24.5% ROE in the last year, Alexander's Inc  appeared more efficient when we look at the industry average of 11.74% ROE.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Alexander's, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardAlexander's, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge"
p3
aS"Alexander's: An Excellent Growth Story In An Overheated Market Seeking Alpha  - Feb 28, 2015 Alexander's Inc.  is a REIT having six properties in the greater New York City metropolitan area. ALX is managed by Vornado Realty Trust , which currently owns 32.4% of ALX's outstanding common stock."
p4
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  versus National Retail Properties ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Alexander's Inc  versus National Retail Properties Inc  ."
p5
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  is Beating DDR Corp.  CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Alexander's Inc  versus DDR Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months."
p6
aS"Alexander's, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - Mar 17, 2017 Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of Alexander's, Inc. . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 0 brokers have issued a rating of ..."
p7
aS"Alexander's Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Alexander's Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness."
p8
aS"A New Kind of Stock Chart: Alexander's Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Jan 16, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Alexander's Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year."
p9
aS"Meter reader hits, kills puppy on family's property FOX 13 News, Tampa Bay - 3 hours ago Alexander, Inc.'s Chief Operating Officer, Chris Molina has a different perspective. He said the city does give them rights to go onto homeowners' properties to check meters."
p10
a.