(lp0
S'Commit To Buy Alexion Pharmaceuticals At $75, Earn 5.1% Using Options Nasdaq - 14 hours ago Investors considering a purchase of Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  stock, but cautious about paying the going market price of $119.16/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p1
aS'Alexion Pharmaceuticals Enters Oversold Territory  Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 In trading on Tuesday, shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 28.0, after changing hands as low as $117.57 per share.'
p2
aS"Alexion Pharma  Submits Application in Japan for Soliris to Treat ... StreetInsider.com - 11 hours ago Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced today that it has submitted an application to Japan's Ministry of Labour and Welfare  to extend the indication for Soliris  as a potential treatment for patients with refractory&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - 13 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p4
aS"Jim Cramer Weighs In On Alexion Pharmaceuticals And Lowe's Companies Benzinga - Mar 8, 2017 On CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer said that Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is a takeover target, but he can't recommend it just on takeover basis.Alexion Pharma  Founder to Retire as Chairman and Board Member - StreetInsider.comAlexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Research Coverage Started at Nomura - Chaffey Breeze"
p5
aS"Analyst Activity  Leerink Swann Reiterates Outperform on Alexion ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of therapeutic products. The Company's products include Soliris , Strensiq  and Kanuma .Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Ducks Under The Trend Line - Midway MonitorAlexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS"Alexion  Licenses Artubus Technology for Rare Diseases Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ALXN has recently licensed Arbutus Biopharma Corporation's ABUS proprietary lipid nanoparticle  technology for use in one of former's rare disease programs.Stocks Buzz -B&amp;G Foods, Inc. , Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - Daily News JournalAlexion paying up to $80M to develop new drug - Hartford Business"
p7
aS'Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  sitting close to a major resistance line ... USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago With all other things going on, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -1.12 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS"Alexion To Cut 7 Percent Of Workforce, Setting Off Political Debate Hartford Courant - Mar 15, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc., a major player in Connecticut's fledgling bioscience industry, plans to lay off more than 200 employees in the coming weeks, a spokeswoman said Wednesday."
p9
aS'Alexion: Weighing The Pros And Cons Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 The pioneering biotech Alexion  has released Q4 and full-year 2016 earnings and held a conference call that had both positives and negatives.'
p10
a.