(lp0
S'AMD has formed a head and shoulders formation creating concerns for active ... Seeking Alpha - 13 hours ago The macro backdrop and heightened likelihood of a market correction poorly positions investors who have a cost basis above $12.50.'
p1
aS"Top Analysts See Massive Industry Potential for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc ... Smarter Analyst - 11 hours ago Two of Wall Street's best-performing analysts are out with glimmering forecasts on two leading chip giants: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and NVIDIA Corporation . Jefferies is lifting sales projections on AMD, as the analyst&nbsp;...The Powerful Option Strategy In Advanced Micro Devices  - Baystreet.caAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Stock Is a Darling. Now Sell It - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS"If You Love Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., You Should Check Out Broadcom Ltd. Motley Fool - Mar 19, 2017 The ticker sports enormous trading volumes and equally impressive amounts of investor chatter, and all for good reason: AMD shares have gained an outrageous 440% over the last 52 weeks, producing huge returns for investors. But maybe it's time to&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"AMD Stock Soars As Analysts Boost Price Targets ValueWalk - Mar 20, 2017 One of the highlights from the note was his boosted price target for AMD stock. He bumped it up to $12 from $9 per share, as he thinks the company stands a good chance of beating the Street's estimate of a 5% increase quarter over quarter for the ...Is Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Going All Out To Take Down Intel ... - AmigobullsWhy AMD, Snap, and NVIDIA Jumped Today - Motley Fool"
p4
aS"Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Announces Ryzen 5 CPUs to Launch Worldwide ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  announced Ryzen 5 desktop processors will launch worldwide on April 11, 2017, offering disruptive price-to-performance for gamers and creators.Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Brings Zen To Mainstream Gamers With ... - FinancialsTrendAMD Update: Ryzen 5 Poses A Challenge on Intel's Kaby Lake Core on PC - Droid Report"
p5
aS"World's Smartest Billionaire Jim Simons Boosts Positions in Advanced Micro ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 14, 2017 According to recently-released 13F forms filed with the SEC, we can see that in Q4 the fund upped its Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Gilead Sciences, Inc.  positions but cut back its exposure to NVIDIA Corporation&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Popped Nearly 20% in February Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 AMD said its revenue hit $1.11 billion for the quarter, up 15% year over year, due to strong sales of the company's GPUs. Investors were also likely pleased to see the AMD's gross margin improve to 32%, a year-over-year increase of 2 percentage points.Top Analyst Boosts Price Target on Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , Sees ... - Smarter AnalystAMD: Mubadala Wasn't The Only Insider Selling - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Who Could Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ? Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 With its strong positive catalysts and leverage to high growth technologies, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  could very well follow in the footsteps of Mobileye NV  and become a takeover target.Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. : Can Entry Into S&amp;P 500 Index Create A ... - Simply Wall StIntel, Advanced Micro Devices, Fate Therapeutics News Today - Schaeffers Research '
p8
aS"Advanced Micro Devices Stock Falls Following Poor Review Of Ryzen 7 Benzinga - Mar 2, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  shares are trading lower by $0.55  at $14.41 in Thursday's session.Analysts Give Competitive Advantage to Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and ... - Smarter AnalystAdvanced Micro Devices -4.4% amid Ryzen 7 release - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS"The Hype Surrounding Advanced Micro Device's Ryzen Product Launch Benzinga - Feb 27, 2017 Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , which had a torrid run after 2006, began to turn the corner in early 2016.Why Advanced Micro Devices, Windstream Holdings, and Gogo Jumped Today - Motley FoolChristopher Lord's Top Q4 Trades: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , Facebook ... - Smarter Analyst"
p10
a.