(lp0
S'Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 6, 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 07, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.2 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 23, 2017.Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  Shares Upgraded To Hold - Stock Market DailyAffiliated Managers Group, Inc.  Position Increased by Sirios Capital ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'EdgePoint Investment Group Inc. Buys Affiliated Managers Group, Manulife ... Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017 EdgePoint Investment Group Inc. initiated holdings in Manulife Financial Corp. The purchase prices were between $14.08 and $18.73, with an estimated average price of $16.29.'
p2
aS"Affiliated Managers Group Finishes 2016 Strong, Sets First Dividend Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 Affiliated Managers Group's fourth-quarter results reflected the tough conditions in the financial industry and the company's efforts at overcoming them. Revenue was down 7% to $550.3 million, and that was worse than the roughly 4.5% decline that most&nbsp;...Affiliated Managers Group's  CEO Sean Healey on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking AlphaAMG Announces Initiation of Cash Dividend and Increase in Share Repurchase ... - Business Wire "
p3
aS'Analyst Sentiment Outlines Long Term Upside for Affiliated Managers Group, Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.'
p4
aS"Trading Circle: Narrowing in on Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc ... Sherwood Daily - 15 hours ago Investors may be looking at the Piotroski F-Score when doing value analysis. The F-Score was developed to help find company stocks that have solid fundamentals, and to separate out weaker companies. Piotroski's F-Score uses nine tests based on&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Affiliated Managers Group Inc  versus Financial ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Affiliated Managers Group Inc  versus Financial Engines Inc  .'
p6
aS'Affiliated Managers Group Inc  CEO and Chairman Sean M Healey Sold $9.6 ... GuruFocus.com - Dec 17, 2016 Affiliated Managers Group Inc., is an asset management company with equity investments in a group of boutique investment management firms or Affiliates.AMG Appoints Hugh Cutler as Head of Global Distribution - Business Wire Affiliated Managers Expands Wealth Portfolio and Managed Assets - Market Realist'
p7
aS'Affiliated Managers Group: A Bet That Active Management Is Not Dying Seeking Alpha - Jan 12, 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.  is a global asset management company which purchases equity stakes in other asset management firms.'
p8
aS'Affiliated Managers Group: Investment Manager Highlight  Investopedia - Apr 9, 2016 is a multinational investment manager headquartered in West Palm Beach, Florida. The company employs a multi-affiliate business model under which it takes equity stakes in specialty boutique investment firms, which then continue operating independently&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Affiliated Managers Group CEO paid $17.5m last year The Boston Globe - Apr 29, 2016 Sean Healey, the chief executive of investment company Affiliated Managers Group Inc., received $17.5 million in total compensation last year, more than triple his 2014 pay, but less than he earned the prior year.'
p10
a.