(lp0
S'Amgen Inc.  Sank To A 1-Month Low After Repatha Study RTT News - Mar 20, 2017 Amgen Inc.  announced Friday morning that the 27,564-patient study of Repatha found that adding the drug to optimized statin therapy resulted in a statistically significant 20 percent reduction in heart attack, stroke or cardiovascular death ...Amgen Inc.  Is Sinking Despite Study Results - NasdaqBUZZ-Amgen Inc: Data on cholesterol drug gives investors heartburn - Times of India'
p1
aS'As Amgen Goes, So Goes Medicines Company Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 If Amgen  had a bad day on Friday with the release of long-awaited outcomes data for its cholesterol drug Repatha, then consider the Medicines Company .'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Amgen Inc reports four-year follow-up results from Repatha Osler-1 study Reuters - Mar 14, 2017 BRIEF-Amgen Inc reports four-year follow-up results from Repatha Osler-1 study. March 14 Amgen Inc. * Amgen Inc - four-year follow-up results from Repatha  Osler-1 study. * Amgen Inc - Repatha, when added to standard of care ,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Amgen's Fundamentals Justify A Valuation Of $200 Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 Anyone eyeing the current gap in Amgen  as a buying opportunity should stop treating AMGN like a special snowflake in the dividend world and look at the actual numbers."
p4
aS"Does Amgen Offer a Great Value Buying Opportunity Right Now? Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p5
aS"Amgen Inc. Posted losses of -1.41% in the Last Trade Free Observer - 15 hours ago If you look at the company's income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, AMGN earned gross profit of 15.64 Billion, in 2015 17.44 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Amgen Inc ...Analyst's Report Recap: Amgen, Inc.  - Post RegistrarThe Amgen, Inc.  Upgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. - Petro Global News 24"
p6
aS'BRIEF-Amgen inc says to present new kyprolis and xgeva data Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 BRIEF-Amgen inc says to present new kyprolis and xgeva data. March 2 Amgen Inc. * Amgen inc says to present new Kyprolis and Xgeva data.'
p7
aS"Amgen Inc.  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Amgen Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS"BMO's Meeting With Amgen, Inc.'s  Management Smrt Stck Nws - 13 hours ago BMO Capital Market's meeting with Amgen, Inc.'s  Sean Harper and David Meline made it abundantly clear that management believes FOURIER is ground breaking as it established a lower LDL-C goal without concomitant increase in AEs.American College Of Cardiology: No Repatha Of Glory - Seeking AlphaAmgen's Cholesterol Drug Performs Well in Study But Still Does Not Meet ... - TechNewsObserver"
p9
aS"Amgen, Inc.  Blockbuster Pipeline Makes It One of the Best Stocks ... Library For Smart Investors - Mar 16, 2017 Amgen, Inc.  recently announced positive results from a late-stage clinical trial of its cholesterol drug .Why Amgen  Stock Rallied After Q4 Earnings Release? - NasdaqWhat are Analyst's Indicators for Amgen Inc. , Dominion Resources, Inc.  - The USA Commerce"
p10
a.