(lp0
S'American Midstream Partners Announces Upsizing of Revolving Credit Facility to ... BOE Report  - Mar 20, 2017 HOUSTONAmerican Midstream Partners, LP   announced today that it has amended and upsized its secured revolving credit facility  from $750 million&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Involving ... Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 NEW YORK----Levi &amp; Korsinsky announces it has commenced an investigation of American Midstream Partners, LP  concerning possible violations of federal securities laws. On March 17, 2017, American Midstream&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'American Midstream Partners Announces Successful Completion of Merger with JP ... BOE Report  - Mar 8, 2017 HOUSTONAmerican Midstream Partners, LP   and JP Energy Partners LP   today announced the successful completion of the previously announced&nbsp;...American Midstream Appoints Casadaban as Senior Vice President and Chief ... - Yahoo FinanceNew-to-Houston energy co. names new COO - Houston Business Journal'
p3
aS'Guess Who Picked Up American Midstream Partners Lp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 13, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , American Midstream Partners Lp  reported that Magnolia Infrastructure Holdings, Llc.American Midstream Partners LP  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS'Rapidly Growing American Midstream Partners LP Is Under Construction Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 American Midstream  has been steadily acquiring assets over the last few years. Rapid growth has its own risks. First the ability to control costs requires far more effort during rapid growth periods and there is the possibility that the ...Noble Midstream Partners Names Martin Salinas, Jr. and Hallie Vanderhider to ... - BOE Report Energy Transfer Partners Closes on Previously Announced Acquisition of Certain ... - Business Wire '
p5
aS'Two oil pipeline companies are combining in a $2 billion deal Business Insider - Oct 24, 2016 American Midstream Partners LP said it would buy JP Energy Partners LP in an all-stock deal, creating a $2 billion midstream master limited partnership.'
p6
aS'MLP Bottom Fishing 6: American Midstream Partners LP Seeking Alpha - Apr 18, 2016 American Midstream Partners LP  is another beaten down Master Limited Partnership . AMID closed Friday at $7.33 and currently pays an annual distribution of $1.89 for a distribution yield of 25.8%.'
p7
aS'American Midstream Says Ajax Breached $44M Gas Agreement Law360  - Jun 14, 2016 Law360, Houston  -- American Midstream Partners LP told a Texas state judge Monday that a producer violated their 10-year agreement related to gas produced in a West Texas field and now is trying to enter an agreement with&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'American Midstream Partners LP  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks ... Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago American Midstream Partners logo American Midstream Partners LP  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued on Monday.Investor Investigation of American Midstream Partners LP  over ... - Digital JournalThe American Midstream Partners LP  Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: American Midstream Partners, LP  CML News - 18 hours ago As we look at American Midstream Partners, LP we note that a long put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the long put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding&nbsp;...'
p10
a.