(lp0
S'Amkor Technology Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - 13 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Amkor Technology Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p1
aS"Why Amkor Technology, Inc. Stock Jumped Motley Fool - Nov 1, 2016 Shares of Amkor Technology , a leading provider of semiconductor packaging and test services, jumped as much as 16.5% on Tuesday following the company's third-quarter earnings report. At the time of this writing, the stock is up 10.3%.Amkor Technology's  CEO Steve Kelley on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaAmkor Technology  Stock Soars on Q3 Beat, Guidance - TheStreet.com"
p2
aS'Amkor Technology Inc.  Plunges 5.7% on March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Amkor Technology Inc.  had a rough trading day for Tuesday March 21 as shares tumbled 5.7%, or a loss of $-0.64 per share, to close at $10.59.Why Analysts put forward these two stocks: Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR ... - The USA CommerceAnalyst Recommendations And Earnings Forecast: Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR ... - Post Analyst'
p3
aS'Amkor Technology to Acquire NANIUM Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2017 TEMPE, Ariz. &amp; VILA DO CONDE, Porto, Portugal----Amkor Technology, Inc.  and NANIUM S.A.'
p4
aS"Why Amkor Technology, Inc. Stock Jumped 21% Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 ... chip-packaging and test-services company Amkor Technology  soared as much as 20.9% after the company reported better-than-expected second-quarter revenue and earnings per share, and published better-than-expected guidance.Amkor Technology's  CEO Steve Kelley on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaAmkor Tech reports strong quarter on smartphone demand - Phoenix Business Journal "
p5
aS"Amkor Tech shares drop on revenue miss, outlook MarketWatch - Feb 13, 2017 Amkor Technology Inc. AMKR, +1.28% shares fell in the extended session Monday after the microchip packaging and services company's quarterly revenue and outlook fell below Wall Street estimates.Amkor Technology Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 14 - Equities.com"
p6
aS'Commit To Purchase Amkor Technology At $9, Earn 11.7% Annualized Using Options Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Investors eyeing a purchase of Amkor Technology Inc.  shares, but tentative about paying the going market price of $10.70/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.Amkor Technology, Inc. , Twilio Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of Earnings - The USA CommerceAmkor Technology, Inc. : A Detailed Look at its Institutional Ownership - Post Analyst'
p7
aS'Amkor Technology, Inc.  In Plans To Acquire Nanium Market Exclusive - Feb 8, 2017 Amkor Technology, Inc.  has announced plans to acquire Nanium S.A., a semiconductor packaging solutions firm based in Portugal.Featured Stock to See: Amkor Technology, Inc.  - HugoPressBroadcom - Profitability Margin Analysis Delights Active ... - Street Wise Report  '
p8
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: Amkor Technology, Inc., The News Journal - 11 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for Amkor Technology, Inc. is valued at 2528.79. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a stable and ..."
p9
aS'Amkor Technology, Inc. | $AMKR Stock | Shares Fall On Lower Than Expected ... Warrior Trading News  - Feb 14, 2017 Amkor Technology, Inc. , a leading semiconductor packaging company yesterday reported their fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results.'
p10
a.