(lp0
S"American Shared Hospital Services'  CEO Ernest Bates on Q2 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 10, 2016 Good morning everyone and welcome to the 2016 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for American Shared Hospital Services. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session."
p1
aS'American Shared Hospital Services Shares Wall Street Journal Article Regarding ... Business Wire  - May 18, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO----AMERICAN SHARED HOSPITAL SERVICES , a leading provider of turnkey technology solutions for advanced radiosurgical and radiation therapy services, today shared an article from the May 16,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'American Shared Hospital Services Reports 2016 First Quarter Results Business Wire  - May 10, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO----AMERICAN SHARED HOSPITAL SERVICES , a leading provider of turnkey technology solutions for advanced radiosurgical and radiation therapy services, today announced financial results for the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'American Shared Hospital Services Announces Proposed 2016 CMS Gamma Knife and ... Business Wire  - Jul 27, 2015 SAN FRANCISCO----AMERICAN SHARED HOSPITAL SERVICES , a leading provider of turnkey technology solutions for advanced radiosurgical and radiation therapy services, announced today that the Centers for&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'American Shared Hospital Services Announces Final 2015 CMS Gamma Knife and ... Business Wire  - Nov 3, 2014 SAN FRANCISCO----AMERICAN SHARED HOSPITAL SERVICES , a leading provider of turnkey technology solutions for advanced radiosurgical and radiation therapy services, announced today that the Centers for&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'In Memoriam: Mark Smoyer, Shared Hospital Services American Laundry News - Aug 4, 2014 TOPEKA, Kan. - Mark Ralph Smoyer, president of Shared Hospital Services, Portsmouth, Va., died July 27 at his home in Virginia Beach, Va.'
p6
aS'Advanced Medical Solutions Group  Got Lower Numis Securities Rating ... HuronReport - Mar 14, 2017 Analysts await American Shared Hospital Services  to report earnings on April, 4. Among 6 analysts covering Advanced Medical Solutions Group PLC , 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 4 Hold.'
p7
aS'Gamma Knife Market Trends, Business Strategies and Opportunities 2024 Digital Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Patients with serious diseases can be treated with the help of this technology which is a noninvasive procedure and get cured in a few days with no long hospital stay, returning to normal life and activity promptly. Typically, gamma knife treatment is ...'
p8
aS'Medical Laboratory Services Market Driving Factors, Industry Analysis ... Satellite PR News  - Feb 7, 2017 The Medical Laboratory Services Market report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional and country breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies for this market.'
p9
aS"Accident and emergency The Economist - Sep 8, 2016 Public health, hospitals, general practitioners  and mental-health services all have separate funding and incentives. Social care, which includes old-folks' homes and the like, is run ..."
p10
a.