(lp0
S'Amazon: Loss Prevention Seeking Alpha - 19 hours ago One of the challenges in bricks &amp; mortar retail is loss prevention, but Amazon is facing additional challenges with its checkout-free Amazon Go concept stores.'
p1
aS'How Amazon.com, Inc.  Plans to Purge Counterfeits Investorplace.com - 10 hours ago Amazon.com, Inc.  has announced that it is rolling out an initiative that will shut down counterfeit products from third-party retailers.Amazon to expand counterfeit removal program in overture to sellers - ReutersAmazon.com, Inc. Steps Up Its Fight Against Bootleg Products - StockNews.com '
p2
aS"Why the Next Frontier for Amazon.com, Inc.  Stock Could Be Finance Investorplace.com - 18 hours ago People are always on the lookout for the next industry Amazon.com, Inc.  has in its crosshairs, and some think finance might be next.Amazon Deserves A Spot In Everyone's Portfolio - Seeking AlphaThe Amazon.com, Inc.  Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS"Tesla Inc  Still Carries Considerable Risk, Amazon.com, Inc.'s (AMZN ... Smarter Analyst - 10 hours ago Two Colins from the Street are offering financial savvy from divergent perspectives with regards to Tesla Inc  and Amazon.com, Inc. . While one analyst recognizes exciting sparks of potential with Tesla's evolving business&nbsp;...Amazon.com agrees in principle to buy Middle East's Souq.com -sources - Reuters UK"
p4
aS'AMZN Stock: A $10 Billion Revenue Opportunity For Amazon.com Inc Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 As we have said earlier, these engines of growth are likely to continue their performance going forward making AMZN stock a good buy.'
p5
aS"Earn Prime Profits from Amazon.com, Inc.  Stock Investorplace.com - 14 hours ago I have never seen a scarier competitor than Amazon.com, Inc. . Under the leadership of founder Jeff Bezos, AMZN devastated many an industry and it's not done yet.Taking a Fresh Look at Amazon.com, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalAmazon.com, Inc. closed with a change of -1.61% in the Previous Trading Session - Free Observer"
p6
aS'Amazon.com, Inc.  Launches One-Hour Delivery in Milwaukee Market Exclusive - 16 hours ago Amazon.com, Inc.  has introduced an ultra-fast delivery service in Milwaukee for Prime members. Story continues below.Siri and Alexa Are Fighting to Be Your Hotel Butler - Bloomberg'
p7
aS'Why Alibaba Group Holding Ltd  Stock Trumps Amazon.com, Inc.  Investorplace.com - 16 hours ago Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd  and its American counterpart Amazon.com, Inc.  have three of the same top growth engines: the cloud, e-commerce and India.'
p8
aS"Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Microsoft Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 They're Amazon.com  and Microsoft . And they're vastly different companies in terms of their core operational focuses, their recent histories, and their cultures."
p9
aS'Amazon.com, Inc.  Obtains New Amazon Drone Patents Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 The two new drone patents were originally filed by Amazon.com, Inc. back in 2015. However, they were only granted to the company by the United States Patent and Trademark Office on Tuesday.Amazon floats new drone designs - Seeking AlphaAmazon.com, Inc.  Gets Patents For Drone Delivery Idea - Stock Market Daily'
p10
a.