(lp0
S"Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Announces that Chris Smith has Joined ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 14, 2016 MILWAUKEE, Oct. 14, 2016  -- Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  announced today that Chris Smith will join the firm in late October as founding portfolio manager of the firm's eighth autonomous investment team."
p1
aS"Artisan Partners Global Value Team Nominated for Morningstar's International ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 13, 2017 13, 2017  -- Artisan Partners is pleased to announce portfolio managers David Samra and Dan O'Keefe of the firm's Global Value team have been nominated for Morningstar, Inc.'s International-Stock Fund Manager of the Year award in the U ..."
p2
aS'Relative Strength Alert For Artisan Partners Asset Management Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 But making Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of APAM entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $26.80 per share.Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Reports February 2017 Assets Under ... - EconoTimesArtisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Class A  Moves Lower on Volume ... - Equities.com'
p3
aS'Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Class A  Moves Lower on Volume ... Equities.com - Feb 27, 2017 Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Class A  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 27, as the stock lost 0.34% to close at $29.00.The Denver Investment Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in Artisan Partners Asset ... - DailyQuint'
p4
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Simon Property Group, Artisan Partners Asset Management ... Nasdaq - Feb 8, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/10/17, Simon Property Group, Inc. , Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc , and FirstCash Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their ...Revenue Update on Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc - Morning Outlook'
p5
aS"Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc  Given Average Rating of Hold by ... Sports Perspectives - 19 hours ago Artisan Partners Asset Management logo Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc  have been given an average recommendation of Hold by the nine ratings firms that are presently covering the firm.Analyst Stock Recommendations For H&amp;R Block, Inc. , Artisan Partners ... - TWNInsider Trade: Exelixis, Inc. 's director Carl Feldbaum Unloaded 10000 ... - HuronReport"
p6
aS'Artisan Partners: Down, But Not Out Seeking Alpha - Oct 13, 2016 While many asset managers have turned towards offering passive products  or have begun to offer fixed-income strategies , Artisan Partners has stayed true to ...'
p7
aS"Artisan Partners Asset Management's  CEO Eric Colson on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Artisan Partners is a high value-added investment management firm designed for investment talent to thrive in a thoughtful growth environment.Artisan assets down 3% for quarter, year - Pensions & Investments"
p8
aS'Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 1, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. is an investment management firm focused on providing investment strategies to clients around the global.In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Artisan Partners Asset ... - The De Soto Edge'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: The Carlyle Group LP  is Beating Artisan Partners ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc  versus The Carlyle Group LP  .Price-to-Earnings Ratio Evolution: Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc ... - The Finance Registrar'
p10
a.