(lp0
S'Option Market Alert: American Public Education Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that American Public Education Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: American Public Education Inc  versus Bridgepoint ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for American Public Education Inc  versus Bridgepoint Education Inc  .Consensus Notes on American Public Education, Inc.  - Rockville Register'
p2
aS'American Public Education posts 4Q profit Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 CHARLES TOWN, W.Va.  _ American Public Education Inc.  on Tuesday reported fourth-quarter earnings of $6.9 million.American Public Education, Inc.  earnings reaction history in focus - Post AnalystAmerican Public  Misses Q4 Earnings, Enrollment Down - Zacks.com'
p3
aS"Is American Public Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About ... Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 The direct benefit for American Public Education Inc , which sports a zero-debt capital structure, to include debt in its capital structure is the reduced cost of capital.Equities Analysts Set Expectations for American Public Education, Inc.'s Q1 ... - Chaffey BreezeFirst Analysis Comments on American Public Education, Inc.'s Q1 2017 Earnings ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS'American Public Education : Moving Average Crossover Alert March 13, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 13, 2017 American Public Education, Inc.  could be a stock to avoid from a technical perspective, as the firm is seeing unfavorable trends on the moving average crossover front.American Public Education, Inc.  Stake Raised by Thrivent Financial for ... - Chaffey BreezeThe American Public Education, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS'American Public Education Inc  Moves 5.41% For the Week Business Review - Mar 21, 2017 Pushing higher over the last five sessions are shares of American Public Education Inc . The stock has risen 5.41% over that span, yielding profits for savvy traders.'
p6
aS"Option Market: American Public Education Inc Risk Hits A Weakened Level CML News - Mar 3, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for American Public Education ..."
p7
aS'American Public Education Inc Stock Volatility Hits A Depressed Level CML News - Feb 26, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for American Public Education Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility ...American Public Education, Inc.   Brokers Update Their Views - NewsDen'
p8
aS'Zacks Investment Research Downgrades American Public Education, Inc.  to ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 6, 2017 American Public Education, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday.American Public Education, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'The American Public Education, Inc.  Stake Raised by Thrivent Financial ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in shares of American Public Education, Inc.  by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p10
a.