(lp0
S'Investor Consortium Completes Acquisition of Apollo Education Group, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 1, 2017 Apollo Education Group, Inc. today announced the completion of its acquisition by a consortium of investors including The Vistria Group, LLC and funds affiliated with Apollo Global Management, LLC.Apollo Education Group  Stock Halted: Follow The Story With Us! - CNA Finance '
p1
aS"University of Phoenix parent Apollo Education starts new chapter as private firm AZCentral.com - Feb 6, 2017 1 around $10 a share, the price paid to shareholders as a result of the company's $1.1 billion acquisition by an investor consortium headed by the Vistria Group and Apollo Global Management, an unrelated company. Apollo Education's shareholders&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Why Apollo Education Group Inc. Jumped Today Motley Fool - May 2, 2016 What: Shares of Apollo Education Group  jumped on Monday following news that Apollo Global Management  had increased its bid for the company. At 3 p.m. ET, shares of Apollo Education were up about 11%, while shares of&nbsp;...Apollo Education Merger Likely To Be Shelved Even With Increased Offer - Seeking AlphaApollo Global Management Boosts Bid for Apollo Education Takeover - Wall Street Journal'
p3
aS'University of Phoenix Parent Apollo Education to Be Taken Private Wall Street Journal - Feb 8, 2016 Private-equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC agreed Monday to buy Apollo Education Group Inc. for about $1.1 billion, betting there is still a future for the beleaguered for-profit college industry despite years of regulatory scrutiny and ...Apollo Education Group, Inc. to Be Taken Private in $1.1 Billion Transaction - Business Wire Why Shares of Apollo Education Group Inc. Jumped Today - Motley Fool'
p4
aS"Multiple Ways To Win A Bet On Apollo Education Group Seeking Alpha - Apr 20, 2016 Apollo Education Group, Inc.  is one of the world's largest private education providers, serving students since 1973."
p5
aS'Apollo Education Group Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement to be Acquired by ... Yahoo Finance UK - May 6, 2016 Apollo Education Group, Inc.  today announced that its shareholders have approved the merger agreement for the proposed acquisition by a consortium of investors, including The Vistria Group, LLC, funds affiliated with Apollo Global Management,&nbsp;...Apollo Education Shareholders Approve $1.14 Billion Buyout - Wall Street JournalApollo Education Holders Approve Bid From Apollo Global - Bloomberg'
p6
aS'About: Apollo Education  Seeking Alpha - May 22, 2016 I admit, I had a fun run with Apollo Education Group . I spent most of last year ... Then I took a long position, mostly as a trade, in January after the Wall Street Journal reported the company was in talks to sell itself to Apollo Global ...Students may get easier path to sue University of Phoenix - Phoenix Business Journal '
p7
aS'Apollo Education Group: Privatization Offer Too Low Seeking Alpha - Feb 26, 2016 Apollo Education Group  is a for profit university which operates in the US and internationally. The US business is conducted via the University of Phoenix and the international business via Apollo Global.'
p8
aS'Apollo Education Group Inc  Privatization Deal Runs Into Hurdles Market Exclusive - Dec 9, 2016 The buyout deal Apollo Education Group Inc  inked with a group of investors led by Apollo Global Management LLC  has run into obstacles.US Dept of Education conditions may threaten Apollo Education takeover - ReutersDepartment of Education Requires Letter of Credit for Apollo Education ... - Wall Street Journal'
p9
aS'Why Apollo Education Group Shareholders Should Accept The Buyout Seeking Alpha - Mar 25, 2016 Apollo Education Group  announced on February 8th that it had entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired for $1.1 billion.'
p10
a.