(lp0
S'Apricus Biosciences, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Apricus Biosciences, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company, which develops pharmaceutical products. The Company primarily focuses on the development and commercialization of products and product candidates in the areas of urology and rheumatology.Apricus Biosciences Inc  Releases Corporate Update - StockNewsUnion'
p1
aS'Company Watch: Viewing Levels for Apricus Biosciences Inc  Rives Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Tracking stock levels, Apricus Biosciences Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -92.2. Even though the name contains the word commodity, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks.'
p2
aS"Apricus Biosciences Inc  Looks Cheap, Even With Recent Gains Insider Financial - Jan 20, 2017 Throughout the majority of the final month last year, Apricus Biosciences Inc  struggled to get above the $1.50 mark.Company Update : Apricus Biosciences Inc's Regulatory Win Sent ... - Smarter AnalystApricus Biosciences Inc  Stock Scores Win on Vitaros Approval - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"Thursday's Market Insights: Apricus Biosciences Inc , VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 9, 2017 Apricus Biosciences Inc  shares are rising by 3% in Thursday's trading on the news that Apricus has completed the sale to Ferring International of its topical cream Vitaros.3 Stocks to Watch on Thursday: Snap Inc. , Apricus Biosciences Inc (APRI ... - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS"Apricus Biosciences'  CEO Rich Pascoe on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Apricus Biosciences Inc. Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded."
p5
aS'Analyst Recommendations on These Stocks: Geron Corporation (NASDAQ:GERN ... Rives Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Geron Corporation . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.30.'
p6
aS"Wednesday's Market Insights: CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc , Apricus ... Smarter Analyst - Jan 18, 2017 Apricus Biosciences Inc  shares skyrocketed over 140% this morning after Mexico granted Apricus` commercialization partner, Ferring Pharmaceuticals, market approval for Vitaros, an on-demand topical cream for erectile dysfunction."
p7
aS'Reverse Stock Split: Apricus Bio Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 Apricus Bio completed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split on 24 October. Reverse stock splits are normally a sign of blood in the water.'
p8
aS"Apricus Biosciences Announces Completion of Transfer of the United Kingdom ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 15, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Aug. 15, 2016  -- Apricus Biosciences, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company advancing innovative medicines in urology and rheumatology, today announced that Ferring Pharmaceuticals, the Company's new&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Apricus Biosciences Announces the Launch of Vitaros in the Czech Republic and ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 21, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Sept. 21, 2016  -- Apricus Biosciences, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company advancing innovative medicines in urology and rheumatology, today announced the launch of Vitaros, Apricus' novel on-demand&nbsp;..."
p10
a.