(lp0
S'The best-performing investment trusts of Q3 FE Trustnet - Oct 1, 2015 ... Crystal Amber &middot; Tritax Big Box Reit PLC Ord 1P &middot; Chelverton Small Companies Dividend Trust plc &middot; Vinaland &middot; Target Healthcare REIT Limited Ord NPV &middot; JP Morgan Mid Cap IT plc &middot; AXA Property Trust Limited Ord NPV &middot; North Atlantic Smaller Companies IT&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"The investment trusts I've been buying and selling Interactive Investor - Jan 27, 2017 Like many investors, I used the opportunity of some lazy days over the festive break to take a close look at my SIPP and ISA portfolios."
p2
aS"Anthony Cross: 'Five shares I hope to own forever' Telegraph.co.uk - Apr 27, 2015 Funds that invest across the full spectrum of the UK stock market and consistently manage to gain an edge include the JO Hambro UK Dynamic fund and the AXA Framlington UK Select Opportunities fund. Mr Hollands said these two funds were worth&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Time to bin your with-profits policy? Telegraph.co.uk - Aug 17, 2009 There are 35 insurers running with-profits funds, and most of the larger companies will run more than one fund. Each fund will be invested in different assets - some will be invested solely in gilts and cash, while others will have substantial exposure ...'
p4
aS'Values-based Investing Interactive Investor - Oct 8, 2014 Values Based Investing  is an investment philosophy that considers criteria based on Environmental, Social and Governance  values, alongside financial returns, when selecting an investment opportunity.'
p5
aS'Aviva agrees 5.6bn deal to buy rival blue-chip life insurer Friends Life This is Money - Nov 21, 2014 Aviva last night agreed to buy rival blue-chip life insurer Friends Life for 5.6billion. The proposed deal would see the FTSE 100 insurer pay 398.9p a share for Friends - a 15 per cent premium to its 347.7p closing price on Friday.'
p6
aS"Will the private interests of peers swell the vote for England's health bill? Open Democracy - Mar 19, 2012 Teijin Home Healthcare Limited supply products to the NHS and Teijin Pharma Ltd provides pharmaceuticals to the NHS."
p7
a.