(lp0
S"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 We are extremely proud of ARI's financial performance in 2016, a year in which the Company committed to and funded approximately $1.4 billion of commercial real estate loans and grew its equity market capitalization to over $2.0 billion, said Stuart&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces the Appointment of Jai ... Business Wire  - May 23, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.  , today announced the Board of Directors appointed Jai Agarwal to the positions of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'The Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc  Given Average Rating of ... Petro Global News 24 - 3 hours ago Shares of Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc  have received a consensus recommendation of Hold from the eight analysts that are covering the stock.Analyst Opinion Summary: Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. (NYSE:ARI ... - TWN'
p3
aS"Breaking My 'A-Team' Into Pieces - Part V - Apollo Commercial Real Estate ... Seeking Alpha - May 19, 2016 This is the fifth out of ten parts in this series, featuring Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Each article in this series includes a comprehensive review of the featured company: Background, profile and activities, current trends, main ..."
p4
aS'Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. Receives Stockholder Approval to Be Acquired ... Business Wire  - Aug 24, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the common stockholders of AMTG approved the proposed acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces Purchase Price ... Business Wire  - Jul 26, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the aggregate consideration to be paid in connection with the acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces 2017 Annual Meeting of ... Business Wire  - Feb 27, 2017 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   today announced the Board of Directors set March 15, 2017 as the record date for the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance's  CEO Stuart Rothstein on Q4 2016 ... - Seeking AlphaAnalyst Activity  Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods Reiterates Hold on Apollo ... - Market Exclusive"
p7
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.'s  stock price is now at $18 ... Hot Stocks Point - 17 hours ago Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. , a part of Financial sector and belongs to REIT - Diversified industry; ended its day with gain 0.11% and finalized at the price of $18.37."
p8
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance - Double Hedge Against Rate Hikes - 11.3 ... Seeking Alpha - Sep 6, 2016 A new U.S. Interest Rate hike seems to be imminent. Making the right investment decisions can help boost your portfolio's profitability."
p9
aS"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces 2016 Dividend Income Tax ... Business Wire  - Jan 27, 2017 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   today announced the estimated federal income tax treatment of the Company's 2016 distributions on its common stock &nbsp;..."
p10
a.