(lp0
S"Stock Showing Surging Activity: ARRIS International plc  HugoPress - 18 hours ago Goldman Sachs Upgrades ARRIS International plc 's stock to Buy with the price target of $32. This rating was issued on 3/14/17.Fast Growing Stock in Focus: ARRIS International plc  - Aiken AdvocateAnalytical Guide for Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. , ARRIS International plc ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'ARRIS International plc Profit Climbs 64% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 22, 2017  - ARRIS International plc  revealed earnings for its fourth quarter that climbed from last year. The company said its bottom line came in at $152.91 million, or $0.79 per share.'
p2
aS"What Does The Chart For ARRIS International plc  Tell Us Presently? NY Stock News - 15 hours ago ARRIS International plc  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p3
aS'Why ARRIS International plc Fell 15% Today Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Shares of communications networking equipment maker ARRIS International  fell as much as 15.3% Thursday morning, following the release of preliminary fourth-quarter results and an acquisition announcement involving two divisions from&nbsp;...ARRIS International Plc  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaARRIS International plc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 24 - Equities.com'
p4
aS"Arris International Plc: Goldman upgrades to 'buy' Times of India - Mar 14, 2017 &quot;As Arris' revenue shifts towards N&amp;C  and away from in-home CPE  ... we expect upward estimate revisions and multiple expansion.&quot; - Goldman analysts. ** Analysts add that N&amp;C segment is poised for&nbsp;...Analyst Upgrades  ARRIS International plc  Stock Gets Upgraded ... - Market ExclusiveHot Stock Overview: ARRIS International plc  - HugoPress"
p5
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: ARRIS International plc, The News Journal - 12 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for ARRIS International plc is valued at 4928.86. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a stable and ..."
p6
aS"ARRIS to Acquire Ruckus Wireless and ICX Switch Business for $800 Million in Cash PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2017 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ARRIS International plc,  and Broadcom Limited  today jointly announced that they have entered into an agreement for ARRIS to acquire Brocade Communication Systems Inc.'s Ruckus Wireless&nbsp;...Arris nears deal to acquire Brocade's networking business -sources - Reuters"
p7
aS'ARRIS INTERNATIONAL PLC  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Feb 23, 2017 ARRIS International plc focuses on entertainment and communications technology. The Company operates in two segments: Customer Premises Equipment , and Network &amp; Cloud .'
p8
aS'ARRIS International plc  Stock Will Show Resistance At $26.27 USA Commerce Daily - 20 hours ago With all other things going on, ARRIS International plc  has been on a free fall - declining -15.17 percent in just three months.'
p9
aS"Traders Secrets on Discovery Communications, Inc. , ARRIS International ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 20, 2017 ARRIS International plc , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 0.19, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Stock Price of ARRIS International plc  Increases 2.4% - Highland MirrorARRIS International plc  Lifted to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc - BNB Daily "
p10
a.