(lp0
S'Company Watch for Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Rives Journal - 16 hours ago Looking at shares of Arrow Electronics, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 9288850. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.4600 Shares in Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Acquired by Numeric Investors LLC - BNB Daily An Inside Look at Trading Hot Stocks: MEDNAX, Inc. , Arrow Electronics ... - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'Arrow Electronics  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 As a reminder, you can access our earnings release at investor.arrow.com, along with the CFO commentary, the non-GAAP earnings reconciliation, and a webcast of this call.Arrow Electronics Reports Fourth-Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results - Business Wire '
p2
aS"BRIEF-Arrow Electronics Inc Q4 earnings per share $2.00 excluding items Reuters - Feb 7, 2017 March 10 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 22.3 points on Friday, according to financial bookmakers. * ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND: A judge on Thursday ordered legal representatives of thousands of shareholders suing Royal Bank of Scotland&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Arrow Electronics: Finding Value In Technology Seeking Alpha - Jan 18, 2017 Competitor Avnet selling its Technology Solutions business to Tech Data presents an opportunity for Arrow Electronics. Strong book to bill in Q3 points towards a big Q4; sell-side is basing its estimates on what looks to be overly low company guidance.'
p4
aS"Arrow Electronics  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arrow Electronics, Inc. Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Steven O'Brien.Arrow Electronics Could Benefit From Pound Surge - Wall Street Journal Arrow Electronics Reports Third-Quarter 2016 Results - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Arrow Electronics Inc Implied Price Swing ... CML News - 17 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Arrow Electronics Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p6
aS'CUI signs global distribution deal with Arrow Electronics Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Jan 18, 2017 CUI Global, Inc. said its wholly-owned subsidiary, CUI Inc.  has signed a worldwide distribution agreement with Arrow Electronics, Inc., a global provider of products, services and solutions to industrial and commercial users of electronic ...'
p7
aS'Arrow Electronics to Present at the Raymond James Institutional Investors ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Arrow Electronics, Inc.  announced that Chris Stansbury, senior vice president and chief financial officer, will present at the Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional Investors Conference to be held at the JW Marriot Grande Lakes in Orlando, Fla ...Arrow Electronics Named a Strategic Global Distributor for New Dell EMC ... - Business Wire Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Position Boosted by Comerica Bank - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Arrow Electronics Inc  is Beating Avnet Inc  CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Arrow Electronics Inc  versus Avnet Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Research Reports Initiation on Services Stocks -- Best Buy, GameStop, Avnet ... - PR Newswire '
p9
aS'Arrow Electronics and Vodafone Join Forces to Offer Market-Leading Technology ... Business Wire  - Dec 6, 2016 CENTENNIAL, Colo.----Arrow Electronics, Inc.  today announced a new agreement with Vodafone, a global market leader for cellular network services and managed internet of things  connectivity.'
p10
a.