(lp0
S'Ascent Solar Technologies Inc  Secures New Funding Insider Financial - Mar 7, 2017 Just when everyone had given up on the once heralded Ascent Solar Technologies Inc., the company is beginning to show signs of life.'
p1
aS'News Ascent Solar Technologies Inc.ASTI Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Ascent Solar Technologies Inc.ASTI. Significant News Only. 02/27/17; Press Release. Ascent Solar Signs Major Agreement with Hong Kong Based Consumer Goods Supplier.'
p2
aS'ASCENT SOLAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 The Company is producing consumer oriented products focusing on charging devices powered by its solar modules. It manufactures its products by affixing a thin CIGS layer to a flexible, plastic substrate using a roll-to-roll process.'
p3
aS"Year in Review: Ascent Solar Technologies  Investopedia - Jan 3, 2017 The stock began the year trading at $2.90 per share and finished trading Dec. 30 at $0.0029. Before the year began, Endeavor Analytics warned that investors should avoid the stock due to the company's continued dilution of its stock. In the previous ...Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc.  Set For An Impressive Year With ... - Journal Transcript"
p4
aS'Ascent Solar Technologies Inc  Climbing Up The Charts Insider Financial - Jan 24, 2017 Ascent Solar Technologies Inc  has been climbing up the charts ever since we issued a recommendation to our subscribers on January 13 when the stock was trading at just $.0016 a share.'
p5
aS'Ascent Solar Technologies - A Fallen Stock That Is Unlikely To Turn Around Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2016 Ascent Solar Technologies  is engaged in providing solar and power solutions for consumer electronics, using CIGS PV technology. Since the company deals in a very niche product category and needs time to establish itself as a successful&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Betting On An Ascent Solar Technologies Inc  Turnaround Insider Financial - Dec 12, 2016 Ascent Solar Technologies Inc  has been one of the most disappointing investments for OTC traders this year. Shares have been on a downtrend all year on the back of endless dilution.'
p7
aS'Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc.  Obtains New Funding From An ... Journal Transcript - Feb 15, 2017 Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc.  manufacturer and developer of state-of-the-art, flexible thin-film PV and lightweight solutions, reported that it has finalized a Securities Purchase Agreement with Hong Kong Boone Group Limited on ...'
p8
aS'Ascent Solar CEO Increases Equity Stake to Over 20%, Demonstrating Commitment ... Marketwired  - Jan 20, 2017 THORNTON, CO-- - Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. , a developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art, lightweight, and flexible thin-film photovoltaic  solutions, announces that the Company has entered into ...CEO buys more shares in his Colorado solar-powered charger company - Denver Business Journal'
p9
aS'What Happened to Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc.  MicroCap Daily - Jun 25, 2016 Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc.  continues to trade just over $0.055 all-time lows since affecting a 1 for 20 reverse stock split on June 2. The ticker symbol has been changed to ASTID to reflect the split and will be changed back to ...'
p10
a.