(lp0
S'Traders are Following Technical Levels for Atlanticus Holdings Corp  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Technical analysts may be interested in how Atlanticus Holdings Corp  is trading in relation to some moving averages.'
p1
aS'Atlanticus Announces &quot;Modified Dutch Auction&quot; Tender Offer to Purchase up to ... Marketwired  - Jun 23, 2014 ATLANTA, GA-- - Atlanticus Holdings Corporation   today announced that it has commenced a &quot;Modified Dutch Auction&quot; cash tender offer  for up to $100.0 million aggregate&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Is Something Brewing With CompuCredit? Seeking Alpha - Oct 25, 2010 That company is CompuCredit Holdings , an Atlanta-based company that provides financial services to those less-than-prime customers that have been abandoned by the big banks.'
p3
aS"Downside Potential: Atlanticus Holdings Corporation's  stock price is ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 11, 2017 Atlanticus Holdings Corporation  ended its day with loss -8.68% and finalized at the price of $2.42. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.03 million shares."
p4
aS'Form 8-K Atlanticus Holdings Corp For: Nov 26 StreetInsider.com  - Dec 2, 2014 On November 26, 2014, Atlanticus Holdings Corporation  and certain of its subsidiaries  entered into a Loan and Security Agreement  with Dove Ventures, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Trading Radar: Zooming in on Shares of Atlanticus Holdings Corp  Rives Journal - Jan 27, 2017 Tracking stock levels, Atlanticus Holdings Corp  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -78.17. Even though the name contains the word commodity, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks.'
p6
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Atlanticus Holdings Corporation  CML News - Mar 7, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Atlanticus Holdings Corporation and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p7
aS'Trading Covered Calls: Atlanticus Holdings Corporation  : Covered ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 As we look at Atlanticus Holdings Corporation we note that a covered call is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the covered call often times lacks the necessary rigor especially&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Top Decliner Inside Radar: Atlanticus Holdings Corporation's  stock ... WsNews 4investors - Mar 13, 2017 Atlanticus Holdings Corporation  stock price tumbled -8.68% to finalize at $2.42 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p9
aS"Marching to the Beat of Their Own Drum, Update on Atlanticus Holdings Corporation Morgan Research - 14 hours ago Are shares of Atlanticus Holdings Corporation  ready to make a move? Increased volatility and interest from bargain investors have put the stock on a number of investor's watchlists of late."
p10
a.