(lp0
S"Why Investors remained confident on Antares Pharma, Inc. , Canada Goose ... StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Antares Pharma, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at - in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 12 ..."
p1
aS'Antares Pharma Inc. and Nivalis Therapeutics Inc. Show Resiliency as They Snap ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Antares stock has been on a steady rise for the past year. The company develops and manufactures pressure-assisted injector devices that allow patients to self-inject prescription drugs.'
p2
aS'Global Needle-free Injection System Market 2017 Antares Pharma, Inc. (US ... Medgadget  - 1 hour ago Global Needle-free Injection System Market Key Vendors are Antares Pharma, Inc. , PenJet Corporation , Valeritas, Inc. (U.'
p3
aS'Antares Pharma: Realistic Expectations Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 This article represents an extension to an SA article published December 30, titled &quot;Antares Pharma: Drug Delivery to Multiple Fronts of Profitability&quot;.'
p4
aS'Janus Capital Management LLC Has $434000 Stake in Antares Pharma Inc  BNB Daily  - 19 hours ago Antares Pharma logo Janus Capital Management LLC decreased its position in Antares Pharma Inc  by 44.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.BROADFIN CAPITAL, LLC is the biggest holder of Antares Pharma, Inc.  - Post AnalystBeta Analysis: Antares Pharma Inc.  - The Oracle Examiner'
p5
aS'Antares Pharma: Drug Delivery To Multiple Fronts Of Profitability Seeking Alpha - Dec 30, 2016 Over the last several years, investors in Antares Pharma  have experienced multiple disappointments which prompted many shareholders to exit the shares while remaining holders became increasingly impatient, illustrated in the chart below&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Antares Pharma reports 4Q loss Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 EWING, N.J.  _ Antares Pharma Inc.  on Tuesday reported a loss of $4.5 million in its fourth quarter. On a per-share basis, the Ewing, New Jersey-based company said it had a loss of 3 cents.Antares Pharma Posts Narrower Loss In Q4 - Quick Facts - Nasdaq'
p7
aS'Does Zero-Debt Really Make Antares Pharma Inc  A Financially Strong Company? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 Any company, including Antares Pharma Inc  with no debt in its capital structure, would maximize capital returns by having an optimal capital structure, which includes debt.ANTARES PHARMA, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p8
aS'Antares Pharma, Inc.  Stock ABR At 1 Stock Observer - 12 hours ago After closing a study on Antares Pharma, Inc. , the advisors gave it stock target of $3.375. This estimation is outcome of Zacks survey, which contained 4 experts.'
p9
aS'Antares Pharma Announces FDA Acceptance of New Drug Application for Quickshot ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 EWING, N.J., Feb. 27, 2017  -- Antares Pharma, Inc.  today announced that the New Drug Application  for QuickShot Testosterone , a drug-device combination product for the delivery of testosterone enanthate using a&nbsp;...Antares Pharma  Announces FDA Acceptance of NDA for Quickshot Testosterone - StreetInsider.com'
p10
a.