(lp0
S'Activision Blizzard: Right In The Range Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 Activision Blizzard managed to achieve a strong growth in revenue that is mainly attributed to the rise in subscription and licensing revenue.Analyst Activity  Macquarie Reiterates Outperform on Activision Blizzard ... - Market ExclusiveActivision Blizzard, Inc. closed with a change of -1.51% in the Previous ... - Free Observer'
p1
aS'Implied Volatility Surging for Activision Blizzard  Stock Options Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for Activision Blizzard shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company?'
p2
aS"Why Shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc. Jumped 12% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc.  had another great month in February, rising 12.2%, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after reporting strong earnings to end 2016.Long Activision! - Seeking AlphaActivision Blizzard Recognized on Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For ... - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"Activision Blizzard, Inc.'s Overwatch Is Killing It Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Activision Blizzard has pounced quickly on the momentum of the game with creative ideas for downloadable content, and the big announcement of Overwatch League to capitalize on the growing opportunity in eSports."
p4
aS"3 Important Numbers From Activision Blizzard Inc's Earnings Release Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 Player engagement was very strong in 2016 across Activision publishing, Blizzard, and King. Players spent roughly 43 billion hours either playing or spectating Activision's games, according to the company, and this compares favorably with engagement&nbsp;...One Year Later: Re-Evaluating Activision Blizzard's King Acquisition - Seeking AlphaJob Cuts At Activision Blizzard, Inc.  Despite Record Revenues - FinancialsTrend"
p5
aS"Trading Scope: Checking the Levels for Activision Blizzard Inc  The Standard - 14 hours ago Traders may be interested in various technical levels on shares of Activision Blizzard Inc . After a recent check, Activision Blizzard Inc 's Williams Percent Range or 14 day Williams %R was spotted at -38.44. Levels can range from 0 to -100."
p6
aS'Short Activision? Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Weak top line guidance and sales declines in Call of Duty are ignored in favor of pretty EPS numbers and healthy growth in Overwatch.'
p7
aS"Game Over For Activision Blizzard? Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Both Scott Kessler of CFRA Research and pseudonymous Seeking Alpha contributor &quot;Short Only&quot; raised concerns recently about ATVI's extraordinary run-up year-to-date."
p8
aS'Activision Blizzard Reaches Analyst Target Price Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 In recent trading, shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc.  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $49.13, changing hands for $49.20/share.'
p9
aS"Levels in Review on Shares of Activision Blizzard, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 13 hours ago Market watchers might be keeping an eye on Activision Blizzard, Inc. 's Piotroski F-Score. The F-Score was created to help spot company stocks that have solid fundamentals, and to filter out weaker companies."
p10
a.