(lp0
S"Why Investors remained confident on Constellation Brands, Inc. , Atwood ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 5.12, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  Stock Under The Trend-line Looks for a Reversal - Midway MonitorAverage Brokerage Rating Of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , People's United ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"Atwood Oceanics, Inc Rallies as These Rising Tides Lift All Boats Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Overall, optimism was the primary driver of today's rally in Atwood's stock. Higher oil prices along with bullish comments from an industry peer have investors beginning to think that the worst might be over.Earnings Guidance on Atwood Oceanics, Inc. - Energy IndexTop Institutional Investors That Own Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p2
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Earnings Continue to Feel the Weight of the Oil Market ... Motley Fool - Feb 6, 2017 The deep and prolonged downturn in the offshore drilling sector continues to plague Atwood Oceanics . Revenue from two of its three offshore drilling fleets has nearly dried up, while revenue from its lucrative ultra-deepwater fleet continues ...'
p3
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Earnings Plunge on Charges, Contract Roll-Offs Motley Fool - Nov 14, 2016 The deepening decline of the offshore drilling market finally caught up with Atwood Oceanics  during its fiscal fourth quarter.Atwood Oceanics: Longs And Shorts Prepare For Decisive Battle In 2017 - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Atwood Oceanics Inc Risk Points versus Energy CML News - 11 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Atwood Oceanics Inc  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.'
p5
aS'Better Buy: Seadrill Limited vs. Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 The offshore drilling market has been going through a brutal downturn, which puts tremendous pressure on drilling contractors Seadrill  and Atwood Oceanics . Unfortunately, there are few signs on the horizon that the market will&nbsp;...Unusual Volume Spikes For: Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p6
aS'Trading Focus: Checking ATR Levels for Atwood Oceanics Inc  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Atwood Oceanics Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.51. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in order to&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Atwood Oceanics Inc.  Soars 6.5% on March 15 Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 Atwood Oceanics Inc.  had a good day on the market for Wednesday March 15 as shares jumped 6.5% to close at $9.50. About 3.47 million shares traded hands on 18,573 trades for the day, compared with an average daily volume of 4.43 million&nbsp;...Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  added to 38 new portfolios - Post AnalystHot Stock for Investors: Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p8
aS"Atwood Oceanics, Inc.'s  stock price is now at $8.93 while Analysts mean ... Hot Stocks Point - 15 hours ago Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  stock price ended its day with loss -0.78% and finalized at the price of $8.93. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 2.34 million shares."
p9
aS'Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: AXT, Inc. , Atwood Oceanics, Inc ... The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 While trading at volume below than average, Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  previous 52-week high was $15.37 and moved up 4.12% over the same period, trading at a volume of 3.03 million.'
p10
a.