(lp0
S"Mover inside Traders Limelight: Avid Technology, Inc.  Is stories - 22 hours ago According to FactSet data, AVID stock has received different ratings from Financial Analysts. 3 Months Ago, AVID's stock has been recommended as BUY from 1 and 0 given OVERWEIGHT rating for the company. 2 issued rating as a HOLD.0 said as SELL&nbsp;...One Stock Analysts Are Watching  Avid Technology, Inc.  - UK Market News"
p1
aS"BRIEF-Avid Technology Inc files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 Avid Technology, Inc. is a provider of an open and integrated technology platform, along with applications and services that enable the creation, distribution and monetization of audio and video content.Avid Technology, Inc  Enters Into A Material Definitive Agreement ... - FinancialsTrendAvid Technology Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 20 - Equities.com'
p3
aS'Why Avid Technology, Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Jan 31, 2017 Shares of Avid Technology Inc.  were up 12.1% as of 11:30 a.m. EST on Tuesday after the media platform company expanded its its presence in China through an alliance with longtime channel partner Beijing Jetsen Technology.Avid Expands Its Greater China Strategy with Jetsen Alliance - GlobeNewswire '
p4
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 NEW YORK, March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC is investigating potential claims on behalf of purchasers of the Avid Technology, Inc.  . Such investors are&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Why Avid Technology Shares Plunged Today Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Since the company's explanation for the delay is somewhat vague, it stokes fears that something is wrong with its accounting or internal financial controls, which may or may not be the case.Avid Technology Inc.  Plunges 16.82% on March 16 - Equities.comTrading updates about Stock: Avid Technology, Inc.  - Is stories"
p6
aS'Avid Technology, Inc  At Cross-Roads As Bronstein, Gewirtz ... FinancialsTrend - Mar 20, 2017 Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC once again has some heavy lifting to do. The body is at the moment carrying out investigations on behalf of Avid Technology, Inc.  and according to some inside sources, the company intends to get to the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Crunching the Numbers for Avid Technology Inc  Baxter Review - 14 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Avid Technology Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.28. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge stock volatility.'
p8
aS'AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Avid Technology, Inc. is a provider of an open and integrated technology platform, along with applications and services that enable the creation, distribution and monetization of audio and video content.'
p9
aS"AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 The Company's products are used in production and post-production facilities; film studios; network, affiliate, independent and cable television stations; recording studios; live-sound performance venues; advertising agencies; government and ..."
p10
a.