(lp0
S'Form 4 AVON PRODUCTS INC For: Mar 17 Filed by: McCoy Sherilyn S StreetInsider.com - Mar 14, 2016 Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue. See Instruction 1. 1. Name and Address of Reporting Person *. McCoy Sherilyn S. , , . C/O AVON PRODUCTS, INC.,. 601 MIDLAND AVENUE&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Avon faces an extremely difficult future task of refinancing maturing debt and ... Seeking Alpha - 12 hours ago Recent financial results killed the stock price of Avon Products, Inc. . In mid-2016, investors were encouraged by the company being able to complete some refinancing by paying off notes due in 2018 with new debt due in 2022.Taking a Look at the Data Behind Avon Products, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalAvon Products Inc. performed Poor with a change of -1.59% in the Last Trade - Free Observer'
p2
aS'Why Analysts put forward these two stocks: Avon Products, Inc. , First ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 Presently Avon Products, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 2.33. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.'
p3
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Avon Products Inc Realized Volatility Hits An ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Avon Products Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at an unsually high level.'
p4
aS'Option Market Alert: Avon Products Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Amplified Level CML News - Mar 19, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Avon Products Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p5
aS'Avon Products Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Avon Products Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.'
p6
aS'The Technical Chart For Avon Products, Inc.  Is Very Revealing Today NY Stock News - 11 hours ago The technicals for Avon Products, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p7
aS"Can Avon's Transformation Plans Pull it Out of Doldrums? Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 The difficult times seem to be never ending for beauty products company, Avon Products Inc. AVP as the company's dismal top-line and bottom-line performance have become the order of the day."
p8
aS'Avon Products, Inc.  Foundation Donates To End Domestic Violence Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Avon Products, Inc.  Foundation has pledged 2 million on causes that seek to help women suffering from violence.'
p9
aS"Avon Focuses On Overlooked Demographic  Investopedia - 11 hours ago Cerberus Capital Management, which took over Avon Products Inc. last year and rebranded it as New Avon LLC, is trying to reverse the brand's downward spiral with a new focus on lower-income aging women."
p10
a.