(lp0
S"AWAC  Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd.: Allied World Shareholders ... The Wall Street Transcript - 9 hours ago ZUG, Switzerland---- Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG   announced today that its shareholders have approved both of the proposals that were voted on at the company's special shareholder&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Moody's rates Allied World Assurance senior notes at Baa1; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Oct 27, 2015 New York, October 26, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service has assigned a Baa1 rating to the 10-year 4.35% senior notes issued by Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd  and guaranteed by the ultimate parent Allied World&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday.The Norges Bank Buys Shares of 903192 Allied World Assurance Company Holdings ... - Petro Global News 24Market Center: Following Shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd ... - BVN'
p3
aS'Why Allied World Assurance Co. Holdings, AG. Stock Is Up 12% Today Motley Fool - Dec 19, 2016 The market is pricing Allied World Assurance shares as if the deal will go through without a hiccup. Shares of the insurer are trading at a single-digit discount to their implied value if the transaction were closed today, suggesting that investors see ...AM Best Places Credit Ratings of Allied World Assurance Company, AG and Its ... - Yahoo Finance'
p4
aS'AWAC  Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd.: Fairfax Financial and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 3, 2017 Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited   and Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG   today announced that they have agreed to extend to March 10, 2017 the deadline by which Fairfax has the&nbsp;...The Renaissance Technologies LLC Cuts Stake in Allied World Assurance Company ... - DailyQuintAllied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  Analyst Coverage - NewsDen'
p5
aS"Moody's affirms Allied World Assurance; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Apr 24, 2015 The Baa1 senior debt rating for the Bermuda holding company, Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd, reflects the overall group's manageable debt leverage and expectation of ample credit support from the operations, subject to regulatory dividend&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'AM Best Affirms Ratings of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG and Its ... Business Wire  - Feb 11, 2016 OLDWICK, N.J.----A.M. Best has affirmed the financial strength rating  of A  and the issuer credit ratings  of a+ of Allied World Assurance Company, Ltd  and its operating affiliates. The outlook for ...'
p7
aS'Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Upgraded at Zacks Investment ... Sports Perspectives - Mar 21, 2017 Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued on Tuesday.The Allianz Asset Management AG Boosts Stake in Allied World Assurance Company ... - Petro Global News 24Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Receives Consensus Rating of ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'Why Allied World Assurance Co. Holdings, AG Stock Is Soaring Today Motley Fool - Jul 20, 2016 What: Shares of Allied World Assurance Co Holdings  are soaring by more than 13% at 11:30 a.m. EDT as the company beat analyst expectations in the second quarter.Allied World profit surges as investments rebound - Business Insurance'
p9
aS'Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled ... Nasdaq - Dec 15, 2016 Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  will begin trading ex-dividend on December 16, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.26 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 29, ... AWH is a part of the Finance sector, which includes ...'
p10
a.