(lp0
S'Aware Inc. steps in to help people challenged with mental, emotional ... KTVH - Oct 8, 2016  Montana is a large state with lots of room for its citizens, but the benefit of a vast state with small population numbers can be a handicap for some.'
p1
aS'Aware Inc. Goes From Dual Leadership to Sole CEO findBIOMETRICS - Mar 2, 2017 A chief executive of biometric software and services provider Aware, Inc. is stepping down. The company has announced that Richard Moberg is leaving his post as co-Chief Executive Officer, co-President, CFO and Treasurer.'
p2
aS'Philanthropy / Health Care Facilities Great Falls Tribune - Feb 22, 2017 AWARE Inc., a private, non-profit corporation, provides quality community-based services to adults and children with challenging mental, emotional, and in some cases, physical needs who would otherwise be served in a more restrictive settingor ...'
p3
aS"Canarsie Aware Charged In Medicaid Fraud Scheme Canarsie Courier  - Nov 17, 2016 Anthony Cornachio Courtesy of the New York State Attorney General's Office Anthony Cornachio Courtesy of the New York State Attorney General's Office A Long Island lawyer who runs Canarsie Aware, Inc., a local drug treatment center, was arrested for&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Investing in Biometric Stocks with Aware, Inc.  Energy and Capital - Feb 28, 2017 Being on the road a lot, I spend a decent amount of time in TSA lines. But I'm not here to talk about how inconvenient or frustrating these lines can be."
p5
aS'BRIEF-Aware Inc announces resignation of CFO Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 BRIEF-Aware Inc announces resignation of CFO. FULL COVERAGE: INDIA ELECTIONS 2017. March 1 Aware Inc: * Aware Inc announces resignation of co-chief executive officer &amp; chief financial officer. * Aware - Richard P. Moberg resigned, effective March&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Aware Inc  is Beating Tangoe Inc  CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Aware Inc  versus Tangoe Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Aware Inc  versus Zix Corporation  CML News - Feb 26, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Aware Inc  versus Zix Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Aware Inc  versus Jive Software Inc  CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Aware Inc  versus Jive Software Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Aware Inc  versus Guidance Software Inc  CML News - Feb 18, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Aware Inc  versus Guidance Software Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.