(lp0
S'Acuity Brands, Inc. Demonstrates Retail Indoor Positioning System Solution ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 20, 2017 ATLANTA - March 20, 2017 - At Shoptalk 2017, Acuity Brands, Inc.  will demonstrate its latest advancements in Internet of Things  technology for retailers, including its Indoor Positioning System  solution with its new retail asset ...'
p1
aS"Why Acuity Brands, Inc. Stock Fell 19% Today Fox Business - Jan 9, 2017 Acuity Brands  reported first-quarter results in the early morning hours on Monday. In response to the news, shares of the industrial LED lighting specialist fell as much as 18.7% during the morning session.Acuity Brands'  CEO Vernon Nagel on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Acuity Brands, Inc. Next Generation Building Management Solutions from Distech ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 31, 2017 ATLANTA - January 31, 2017- Acuity Brands, Inc  businesses, Distech Controls and DGLogik, are exhibiting at the 2017 AHR Expo to showcase innovative controls and Internet of Things  tools that integrate with Acuity Brands' digital LED&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'A look at the fair value of Acuity Brands Inc  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Does the March share price for Acuity Brands  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p4
aS"Goldman Adds Acuity Brands To Focus List, Cites 'Strongest Competitive ... Benzinga - Sep 9, 2016 Goldman Sachs has added Acuity Brands, Inc.  to its focus list. It sees the company has the strongest competitive position among lighting peers as the sector shifts to low-carbon LED-based lighting technologies."
p5
aS'Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Acuity Brands, Inc.  to Sell The Cerbat Gem - Mar 20, 2017 Acuity Brands logo Acuity Brands, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday.Stock Returns: Emerson Electric Co.  is Beating Acuity Brands Inc ... - CML NewsThe Acuity Brands, Inc.  Given Consensus Rating of Buy by Analysts - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Acuity Brands, Inc. Announces Acquisition of DGLogik Yahoo Finance - Jul 7, 2016 ATLANTA, July 7, 2016 - Acuity Brands, Inc.  today announced it has acquired 100 percent of the equity interests of DGLogik, Inc., a San Francisco Bay Area-based provider of innovative software solutions that enable and visualize the Internet of ...'
p7
aS"Acuity Brands Has A Bright Future Due To Smart Lighting Orders Benzinga - Jun 30, 2016 CLSA analysts believe Acuity Brands, Inc.  has a solid future citing Smart Light Orders. Their comments come on the heels of the company's third quarter results beating the expectations on 25 percent year-over-year growth in sales apart from ..."
p8
aS'Acuity Brands: Poised To Recover After Earnings Seeking Alpha - Jun 28, 2016 Acuity Brands Inc.  is best described as an electronics manufacturing and design company. It concerns itself with the design and sale of custom lighting fixtures and arraignments as well as electronics systems.'
p9
aS'Acuity Brands Buys DGLogik Benzinga - Jul 7, 2016 Acuity Brands, Inc.  revealed that it acquired 100 percent of the equity stake of DGLogik, Inc. for undisclosed terms and conditions.Acuity Brands  Acquires IoT Software Solutions Provider DGLogik - StreetInsider.comAcuity Brands Acquires DGLogik - Modern Distribution Management'
p10
a.