(lp0
S'AZZ Inc  Position Cut by New York State Teachers Retirement System BNB Daily  - 20 hours ago AZZ logo New York State Teachers Retirement System lowered its stake in shares of AZZ Inc  by 8.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p1
aS'by MarketWatch MarketWatch - Oct 8, 2010 AZZ Inc. Announces Contract Award from China Three Gorges Corporation for 550kV Gas Insulated Line in China. AZZ Inc. Announces Contract Award from China Three Gorges Corporation for 550kV Gas Insulated Line in China. Feb. 17, 2017 at 6:30 a.m.&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Azz Inc. Reports Another Weak Quarter Motley Fool - Jan 9, 2017 The market has been merrily pricing in a recovery in industrial market conditions, most notably in oil and gas-related spending, but the latest results from galvanizing and specialty electrical equipment company Azz Inc  suggest the recovery ...'
p3
aS'AZZ Inc. and Westinghouse Electric Company Announce Teaming Agreement ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 FORT WORTH, Texas, Jan. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AZZ Inc. , a global provider of galvanizing, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services to the power generation, transmission, distribution and industrial&nbsp;...AZZ Inc. To Retain Nuclear Logistics - Nuclear Street - Nuclear Power Plant News, Jobs, and Careers  '
p4
aS"AZZ Inc. Reports Financial Results for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 PR Newswire  - Jan 6, 2017 Tom Ferguson, president and chief executive officer of AZZ Inc., commented, &quot;Our overall third quarter financial performance was disappointing as we continued to feel the effects of depressed markets in oil and gas, petrochemical, and solar for our&nbsp;...AZZ's  CEO Tom Ferguson on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'AZZ, Inc.  FY18 Guidance Tops Views StreetInsider.com - Feb 7, 2017 AZZ Inc. , a global provider of galvanizing services, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services, today announced its revenue and earnings guidance for fiscal year 2018.AZZ Inc  Upbeat Outlook For Fiscal Year 2018 - Stock Market Daily'
p6
aS"AZZ Inc.: Here's What A Real Moat Looks Like Seeking Alpha - Dec 22, 2015 My first encounter with AZZ  happened in July, 2015 at their newly acquired galvanizing facility in San Antonio, Texas."
p7
aS"AZZ Incorporated Earnings: Margin Expansion on Its Way Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 AZZ Incorporated  stock has had a strong year, with notable outperformance compared to the S&amp;P 500 index. It's in large part due to the successful resolution of operating inefficiencies plus completing previously delayed shipments in its ..."
p8
aS'AZZ, Inc.  Announces Acquisition of Alpha Galvanizing Assets StreetInsider.com - Feb 1, 2016 AZZ Inc.  announced that it has acquired the assets of Alpha Galvanizing Inc., an Atkinson, Nebraska-based business unit of Olson Industries, Inc. Alpha Galvanizing has served steel fabrication customers that manufacture electrical utility ...'
p9
aS"AZZ Incorporated Feels the Heat From Oil and Gas Motley Fool - Oct 6, 2016 As management explained on the earnings call, galvanizing is a business that doesn't operate with long lead times, so any kind of downturn  will be felt quickly in AZZ revenues. The impact was negative in the current quarter, and investors ..."
p10
a.