(lp0
S'Will Bravo Brio Restaurant Group  Continue to Surge Higher? Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 As of late, it has definitely been a great time to be an investor in Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Inc. BBRG . The stock has moved higher by 16.5% in the past month, while it is also above its 20 Day SMA too.'
p1
aS'Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Inc. to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 14, 2017 COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 14, 2017  -- Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Inc.  owner and operator of the BRAVO!'
p2
aS'TAC Capital, LLC Sends Letter To Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Inc. Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 TAC Capital, LLC requested the nomination of three directors to the Board of Directors of Bravo Brio Restaurant Group. The target responded that it may engage in open and transparent dialogue.'
p3
aS"Morning Roundup: Is Bravo Brio's stock a must buy? | Largest craft brewer in ... Columbus Business First - 19 hours ago Value proposition. It's been tough sledding for Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc. lately but its stock is generating all kinds of buzz in the investment research community.Let's Get Complex With Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Inc.  - Post Analyst4 Reasons Why You Should Buy Bravo Brio  Stock Now - Nasdaq"
p4
aS"TAC Capital LLC Releases Open Letter To Board Of Directors Of Bravo Brio ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 As the largest shareholder of Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Inc.  , with an ownership position of nearly 15%, we are extremely disappointed with the Company's weak fourth quarter and full year 2016 results including ...Here's Who Just Picked Up Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc.  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive It's Ravioli Galore! BRAVO Cucina Italiana Celebrates National Ravioli Day ... - PR Newswire "
p5
aS"Bravo Brio Restaurant Group's  CEO Brian O'Malley on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call.Bravo Brio to close at least 6 restaurants - Nation's Restaurant News"
p6
aS'TAC Capital An Overlooked New Influence At Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Seeking Alpha - Oct 13, 2016 Bravo Brio Restaurant Group  is valued at roughly 0.3x TEV/Revenue, 3.5x TEV/EBITDA and sports a 20% free cash flow yield today.'
p7
aS"Bravo Brio Restaurant Group: Little To No Value Here Seeking Alpha - Nov 22, 2016 Bravo Brio Restaurant Group  has struggled for years. The company's two chains have been bogged down by a collective menu that is uninspiring and results that match, with comp sales coming in negative for many quarters.Jingle All the Way to BRIO Tuscan Grille this Holiday Season! - PR Newswire "
p8
aS"Bravo Brio Restaurant Group's  CEO Brian O'Malley on Q2 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 4, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call.Bravo Brio CEO calls 2016 a 'transitional year' - Nation's Restaurant News"
p9
aS"Bravo Brio explores strategic alternatives Nation's Restaurant News - Feb 2, 2017 Struggling casual-dining operator Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc. is working with investment bankers to explore strategic alternatives to increase shareholder value, the company said Thursday.Struggling Bravo Brio Restaurant Group 'to examine all alternatives' amid ... - Columbus Business First"
p10
a.