(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold on Bonanza Creek Energy ... Market Exclusive - 4 hours ago Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  is an independent energy company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of onshore oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas in the United States.What Analysts are Predicting For Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. , National ... - The USA CommerceBonanza Creek Energy Inc.  added to 15 new portfolios - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'Bankrupt Bonanza Creek reports bigger Q4 loss Denver Business Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Bonanza Creek Energy Inc., which said it plans to emerge from bankruptcy protection in the first half of this year, reported a bigger fourth-quarter loss.Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market ExclusiveBonanza Creek Energy Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial and ... - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS"Bonanza Creek Equity Holders Tear Into Ch. 11 Plan Law360  - Mar 10, 2017 Law360, Wilmington  -- An ad hoc group of equity holders in the Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. bankruptcy blasted the oil and gas producer's Chapter 11 plan Thursday, arguing it is a brazen attempt to shift value away from&nbsp;...Let's Get Complex With Bonanza Creek Energy Inc.  - Post AnalystActive Volume Stock: Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  - HugoPress"
p3
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy to File Bankruptcy Arkansas Business Online - Dec 23, 2016 Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. and two other energy firms announced on Friday plans to file for bankruptcy in coming weeks, joining a long list of U.S.'
p4
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy seeks to wipe out $850 million in bad debt The Denver Post - Dec 23, 2016 Bonanza Creek Energy said Friday it will pursue a prepackaged bankruptcy filing at the start of the year in an effort to clear out more than $850 million in debt and start 2017 on a stronger financial footing.Bonanza Creek, other US energy firms announce Chapter 11 plans - Reuters'
p5
aS'Is Bonanza Creek Energy In Serious Trouble? Seeking Alpha - Sep 19, 2016 Investors were relieved that Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  paid its interest payment in late Aug. after using the 30-day grace period for the interest payment that was due Aug. 1. There are a number of issues that will come to head in ...'
p6
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy Receives Unsolicited Inquiry From Bill Barrett Corporation GlobeNewswire  - Jan 18, 2017 DENVER, Jan. 17, 2017  -- Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.   today announced that it received an unsolicited inquiry from Bill Barrett Corporation  regarding a potential&nbsp;...Denver energy company shows interest in bankrupt Bonanza Creek - Denver Business JournalBill Barrett Corporation  Entered Confidentiality Agreement with Bonanza ... - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS"Bonanza Creek Stock Almost Tripled From Bankruptcy Announcement Lows Seeking Alpha - Jan 10, 2017 There seems to be a disconnect between the valuation of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  stock and the valuation of the company's debt."
p8
aS'Bonanza Creek Bankruptcy Means Losses for Investors in 2015 Stock Offering Wall Street Journal - Jan 4, 2017 Shares of Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. jumped 40% Wednesday on its plans to shed more than half of its debt in bankruptcy proceedings, but the pop is little consolation for investors who bought their shares of the Denver energy producer in its offering ...Bonanza Creek Energy Inc : What Shareholders Need To Know - Insider Financial'
p9
aS"Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  Q4 Sales Volume At 18.2 MBoe StockNewsUnion - Mar 21, 2017 Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  Q4 sales averaged 18.2 MBoe on daily basis versus projection average of 18 MBoe per day.Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  to Report Quarterly Earnings: What's in ... - Post RegistrarRevenue Update on Bonanza Creek Energy Inc - Money Flow Index & Trends"
p10
a.