(lp0
S"Blue Dolphin Energy Company  Files An 8-K Termination of a ... Market Exclusive - Feb 16, 2017 Blue Dolphin Energy Company  is an independent refiner and marketer of petroleum products. The Company's primary asset is an approximately 15,000 barrels per day  crude oil and condensate processing facility that is located in Nixon,&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Eagle Ford wave lifts Blue Dolphin Energy refinery FuelFix  - Aug 21, 2014 SAN ANTONIO - The Eagle Ford Shale is boosting the fortunes of Blue Dolphin Energy Co., which took a chance when it bought a rusty, mothballed refinery in the small town of Nixon about seven years ago.'
p2
aS'Blue Dolphin Closes Transaction to Acquire Lazarus Energy PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2012 HOUSTON, Feb. 21, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Blue Dolphin Energy Company  , an independent oil and gas company, today announced that it has closed its previously announced acquisition of Lazarus Energy, LLC (the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Blue Dolphin Purchases Option to Acquire Ingleside Refinery Site GlobeNewsWire  - Jun 11, 2012 HOUSTON, June 11, 2012  -- Blue Dolphin Energy Company  , an independent energy company with refining, midstream and upstream operations, today announced its purchase of a 180 day option to&nbsp;...Blue Dolphin to buy idled Ingleside refinery to process crude and condensate ... - Oil & Gas Financial Journal'
p4
aS'Refinery owners battle in court San Antonio Express-News - Oct 18, 2014 ... of the energy industry, including to refineries that process crude from the play. A small refinery in Nixon, about 54 miles east of San Antonio, promised to be one of the most recent entities to flourish from the shale.'
p5
aS'Blue Whale Energy North America purchases Permian Basin assets Energy Global - Dec 1, 2015 Blue Whale Energy North America has announced the closing of a transaction with Tall City Exploration LLC and Plymouth Petroleum LLC, both private companies, on behalf of Moss Creek Resources LLC, for assets located in Howard and Borden County,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Blue Dolphin Energy purchases Lazarus Refinery Gonzales Inquirer - Aug 13, 2011 NIXON - In an unexpected turn of events, the Lazarus Refinery that is scheduled to reopen and expected to bring 38 new jobs to the community has been bought out by Blue Dolphin Energy. ... Whoever owns the property or company, it doesn't matter."
p7
aS'Teapots Boiling in Texas as Shale Spurs Refining Revival: Energy Bloomberg - Jan 31, 2014 Near the only four-way stoplight in Nixon, Texas, smoke rises off a pilot flare at the Blue Dolphin Energy Co. refinery that had sat cold for two decades.'
p8
aS'Blue Dolphin secures funding to expand Eagle Ford refinery San Antonio Business Journal - Jan 5, 2016 Independent refining company Blue Dolphin has secured another $10 million to expand its jet fuel-producing facility just one hour east of San Antonio.'
p9
aS"Scott O'Dell's Island of the Blue Dolphins cast a lifelong spell over me The Guardian - Jul 4, 2016 And then building those stories into our own lives. I was lucky enough to be one of those girls. And I was blessed to read Island of the Blue Dolphins in their company, all of us forever linked to Karana, the stranded girl who finds a way to survive ..."
p10
a.