(lp0
S'Black Diamond, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Mar 6, 2017 SALT LAKE CITY, March 06, 2017  -- Black Diamond, Inc.  , a global leader of innovative active outdoor performance equipment and apparel, under the brand name Black Diamond, reported financial&nbsp;...Black Diamond, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market ExclusiveStifel Just Issued  Hold Rating on Black Diamond Inc  - Highland Mirror'
p1
aS'Trading Focus: Checking ATR Levels for Black Diamond Inc  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Black Diamond Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.22. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in order to&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Black Diamond Appoints John Walbrecht as President of Black Diamond Equipment ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 27, 2016 SALT LAKE CITY, Sept. 27, 2016  -- Black Diamond Equipment, Ltd. a global innovator in climbing, skiing, mountain sports equipment and apparel, and a subsidiary of Black Diamond, Inc.  , has appointed&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Black Diamond  Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Moreover, Black Diamond's independent global distributor business is likely to experience growth in the quarter, as markets like Japan and Korea have begun to replenish their inventory following a period of industry consolidation and other market ...What You Must Know About Black Diamond Inc's  Financial Health - Simply Wall StBlack Diamond Inc  Set to Announce Earnings on Monday - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS'Black Diamond reports year-end loss, plans to shake up operations Medill Reports: Chicago - Mar 15, 2016 Despite a one-time charge that stifled its bottom line, Black Diamond Inc. turned in results Monday that bested Wall Street estimates, and unveiled plans for a major corporate restructuring.'
p5
aS'Black Diamond: Trading At 25% Discount To Peer Relative Value Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Black Diamond Inc is a premium retailer earning various awards for quality with growing domestic sales in climbing and mountain products yet shares trade at a discount to peers.Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Black Diamond Inc  to Sell - Chaffey BreezeBlack Diamond Inc  Given Consensus Rating of Hold by Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS"DA Davidson Upgrades Black Diamond To Buy, Says 'Valuation Well Below Full ... Benzinga - Aug 8, 2016 The core brand of Black Diamond Inc  is approaching positive inflection, with gross margin expansion expected to restore profitability, DA Davidson's Andrew Burns said in a report.Black Diamond  Stock Soars, Upgraded at Davidson - TheStreet.com"
p7
aS'Black Diamond Inc : Does Low Debt-Load Make It A Financially Strong Company? Simply Wall St - Jan 3, 2017 Small-cap companies such as Black Diamond Inc  with its market cap of USD $160 Million, benefit the most from improving economic conditions due to the growth potential, but on the other hand they also are highly prone to a downturn, thus&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Pulling the Curtain Back on Black Diamond, Inc.  Earnings ... Melville Review - 8 hours ago Wall Street is predicting that Black Diamond, Inc. 's earnings per share  will be $0 when the firm is expected to announce earnings around 2017-05-01."
p9
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Black Diamond Inc  CML News - Mar 20, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Black Diamond Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p10
a.