(lp0
S"This women's retailer with 3 local stores may be next to close St. Louis Business Journal - 15 hours ago Bebe Stores Inc. is planning to close all 170 stores to focus on its online brand, Bloomberg reported, citing anonymous sources.bebe stores, inc. Exploring Strategic Alternatives - Yahoo FinanceApparel chain Bebe Stores to explore strategic alternatives - Duluth News Tribune"
p1
aS"bebe Stores Still Has A Shot Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Q2 comp figures were ugly at -10.5%; but there was some good news in the report. The licensing deal with Bluestar hasn't hit yet and bebe is cash-flow positive. To be sure, the cash-flow improvements aren't repeatable and the company benefited from timing."
p2
aS"What are Analyst's Indicators for Bebe Stores, Inc. , Webster Financial ... The USA Commerce - 18 hours ago Presently Bebe Stores, Inc.  stock have an ABR of NA. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell."
p3
aS"Prentice Capital Letter To Bebe Stores, Inc. Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2016 As you are aware, an affiliate of Prentice Capital Management, LP owns approximately 5.6% of the outstanding shares of Bebe Stores, Inc.  . We are writing to express our extreme dissatisfaction with the Board's continuing&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'bebe stores: Take The Money And Run Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 BEBE has embarked on the noble and proper task of reducing its level of markdowns and increasing its inventory turns. Any retailer should be doing this all the time, but for BEBE, it is a matter of survival. In the past, the company has had far too ...'
p5
aS'BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nike, Sears, FedEx, Frontier, Bebe Stores, Uni ... Nasdaq - 17 hours ago O&gt;: up 14.6 pct at $4.09 premarket MEDIA-Bebe plans to shut its stores and focus on web sales - Bloomberg [nL3N1GY4RD] ** Uni-Pixel Inc &lt;UNXL.O&gt;: up 21.1 pct at $0.92 premarket BRIEF-Uni-Pixel signs long-term agreement with U.S. based PC maker&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Bebe Stores Has Upside Potential From Here Seeking Alpha - Sep 15, 2016 bebe stores  has been mercilessly pounded in the past couple of years as the company has continued to struggle and indeed, post sizable losses such that its solvency has been called into question.'
p7
aS"Bebe Stores: A Compelling Risk/Reward Seeking Alpha - Nov 27, 2015 Up until this last quarter, bebe stores'  new CEO has done a good job turning the business around. In his first fiscal year since appointment in June 2014, he increased sales by almost 1% , oversaw&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Bebe Stores, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -12.72, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p9
aS'bebe stores, inc. and Bluestar Alliance LLC Announce Strategic Joint Venture ... Business Wire  - Jun 8, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif.----bebe stores, inc. , today announced that it has entered into a joint venture with Bluestar Alliance LLC  and has received $35 million in connection with the formation of the joint venture.'
p10
a.