(lp0
S'Beacon Roofing Supply to Participate in the Seaport Global Securities ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that Joseph Nowicki, Executive Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer ...Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold on Beacon Roofing ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Market View: Watching the Numbers for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Rives Journal - 17 hours ago Tracking shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 3977575.Narrowing in on Chart Levels for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  - The StandardA Look at 2 Trending Stocks: Exar Corporation , Beacon Roofing Supply ... - Post Analyst'
p2
aS"Beacon Roofing Supply Strengthens its Michigan Presence with the Acquisition ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that it has acquired Acme Building Materials, Inc. , a distributor ...Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.'s FY2018 ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p3
aS"Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. BECN  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p4
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for BECN Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 In trading on Thursday, shares of Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $44.65, changing hands as low as $44.61 per share.Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comBeacon Roofing Supply Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p5
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  Momentum Alert as ATR Trends Higher Business Review - Mar 21, 2017 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  have seen the ATR  climb higher over the past 10 bars, indicating strong momentum potential and increased volatility.'
p6
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Portland, Oregon-based ... Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Woodfeathers, Inc. , a distributor of primarily residential roofing and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Michigan-Based Fox Brothers Company Business Wire  - May 2, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Fox Brothers Company , a distributor of roofing, siding, windows, doors and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'BRIEF-Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa. Reuters - Dec 16, 2016 BRIEF-Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa. ... extends to the stock. NEW YORK, March 12 For some millennial investors, loyalty to one of their favorite apps matters more than financial details in the case of Snap Inc.'
p9
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 10 Equities.com - Mar 10, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 10, as the stock gained 3% to close at $47.72. On the day, Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. saw 724,719 shares trade hands on 7,183 trades. Considering that the stock averages only&nbsp;...Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  recently purchased by insider BERQUIST CARL T - Post AnalystInvestor Watch-List Stock: Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  - Is stories'
p10
a.