(lp0
S"How Does the Chart Look for Franklin Resources, Inc.  ? The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Franklin Resources, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p1
aS'Traders Secrets on Franklin Resources, Inc. , Masco Corporation  StockNewsJournal - Mar 21, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Technical Clues For Franklin Resources, Inc.  Investors - USA Commerce Daily'
p2
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Kellogg Company  Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago Kellogg Company logo Franklin Resources Inc. continued to hold its position in Kellogg Company  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p3
aS"Franklin Resources edges higher after reporting AUM Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 End of February total AUM of $738.2M was up about $10B from a month earlier, and compares to $714B a year ago. KBW's Robert Lee cautions against reading much into one month of data, noting a previously disclosed $4.6B insurance-related redemption&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Acquires Shares of 100000 Titan Machinery Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Titan Machinery logo Franklin Resources Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Titan Machinery Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p5
aS'Deutsche throws in towel on Franklin Resources sell recommendation Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 The bad news for traditional asset managers has been pretty steady, but this just in - Franklin Resources  is higher by 26% Y/Y .Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys New Position in Franklin Resources, Inc.  - BNB Daily A look at a High Market Cap Stock: Franklin Resources, Inc., BEN - The Daily Leicester'
p6
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Has $1556000 Stake in Crescent Point Energy Co.  BNB Daily  - 18 hours ago Crescent Point Energy logo Franklin Resources Inc. lowered its stake in Crescent Point Energy Co.   by 8.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p7
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Takes Position in Zions Bancorp  Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago Zions Bancorp logo Franklin Resources Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Zions Bancorp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p8
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Has $1835000 Position in Fluor Co.   Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago Fluor Co.  logo Franklin Resources Inc. decreased its position in shares of Fluor Co.   by 0.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p9
aS'Narrowing in on Chart Levels for Franklin Resources Inc  The Standard - 12 hours ago Franklin Resources Inc  has a current 14 day Williams %R reading of -78.4. Levels can range from 0 to -100. A Williams %R that falls between -80 to -100 is typically viewed as being in strong oversold territory.'
p10
a.