(lp0
S'Bar Harbor Bankshares completes merger Mainebiz - Jan 16, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares , the holding company for Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, completed its merger with Lake Sunapee Bank Group, the holding company for Lake Sunapee Bank.Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announces completion of merger - The Ellsworth American'
p1
aS"Bar Harbor Bankshares announces plan to acquire Lake Sunapee Bank of NH The Ellsworth American - May 6, 2016 BAR HARBOR - The parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announced on Thursday its plan to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group, a merger that would significantly increase the Maine bank's footprint and stature in the region.Bar Harbor Bank acquires NH bank chain for $143 million - Bangor Daily NewsLocal Bank to Be Sold - Valley News"
p2
aS"Bar Harbor Bankshares  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares is a bank holding company. The Company's operating subsidiary, Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust , is a community bank, which offers a range of deposit, loan and related banking products, as well as brokerage services provided&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Bar Harbor Bankshares  is Beating ACNB Corporation ... - CML News"
p3
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 21, as the stock lost 3.44% to close at $45.24. On the day, Bar Harbor Bankshares Inc. saw 36,727 shares trade hands on 452 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a ...Buckling Under the Trendline, Can This Stock Reverse Course: Bar Harbor ... - Midway MonitorStock Returns: Century Bancorp Inc  is Beating Bar Harbor ... - CML News'
p4
aS'Bar Harbor Bank buying New Hampshire bank in $143 million deal Press Herald - May 5, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares is acquiring a New Hampshire bank in a $143 million deal that will make it the only New England-based community bank with operations in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont.Bar Harbor Bankshares Expands Into New Hampshire and Vermont with Lake Sunapee ... - Business Wire '
p5
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares merger moves forward The Ellsworth American - Oct 25, 2016 A plan for the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group took a step forward this week as shareholders of both companies approved the merger agreement.'
p6
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares  Announces 3-for-2 Stock Split StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares   the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a three-for-two split of its common stock payable in the form of a large stock dividend.Stock Returns: First Bancorp  is Beating Bar Harbor Bankshares ... - CML News'
p7
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares announces stock split The Ellsworth American - Feb 23, 2017 BAR HARBOR - The parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announced Tuesday it will be doing a stock split next month.'
p8
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares  Showing Positive Momentum Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares  shares are showing positive momentum over the past week as the stock has clocked in consecutive positive sessions over that time.'
p9
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares: A Merger Mispricing And Arbitrage Play Seeking Alpha - Jun 15, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares is highly profitable, offers a large dividend yield, and sells at a reasonable price. Bar Harbor Bankshares and Lake Sunapee Bank Group are merging, which presents a possible arbitrage play and merger mispricing. The combined&nbsp;...'
p10
a.