(lp0
S'Baker Hughes Incorporated Risk Points versus Energy CML News - 11 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Baker Hughes Incorporated  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.Baker Hughes Announces Date for First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and ... - Yahoo FinanceBaker Hughes Incorporated  Rises 2.51% for March 20 - Equities.com'
p1
aS'The Baker Hughes Rig Count Explained Benzinga - Mar 17, 2017 Every Friday, U.S. oil &amp; gas investors finish out the week with an important litmus test of the health of the overall industry.Weekly Rig Counts from Baker Hughes - ScandOil'
p2
aS'GE and Baker Hughes Receive Expected Requests for Additional Information from ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 General Electric Company  and Baker Hughes Incorporated  today announced that the companies have each received a request for additional information  from the United States Department of Justice  in connection with the&nbsp;...Baker Hughes , GE Merger Details Requested by DOJ - NasdaqBaker Hughes Announces February 2017 Rig Counts - Business Wire '
p3
aS"Investor Hub: Checking on the Numbers for Baker Hughes Incorporated  Sherwood Daily - 11 hours ago Currently, Baker Hughes Incorporated 's 6 month price index is 1.20778. The six month price index is calculated by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago."
p4
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Baker Hughes Incorporated , Consolidated Edison ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Baker Hughes Incorporated  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -14.45 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;...Baker Hughes Incorporated  added to 120 new portfolios - Post AnalystExperts Analysis on Price Reaction History: Baker Hughes Incorporated  - ClickLancashire"
p5
aS"Analyst's Proposition on Baker Hughes , WEC Energy  The USA Commerce - Mar 20, 2017 Shares of Baker Hughes Incorporated  surged 1.18% to $58.93. During the trading on 03/17/2017, Company's stock ranged from $58.33 to $59.74."
p6
aS"Can We Learn Anything From The Technical Chart of Baker Hughes Incorporated ? NY Stock News - 17 hours ago Baker Hughes Incorporated  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p7
aS"Why Is Baker Hughes  Down 5.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Baker Hughes Incorporated BHI. Shares have lost about 5.2% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Analyst's Proposition on Baker Hughes Incorporated , E*TRADE Financial ... - The USA Commerce"
p8
aS'Decision Time: Baker Hughes Incorporated  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Decision Time: Baker Hughes Incorporated  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p9
aS'Hot Stocks Among Investors: Baker Hughes Incorporated , CenterPoint ... Post Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Baker Hughes Incorporated has a consensus outperform rating from 32 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 2.29% of shares outstanding.Analytical Guide for Welltower Inc. , Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI ... - The USA Commerce'
p10
a.