(lp0
S"Got the #BasketballBlues? BJ's Restaurants, Inc. Helps Fans Overcome Sadness ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 We realized those fans need a place to get together and commiserate,&quot; said Kevin Mayer, EVP, Chief Marketing Officer of BJ's Restaurants, Inc. &quot;They can now cope with the five stages of basketball grief at BJ's Restaurant &amp; Brewhouse with great food ...Alex Puchner Sells 5000 Shares of BJ's Restaurants, Inc.  Stock - The Cerbat GemBjs Restaurants Inc  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Alex Puchner Sells ... - Energy Index"
p1
aS"BJ's Restaurants, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Feb 23, 2017 HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif., Feb. 23, 2017  -- BJ's Restaurants, Inc.  today reported financial results for its fourth quarter and fiscal year ended Tuesday, January 3, 2017.BJ's Restaurants  Tops Q4 Earnings &amp; Sales; Stock Up - Nasdaq"
p2
aS"BJ's Restaurants Opens in Columbia, Maryland GlobeNewswire  - Feb 22, 2017 HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif., Feb. 21, 2017  -- BJ's Restaurants, Inc.  today announced the opening of its restaurant in Columbia, Maryland."
p3
aS"BJ's Restaurants, Inc. Redefines EnLIGHTened Menu as 'Healthy' Takes on New ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 17, 2017 BJ's Restaurants, Inc. selected a group of ruthlessly honest kids to serve as its tasting panel. The diminutive diners were invited to try five BJ's EnLIGHTened Entrees and give their feedback on camera."
p4
aS"BJ's Restaurants, Inc. Launches 'Buy a Hero a Beer ' Initiative to Honor ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 17, 2016 This new program is designed to engage the entire nation in recognizing the heroes in our country, in our communities, and in our personal lives, said Greg Trojan, President and CEO of BJ's Restaurants, Inc. At a time when too many stories are ..."
p5
aS"Does BJ's Restaurants  Make for a Suitable Value Pick? Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 BJ's Restaurants, Inc. Price and Consensus | BJ's Restaurants, Inc. Quote. The combination of these somewhat mixed factors is why the stock has just a Zacks Rank #3  and why we are looking for in-line performance from the company in the near term.BJ's Restaurants Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy BJ's Restaurants, Inc ... - The De Soto Edge"
p6
aS"BJ's Restaurants Patiently Shaking Out The Competition Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 With only 189 locations, BJ's Restaurants  isn't exactly a household name. But the Huntington Beach, California-based company has been steadily expanding its brewhouse chain over the past decade.Insider Selling: BJ's Restaurants, Inc.  Director Sells $1112637.58 in Stock - BNB Daily Bjs Restaurants Inc  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Patrick Walsh Sells ... - Energy Index"
p7
aS"BJ's Crafted Experience Makes Moments Count in New Advertising Campaign PR Newswire  - Sep 27, 2016 BJ's Restaurants, Inc. currently owns and operates 181 casual dining restaurants under the BJ's Restaurant &amp; Brewhouse, BJ's Restaurant &amp; Brewery, BJ's Pizza &amp; Grill and BJ's Grill brand names."
p8
aS"BJ's Restaurants Inc. Serves Up a Sloppy Q3 Motley Fool - Oct 19, 2016 Coming into its third-quarter earnings report, there were reasons to suspect weak results from casual-dining chain BJ's Restaurants, Inc. . The stock had fallen sharply after the second-quarter earnings report in July and continued to ..."
p9
aS"BJ's Restaurant &amp; Brewhouse Thanks Veterans and Active Duty Military With ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 1, 2016 HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif., Nov. 01, 2016  -- This Veterans Day, BJ's Restaurants Inc.  invites all active-duty and retired military to stop in for a free meal as a thank you for their service."
p10
a.