(lp0
S"BB&amp;T to acquire The Bank of Kentucky Financial Corp. PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2014 8, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- BB&amp;T Corporation  and The Bank of Kentucky Financial Corporation  announced today the signing of a definitive agreement under which BB&amp;T will acquire The Bank of Kentucky in a cash and stock&nbsp;...Here's why Bank of Kentucky's founder decided to sell - Cincinnati Business CourierWhy Bank of Kentucky Financial  Stock Hit a One-Year High Today - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS'The Bank Of Kentucky Financial Corp.  Broker Price Targets For ... Fiscal Standard - Mar 9, 2017 04/21/2014 - The Bank of Kentucky Financial Corp. had its neutral rating reiterated by analysts at Robert W. Baird. They now have a USD 38 price target on the stock.Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'The Bank Of Kentucky Financial Corp.  Receives An Update From Brokers The De Soto Edge - Jan 29, 2017 12/19/2014 - The Bank of Kentucky Financial Corp. had its  rating reiterated by analysts at Jefferies. They now have a USD 43 price target on the stock.'
p3
aS'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1117000 Position in ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Synovus Financial Corp. logo Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky reduced its position in shares of Synovus Financial Corp.  by 4.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and ...'
p4
aS'WesBanco Again Earns Outstanding Rating by FDIC The Exponent Telegram   - 16 hours ago The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. recently awarded WesBanco Bank Inc., an affiliate of WesBanco Inc., its sixth Outstanding Community Reinvestment Act rating.'
p5
aS'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Lowers Position in E*TRADE ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky reduced its stake in shares of E*TRADE Financial Corp  by 17.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Research Ratings: The Goldfield Corporation , E*TRADE Financial ... - Normangee Star'
p6
aS'Wintrust Financial Corp  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 3, 2017 Wintrust Financial Corp logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Wintrust Financial Corp  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Tuesday.'
p7
aS'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Wintrust Financial Corp  to Buy BNB Daily  - Mar 1, 2017 Wintrust Financial Corp logo Wintrust Financial Corp  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued on Wednesday.'
p8
aS'The Wintrust Financial Corp  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Mar 12, 2017 According to Zacks, Wintrust Financial Corporation is a bank holding company which provides banking services, trust and investment services, commercial insurance premium financing, short-term accounts receivable financing, and certain administrative ...'
p9
aS'Wintrust Financial Corp  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 6, 2017 Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Wintrust Financial Corp  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday.'
p10
a.