(lp0
S'Insider Trading Activity Bristol-Myers Squibb Co   SVP Sold 8096 ... Market Exclusive - 3 hours ago On 3/7/2013 Bristol-Myers Squibb Co announced a quarterly dividend of $0.35 3.74% with an ex dividend date of 4/3/2013 which will be payable on 5/1/2013.The Bristol-Myers Squibb Co  Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy - Petro Global News 24Bristol-Myers Squibb Company subtracted -1.24% in its Stock Price in the ... - Free Observer'
p1
aS'Dodge &amp; Cox Buys Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Zayo Group Holdings, Medtronic ... Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Dodge &amp; Cox initiated holdings in Zayo Group Holdings Inc. Their purchase prices were between $29.81 and $35.14, with an estimated average price of $32.74.'
p2
aS'Bristol-Myers Squibb and CytomX Therapeutics Extend Deal Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMY and CytomX Therapeutics, Inc. CTMX, announced an expansion of their 2014 strategic collaboration to discover novel therapies.Mid-Afternoon Market Update: CytomX Therapeutics Climbs Following Bristol ... - BenzingaBristol-Myers Squibb , CtomX Therapeutics  Extend Strategic ... - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS"The Big Reason Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Stock Exploded 15% Higher in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb , a U.S. drug giant that's primarily focused on oncology, cardiovascular, and immunoscience therapies, catapulted higher by 15% during February, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Bristol-Myers Squibb  CEO Giovanni Caforio Presents at Cowen and Company ... - Seeking AlphaInsider Trading Activity Bristol-Myers Squibb Co   EVP Sold 92405 ... - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS"Carl Icahn's Next Target: Bristol-Myers Squibb Forbes - Feb 22, 2017 Activist investor Carl Icahn just announced his latest target: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Bristol-Myers Squibb has been the focus of several activist investors in recent months and on Tuesday the company shook up its board to satisfy other activist ...Bristol-Myers: Buyout Bound? - Seeking AlphaSearle &amp; Co. Buys Exxon Mobil, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bank of America - GuruFocus.com"
p5
aS'Bristol-Myers Squibb Names New R&amp;D Chief Wall Street Journal  - Mar 8, 2017 Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said it would replace its research-and-development chief, naming a Massachusetts General Hospital executive to the key job as the company seeks to move past a major drug-development setback.Forget the Distractions: Bristol-Myers Squibb Is a Bargain - Motley FoolBristol-Myers Squibb to Announce Results for First Quarter 2017 on April 27 - Yahoo Finance'
p6
aS'Carl Icahn swoops in, takes stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb MarketWatch - Feb 21, 2017 Carl Icahn has taken a stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., making him the second big activist to pressure the company following disappointment in its cancer-treatment efforts.Bristol-Myers Squibb  Announces $2B Accelerated Share Repurchase and ... - StreetInsider.comCarl Icahn Takes Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb - Wall Street Journal '
p7
aS'Bristol-Myers Squibb to Take Part in Cowen and Company 37th Annual Global ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Bristol-Myers Squibb Company  will present at the Cowen and Company 37th Annual Global Health Care Conference on Monday, March 6, 2017, in Boston.Time To Buy Bristol-Myers? - Seeking AlphaCarl Icahn Takes Aim at Bristol-Myers Squibb - Motley Fool'
p8
aS"Bristol-Myers Squibb's Valuation Compared to Its Peers' Market Realist - Mar 16, 2017 Headquartered in New York City, Bristol-Myers Squibb  is an American pharmaceutical company dealing in innovative medicines for patients with serious diseases in therapeutic areas such as virology, oncology, cardiovascular, neuroscience, and&nbsp;...Analyst's Predictions on Bristol-Myers Squibb Company , The Kroger Co.  - StockNewsJournalBristol-Myers Squibb Co  Position Lowered by Fiduciary Financial Services ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p9
aS'Bristol-Myers: A Massive Would-Be Takeover Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Carl Icahn is getting more interested in biotech, notably Bristol-Myers Squibb . For starters, Icahn has a stake in BMY, ... The thesis is that the $100 billion drug company might be a buyout target. Generally, the focus is on selling off ...'
p10
a.