(lp0
S'Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 3, 2017 Bank of the James Financial Group logo Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.  announced a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, January 24th.'
p1
aS'Raymond James Financial Inc.: Raymond James Financial reports February 2017 ... The Wall Street Transcript - 9 hours ago Raymond James Financial, Inc.  is a leading diversified financial services company providing private client group, capital markets, asset management, banking and other services to individuals, corporations and municipalities. The company has&nbsp;...Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'Former Chase executive joining Johnson Bank as president Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Mar 8, 2017 Former Milwaukee-area Chase Bank executive James R. Popp is joining Johnson Bank as president. Popp, who was Milwaukee market leader for Chase until this winter, also has been named executive vice president of Johnson Financial Group, the&nbsp;...Johnson Financial Group names Jim Popp President of Johnson Bank - urbanmilwaukee Jim Popp named Johnson Bank president - Journal Times'
p3
aS'Insider Trading Activity Bankwell Financial Group Inc   Director ... Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago On 5/15/2014 George P Bauer, Director, bought 138,889 with an average share price of $18.00 per share and the total transaction amounting to $2,500,002.00.'
p4
aS'MainSource Bank acquires wealth-management business in Kentucky Louisville Business First - Feb 22, 2017 On Feb. 17, Greensburg, Ind.-based MainSource Investment Services took over the assets and employees of First Service Capital Management Inc., which is located in Elizabethtown. The First Service team, along with firm owner Gary Bowers, will remain at&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Raymond James Wins Biggest Deal on $15 Billion Mobileye Sale Bloomberg - Mar 14, 2017 Raymond James Financial Inc., the investment bank that's been an afterthought for years among mergers-and-acquisitions dealmakers, won its largest-ever advisory role by helping Israel's Mobileye NV reach an agreement to sell itself to Intel Corp.In latest milestone, Raymond James Financial joining S&amp;P 500 index group of ... - Tampabay.com "
p6
aS"Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - Mar 19, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Outperform rating on Aecon Group  with a price target of C$19.00.The Aecon Group's  Outperform Rating Reiterated at Raymond James ... - Petro Global News 24Aecon Group Inc  Given Outperform Rating at Raymond James Financial, Inc. - BBNS"
p7
aS'James A. Fieber Sells 3238 Shares of Bankwell Financial Group Inc  Stock The Cerbat Gem - Mar 8, 2017 Bankwell Financial Group logo Bankwell Financial Group Inc  Director James A. Fieber sold 3,238 shares of Bankwell Financial Group stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.17, for a&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Tricon Capital Group Inc  Issued By National ... The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago Tricon Capital Group Inc  - National Bank Financial upped their FY2018 earnings per share  estimates for shares of Tricon Capital Group in a research note issued on Sunday. National Bank Financial analyst T. Johnson now anticipates that ...'
p9
aS'MOVES-Deutsche Bank, Colliers, FTI Consulting, Mitiska Yahoo Finance - 18 hours ago March 22  - The following financial services industry appointments were announced on Wednesday. To inform us of other job changes, ... PRINCIPAL GLOBAL INVESTORS. The asset management arm of Principal Financial Group Inc named Stuart Lawrence ...Deutsche Bank, Colliers, FTI Consulting, Mitiska - Times of India'
p10
a.