(lp0
S'BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 On March 15, 2017, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors  of Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  adopted the 2017 Short Term Incentive Plan . Under the 2017 Plan, certain of the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc  Continues Positive Momentum Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 Bridgepoint Education Inc  has ended in the black for consecutive sessions, indicating strong upward momentum. In taking a look at recent performance, we can see that shares have moved 7.46% over the past week, 3.18% over the past 4-weeks,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Bridgepoint Education Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Bridgepoint Education Inc Lifted by Analyst  - Sports Perspectives"
p3
aS'Is Bridgepoint Education Inc  Finding its Groove? Business Review - 13 hours ago Over the past five sessions, Bridgepoint Education Inc  has pulled in nice gains, moving higher 7.92% over the past five sessions.'
p4
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc. Continues Its Slow Bleed Motley Fool - Aug 6, 2015 While Bridgepoint Education  has thus far escaped the death sentence that some of its for-profit peers have experienced, it continues to struggle.'
p5
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc  Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP The Cerbat Gem - 15 hours ago Bridgepoint Education logo Two Sigma Investments LP increased its position in shares of Bridgepoint Education Inc  by 16.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Stock Returns: American Public Education Inc  versus Bridgepoint ... - CML News'
p6
aS"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Is Bridgepoint Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About Its ... - Simply Wall StBridgepoint Education Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p7
aS'Bridgepoint Education Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  harnesses the latest technology to reimagine the modern student experience. Bridgepoint owns two academic institutions - Ashford University and University of the Rockies.'
p8
aS'Bridgepoint Education: The Rise And Fall Seeking Alpha - Jun 23, 2016 Bridgepoint Education  has come a long way from the Warburg Pincus seed money received in 2003. The transformation of an underperforming Catholic college into the third largest degree granting university in the nation by fall 2012 churning&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Throwing In The Towel On Bridgepoint Education Seeking Alpha - Sep 14, 2016 For the record, the title and tone of this article was set before the disclosure Monday that Bridgepoint Education  had agreed to a consent order with the CFPB  relating to the marketing of private loans.Bridgepoint to refund $23.5 million to students - The San Diego Union-TribuneDoes Bridgepoint's $24 Million Settlement Indicate the Fed's War against For ... - University Herald"
p10
a.