(lp0
S'BRT Apartments Corp. Completes Conversion From Massachusetts Business Trust to ... Marketwired  - Mar 20, 2017 GREAT NECK, NY-- - BRT Apartments Corp.   announced it successfully completed a planned conversion to a Maryland corporation from a Massachusetts business trust.BRT Apartments Corp.  Files An 8-K Material Modification to Rights of ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Form 25-NSE BRT Realty Trust Filed by: NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE LLC StreetInsider.com - Mar 20, 2017 This Form 25 is being filed solely in connection with the discontinuation of the trading on the NYSE of BRT Realty Trusts shares of beneficial interest and does not affect the continued listing on the NYSE of BRT Apartments Corp. common stock. The ...'
p2
aS'Work for BRT terminus at Wagholi to begin soon Times of India - Nov 13, 2016 The Pune Municipal Corporation  has acquired about three acres for the terminus. A proposal to allot land was sanctioned by PMC about six month ago.'
p3
aS"Proposed BRT line could help catalyze more than $60M in development Milwaukee Business Journal - Dec 26, 2016 As part of their work, the UWM students analyzed the apartment and commercial development potential of vacant and under-used properties within a half-mile of the BRT's envisioned stations. They concluded those sites along the BRT line could sprout $60&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Plans for subways, shops on Delhi's BRT corridor, PWD invites suggestions from ... Hindustan Times - Feb 18, 2017 The Public Works Department  has invited suggestions from residents' of neighbouring areas for the layout plan to redesign the 5.8-kilometre Bus Rapid Transit  corridor project, which was scrapped in February 2016. ... During the meeting ..."
p5
aS'Transit officials offer tweaks to Geary BRT project San Francisco Examiner - Dec 26, 2016 A major overhaul of how buses and other traffic negotiate Geary Boulevard is set to reach a significant milestone early next year.'
p6
aS'Study shows potential for BRT on Highway 55 to Plymouth Finance and Commerce - Jan 21, 2015 Large employers in Medina, like Open Systems International Inc., could be served by bus rapid transit along Highway 55.'
p7
aS'County Plans for Bus Rapid Transit urbanmilwaukee - Jan 16, 2016 One possible solution, a new bus rapid transit line, is now under serious consideration by Milwaukee County officials. The county has begun evaluating proposals from transportation consultants to coordinate planning for a bus rapid transit line that ...'
p8
aS'Wake County officials talk Bus Rapid Transit with Virginia transportation execs Triangle Business Journal - Jul 8, 2016 Bus Rapid Transit  continues to be a hot topic in Wake County, where transit officials are trying to figure out how to smooth future commutes in the midst of continued growth.'
p9
aS'BRT REALTY TRUST  Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits Market Exclusive - Feb 6, 2017 BRT Realty Trust  is a real estate investment trust . The Trust owns, operates and develops multi-family properties, and commercial and mixed use real estate assets.'
p10
a.