(lp0
S"The Key to Jumpstarting Buffalo Wild Wings Barron's - 9 hours ago Delivery could be a major sales driver, however, and Buffalo Wild Wings has now rolled it out at 100 of its company-owned locations . The early results are very positive -- the company says ...The Sally J. Smith Sells 2000 Shares of Buffalo Wild Wings  Stock - Petro Global News 24Buffalo Wild Wings  PT Lowered to $162.00 - Chaffey Breeze"
p1
aS'Buffalo Wild Wings giving away free wings for a year at Athens grand opening News Courier - Mar 18, 2017 The grand opening of Buffalo Wild Wings in Athens is 11 a.m. Monday, March 20. The restaurant will reward the first 100 people through the door with a coupon book good for one free snack, traditional or boneless wings, once a week, for an entire year.Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.  - Our Conclusion: - Seeking AlphaBuffalo Wild Wings in Athens holds grand opening - whnt.com'
p2
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings 'hits the button' for March Madness Campaign US - Mar 16, 2017 Thirty-three years ago, a prescient individual walked into a Buffalo Wild Wingsknown to loyalists as &quot;B-Dubs&quot;and asked the bartender to switch the channel from MTV to one airing the local game.Buffalo Wild Wings Launches New March Madness Campaign With Four Commercials - SportsBusiness Daily Buffalo Wild Wings Launches We Do It For You Campaign Tied to NCAA March ... - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"Working Lunch: Buffalo Wild Wings and the scheduling debate Nation's Restaurant News - Mar 17, 2017 One of the leading voices in the restrictive scheduling debate is Tim Ehlert, director of government relations for Buffalo Wild Wings. He joins the Align Public Strategies team this week to discuss the benefits of educating policymakers about the need ...St. Paddy's Day Madness at Buffalo Wild Wings - Your News NowInsider Trading at Buffalo Wild Wings? - BBNS"
p4
aS"Social Studies: Buffalo Wild Wings' Bob Ruhland On March Madness, College ... SportsBusiness Daily  - Mar 21, 2017 Buffalo Wild Wings  has tried to position itself as part of sports' social experience. The restaurant chain's VP/Marketing Bob Ruhland said, &quot;We bill ourselves as the sports fan's biggest fan."
p5
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings franchisees side with CEO in investor fight Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Mar 14, 2017 A group representing most Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. franchisees has come out in support of company management in its struggle with an activist investor looking to upend the company's strategy and board of directors.Franchisees throw support behind Buffalo Wild Wings - Meat & Poultry Federated Investors Inc. PA Sells 256 Shares of Buffalo Wild Wings  - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS"Investor Turns Up the Heat at Buffalo Wild Wings Barron's - Mar 10, 2017 A top investor at Buffalo Wild Wings thinks that management there isn't putting its money where its mouth is. Mick McGuire, founder of activist hedge fund Marcato Capital Management, owns 5.6% of the company's shares.Buffalo Wild Wings execs have 'not put their money where their mouth is ... - CNBC"
p7
aS"Franchisee group backs Buffalo Wild Wings management in tussle with activist Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 13, 2017 &quot;We think Buffalo Wild Wings' recipe for success is not one to be altered to accommodate a short-term and uncertain vision by a minority shareholder group,&quot; Mark Jones, vice chairman of the group, called Franchise Business Services, said in a statement.Buffalo Wild Wings BOGO deal Monday - WRAL.com"
p8
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings hiring workers for Athens restaurant opening in March AL.com - Feb 27, 2017 The chicken wings restaurant and sports bar will host open interviews from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.Here's the brutal presentation that an activist investor just published about ... - Business InsiderActivist investor Marcato turns up heat on Buffalo Wild Wings - Channel NewsAsia"
p9
aS'Louisville Cardinals featured in new Buffalo Wild Wings commerci - WDRB 41 ... WDRB - Mar 16, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky.  -- The Louisville Cardinals are featured in a new Buffalo Wild Wings commercial. The commercial is for the NCAA tournament.'
p10
a.