(lp0
S"Scientific Games Buys Bally in $3.3 Billion Gaming Deal Bloomberg - Aug 1, 2014 Scientific Games Corp. agreed to acquire Bally Technologies Inc. for about $3.3 billion, excluding net debt, buying up a bigger rival as consolidation in the slot-machine industry accelerates.Scientific Games strikes $3.3B deal to buy Bally - Crain's New York Business"
p1
aS"Gaming regulators accept fine of $125000 for Bally Technologies Inc. Las Vegas Review-Journal - Jan 23, 2014 The Nevada Gaming Commission on Thursday accepted slot machine maker Bally Technologies Inc.'s $125,000 fine that settled a 28-count complaint with state gaming regulators, but at least one member of the panel thought the penalty wasn't high enough.Gaming commissioner: Cantor's record fine sets mark as warning - Las Vegas Sun"
p2
aS'Bally Technologies Agrees to Buy SHFL for $1.3 Billion Bloomberg - Jul 16, 2013 Bally Technologies Inc. agreed to buy SHFL Entertainment Inc. for about $1.3 billion in a deal that combines two complementary gaming-technology companies.Bally Technologies, Inc. to Acquire SHFL Entertainment, Inc. - PR Newswire Bally Technologies in $1.3 Billion Deal for Casino Games Maker - New York Times'
p3
aS"Scientific Games completes $5.1 billion acquisition of Bally Las Vegas Review-Journal - Nov 21, 2014 Ronald O. Perelman,left, chairman of Scientific Games, talks to Barry F. Schwartz, Scientific Games executive vice chairman, during the Nevada Gaming Control Board hearing on the company's buyout of Bally Technologies on Thursday, Nov. 20, 2014 at the&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Bally Technologies, Inc. to Acquire Leading Social Casino Company Dragonplay Ltd. Business Wire  - Jun 5, 2014 LAS VEGAS----Bally Technologies, Inc.  , a leader in gaming machines, table game products, casino-management systems, interactive applications, and networked and server-based systems for the&nbsp;...Bally Technologies acquires DragonPlay for $100m - GlobesBally Technologies to buy social gaming company for $100 million - Las Vegas Review-Journal'
p5
aS'Bally Technologies bringing back previous CEO VEGAS INC - May 15, 2014 In an abrupt reversal, Bally Technologies CEO Ramesh Srinivasan is being replaced at the helm by the man he replaced less than a year and a half ago - the same one who recruited Srinivasan to the company, no less. The Las Vegas slot-machine maker&nbsp;...Bally Technologies, Inc. Appoints Richard Haddrill Chief Executive Officer - Business Wire '
p6
aS'Bally Technologies  to be Acquired by Scientific Games Corporation in $5 ... InvestorGuide - Aug 4, 2014 Shares of Bally Technologies Inc.  were up +3.30 or +4.25 percent to $81.00 per share in pre-market trading on Monday, after the company announced Friday it had agreed to be acquired by Scientific Games Corporation  for $83.30 per share in&nbsp;...Slot machine maker Scientific Games to buy rival Bally - Reuters UKScientific Games To Buy Bally Technologies - CBS Local'
p7
aS'Bally Technologies completes Dragonplay acquisition Gaming Intelligence Group  - Jul 4, 2014 Additionally, with the majority of its revenues generated from smartphones and tablets, Dragonplay has proven remarkable foresight and leadership in the mobile space, which is the fastest growing segment of social gaming.'
p8
aS"Bally Technologies Announces Enterprise-Wide Systems Agreement with Boyd ... Business Wire  - Feb 3, 2014 Boyd Gaming Corporation plans to deploy Bally Technologies' iVIEW Display Manager  with Elite Bonusing Suite across 18 Boyd Gaming casino properties in seven states, including Nevada.Bally Technologies, Boyd Gaming enter slot machine agreement - Las Vegas Review-Journal"
p9
aS'Bally Technologies and Interblock Sign Online Content Agreement Business Wire  - Jun 13, 2013 LAS VEGAS----Bally Technologies, Inc. , a leader in slots, video machines, casino-management, interactive applications, and networked and server-based systems for the global gaming industry, today announced an agreement&nbsp;...'
p10
a.