(lp0
S'CA Inc. To Pay $45 Million For Alleged False Claims On Government-Wide ... Exchange News Direct - Mar 10, 2017 CA Inc.  has agreed to pay $45 million to resolve allegations under the False Claims Act that it made false statements and claims in the negotiation and administration of a General Services Administration  contract, the Department of Justice&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'CA Inc.  Signs Deal to Buy Veracode for $614 Million Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Information technology  management software company, CA Inc. CA recently announced that it has inked a deal to acquire Veracode, a Burlington security software company.CA Technologies To Acquire Veracode For Application Security Testing - Seeking AlphaTop Stock Picking  CA, Inc. , Amkor Technology, Inc.  - Wall Street Times '
p2
aS'CA Inc to pay $45 mln to resolve false claims allegations -US Justice Dept Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 10 Information technology firm CA Inc has agreed to pay $45 million to resolve allegations it made false statements and claims involving a U.S.'
p3
aS'CA Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for CA Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p4
aS'CA, Inc. : Some of the key technical areas USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago With all other things going on, CA, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 0.3 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock.'
p5
aS'CA, Inc.  To Part Ways With $45 Mln In A Move To Resolve False ... Journal Transcript - Mar 15, 2017 CA, Inc. , which happens to be one of the leading Information technology firms has resolved to put its house in order after the long brawl involving allegations over it making some allegedly false claims regarding U.S.'
p6
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Alphabet Inc. , CA, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 21, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of CA, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 9.53 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 10.20 and ..."
p7
aS"CA, Inc.  Ducks Under The Trend Line Midway Monitor - 17 hours ago CA, Inc.  shares have experienced a recent steady downtrend, causing some concern for shareholders. In order to gauge which way a stock is trending, you must compare a stock's share price to its moving average."
p8
aS'CA, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by Analysts Sports Perspectives - 18 hours ago CA logo CA, Inc.  has been assigned a consensus rating of Hold from the fourteen brokerages that are currently covering the stock.'
p9
aS'CA, Inc.  Makes It Very Clear Through These Technicals NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The technicals for CA, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p10
a.