(lp0
S'Cal-Maine Foods Inc.  Plunges 5.23% on March 22 Equities.com - 8 hours ago Cal-Maine Foods Inc.  had a rough trading day for Wednesday March 22 as shares tumbled 5.23%, or a loss of $-2.05 per share, to close at $37.15.The Zacks Investment Research Lowers Cal-Maine Foods Inc  to Hold - Petro Global News 24Analyst Activity  DA Davidson Reiterates Buy on Cal-Maine Foods  - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS"Why Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Stock Dropped 12% in May Motley Fool - Jun 7, 2016 Now what: As a commodity business, Cal-Maine's profits can be volatile, but the company's acquisition strategy has delivered results as its share price has more than tripled over the last five years."
p2
aS'Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Announces Release Date for Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.  today announced that the Company will release its third quarter fiscal 2017 financial results on Monday, March 27, 2017.Stock Returns: Treehouse Foods Inc  is Beating Cal-Maine Foods Inc ... - CML NewsCommon Share Dividend Yield of Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.  - Energy Index'
p3
aS"Why Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Stock Fell 16.1% in September Motley Fool - Oct 12, 2016 Shares of Cal-Maine Foods Inc.  fell 16.1% in September, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, as investors anticipated the egg producer's disappointing fiscal first-quarter 2017 results."
p4
aS'Cal-Maine Foods: Not Good Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 I want to reiterate that for the long-term, I was impressed with the opportunity in the name, because chances are, if you have ever made or have been out for breakfast in the United States, you have very likely indirectly done business with this company.Cal-Maine Foods Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results - Business Wire '
p5
aS"Cal-Maine Foods: A Golden Egg Seeking Alpha - May 25, 2016 The brand I always reach for in the store is Egg-Land's Best, which just so happens to be a brand carried by Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. is the largest egg producer in the world. They operate under the Egg-Land's Best, Land O Lake,&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Why Cal-Maine Foods Is A Buy Seeking Alpha - Sep 6, 2016 Now looking at Cal-Maine Foods, I believe this company falls in with Warren Buffett's strategy of buying a wonderful business at a fair price, rather than a fair company at a wonderful price. This article will provide evidences and justifications as to ..."
p7
aS"Cal-Maine Foods: A New Acquisition, Negative Margins, Cash Burn - And Where's ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 Cal-Maine recently announced a definitive agreement to acquire the egg production assets of Happy Hen Egg Farms, Inc. This deal is going to occur during one of Cal-Maine's tougher operating environments; margins have declined substantially as shell egg&nbsp;...Cal-Maine to purchase assets of Happy Hen Egg Farms - Meat & Poultry Cal-Maine Foods acquiring egg assets of Happy Hen Egg Farms - Feedstuffs"
p8
aS"Cal-Maine Foods: Earnings Slump Could Be Worse Than Expected Seeking Alpha - Nov 14, 2016 Most investors agree Cal-Maine is well-managed, efficient and generates consistent profits under normal conditions. However, the egg market is currently in an 'outlier' situation where prices are behaving unlike any period in the past decade."
p9
aS'Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Closes Acquisition of Egg Production Assets of Happy Hen ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.  today announced that it has closed the previously announced acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Happy Hen Egg Farms, Inc. and affiliates, relating to their commercial production, processing, distribution and ...'
p10
a.