(lp0
S'Cameron International Corporation  Broker Price Targets For The ... Fiscal Standard - Feb 19, 2016 02/01/2016 - Cameron International Corporation had its outperform rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets.'
p1
aS"Cameron International Corporation's Earnings Leave Cause for Concern in 2015 Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2015 Falling oil prices didn't impact oil and gas equipment and services provider Cameron International Corporation  last quarter, or so it appears based on the just-released fourth-quarter earnings report.Cameron International Q4 Earnings Top, Revenues Lag - Zacks.com"
p2
aS"Schlumberger to Buy Cameron International for $12.7 Billion Wall Street Journal - Aug 26, 2015 Schlumberger Ltd., the world's largest oil-field service company, said Wednesday it would buy smaller rival Cameron International Corp. for $12.7 billion in cash and stock. Consolidation is expected across the energy sector as companies struggle with ...Schlumberger Announces Merger with Houston-based Cameron International Corp. - Houston PressSchlumberger to Buy Cameron in $14.8 Billion Oil Services Deal - Bloomberg"
p3
aS"3 Reasons Cameron International Corp.'s Stock Could Fall Motley Fool - Aug 13, 2014 Earlier this week, I wrote this article highlighting three things that could lead to Cameron International's  stock continuing to rise."
p4
aS"Jack Moore, CEO of Cameron International Corp., which has sold its offshore ... Houston Business Journal - Aug 31, 2015 The Letourneau designs include jackup leg components, elevating units and skidding systems. With the acquisition, Keppel O&amp;M will be able to sell and deliver the rig designs to ship yards as well as take on customers that need help repairing Cameron's&nbsp;...Keppel acquires Cameron International's rig business - Splash 247Keppel O&amp;M to Acquire Cameron's Offshore Rig Business for $100M - Rigzone"
p5
aS"Cameron International Is In For A World Of Hurt Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2016 Q4 revenue from Cameron's Subsea segment fell 7% Q/Q. It will likely fall further given the dearth in deep water equipment orders."
p6
aS"3 Reasons Cameron International Corp.'s Stock Could Rise Motley Fool - Aug 12, 2014 Cameron is one of the world's biggest suppliers of drilling equipment, both offshore and onshore. Last year, 59% of the company's total revenues, and 59% of its before-tax profits  were ...Cameron OneSubsea, Schlumberger, Helix Energy in Tech Deal - Zacks.com"
p7
aS"Despite Falling Oil Prices, Cameron International Corporation Reports Strong ... Motley Fool - Oct 23, 2014 Cameron's Surface segment grew orders 35% last quarter. Source: Cameron International. Oil and natural gas industry equipment maker Cameron International Corporation's  third-quarter earnings per share of $1.17 -- adjusted for one-time&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Sell Cameron Before Schlumberger Invokes Its MAC-Out Clause Seeking Alpha - Dec 21, 2015 In a shot in the arm to the oilfield services sector, in August Schlumberger  announced it was acquiring Cameron International  for $66 per share -- a 56% premium to its previous share price. The entire oilfield services sector ...'
p9
aS"Cameron: Will 'Industry Crisis' Cause Schlumberger To Walk? Seeking Alpha - Apr 1, 2016 It could give Schlumberger cause to walk away from its acquisition of Cameron International . Cameron's merger agreement likely includes a material adverse change &quot;MAC&quot; clause which allows Schlumberger to terminate the transaction in case&nbsp;..."
p10
a.