(lp0
S'ID Systems Signs Exclusive Agreement with Avis Budget Group for the Deployment ... Nasdaq - Mar 20, 2017 WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., March 20, 2017  -- I.D. Systems, Inc. and Avis Budget Group, Inc.Stock Price of Avis Budget Group, Inc.  Decreases -1.03% - Highland Mirror'
p1
aS"Avis Budget Group Honored as One of America's Top Corporations for Women's ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J., March 13, 2017  -- Avis Budget Group, Inc.  has been featured on the annual list of America's Top Corporations for Women's Business Enterprises  by the Women's Business Enterprise National&nbsp;...Avis Budget Group Inc., AB Car Rental Services Inc. accused of pregnancy ... - Florida Record"
p2
aS"Avis Budget Group, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 The Americas segment provides and licenses the Company's brands to third parties for vehicle rentals and ancillary products and services in North America, South America, Central America and the Caribbean, and operates its car sharing business in ...The Warning Sign That Sent Shares of Hertz Global and Avis Budget Lower Today - Motley FoolAvis Budget Group, Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with the ... - Free Observer"
p3
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Avis Budget Group, Inc.  ? The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Avis Budget Group, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p4
aS"Avis Budget Group - A Thought Experiment Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Avis Budget Group, Inc.  caught multiple equity analyst downgrades last week after release of its Q4'16 financial results, but unlike Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. , Avis has been generating stable cash flow and is not headed toward ...Insider Trading Activity Avis Budget Group Inc.   Director Sold ... - Market ExclusiveAvis Budget Group, Inc. , GNC Holdings, Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of ... - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS"Avis Budget Group Announces Closing of 250 Million Senior Notes Offering and ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J., March 08, 2017  -- Avis Budget Group, Inc.  announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Avis Budget Finance plc, has completed an offering of 250 million aggregate principal amount of 4.5% Senior&nbsp;...What are Analyst's Indicators for Tesoro Corporation , Avis Budget Group ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Avis Budget Group Inc Stock Volatility Hits An ... CML News - 16 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Avis Budget Group Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at an unsually high level.'
p7
aS'Stock Watch: Examining the Levels on Shares of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (NASDAQ ... Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Looking at shares of Avis Budget Group, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 14953050. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p8
aS'Analyst Sentiment Outlines Long Term Upside for Avis Budget Group, Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 5 hours ago Avis Budget Group, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research. With their stock price currently trading around $29.32, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the past few years.'
p9
aS'Option Market Alert: Avis Budget Group Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Avis Budget Group Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p10
a.