(lp0
S"Optimistic retail sales report boosts Caterpillar stock price Peoria Journal Star - Mar 20, 2017 PEORIA - Retail sales of Caterpillar Inc. equipment posted significant gains in Asian and Pacific markets in the three-month period that ended in February, lifting worldwide machinery sales to nearly the same level as a year ago.Caterpillar's stock leads Dow gainers after encouraging machine retail sales data - MarketWatch"
p1
aS'Caterpillar Inc.  Closes Flat on the Day for March 22 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Shares of Caterpillar Inc.  ended the trading day Wednesday at $92.43, representing a move of 0%, or $0 per share, on volume of 5.03 million shares.Caterpillar Inc. Posted losses of -3.11% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverBrokerages Set Caterpillar Inc.  Target Price at $92.26 - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS"Caterpillar hires former US attorney general after raid The State Journal-Register - Mar 17, 2017 PEORIA -- Caterpillar Inc. is hiring a former U.S. attorney general to help it sort out matters that sparked a federal raid on its headquarters in central Illinois.New Caterpillar CEO Asks Former US Attorney General to Assess and Help Address ... - PR Newswire Caterpillar seeks ex-US att'y general's help over govt probe - CNBC"
p3
aS'Caterpillar Inc shares tumble most in 3 months after Federal Agents raid three ... Financial Post - Mar 2, 2017 Fred Zwicky/Journal Star via APFederal officials execute a search warrant at the Caterpillar, Inc. facility in Morton, Ill.3 Federal Agencies Raid Caterpillar Offices - BenzingaCaterpillar Goes From White House Kudos to Multi-Agency Raid - Bloomberg'
p4
aS'Caterpillar Inc Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - 12 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Caterpillar Inc  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF.'
p5
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Caterpillar ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 16, 2017 To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Caterpillar, Inc.   between February 19, 2013 and March 1, 2017.'
p6
aS'EOD Risers: 3M Co, Apple Inc., Caterpillar Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., EI Du ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 21, 2017 The stock price for Caterpillar Inc. ticker code:  a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives, stepped up 2.68% or 2.49 points during the course ...'
p7
aS"Caterpillar Tax Probe Gathers Steam Wall Street Journal  - Mar 11, 2017 For Jim Umpleby, who took charge as Caterpillar's chief executive little more than two months ago, an escalating criminal investigation threatens to upstage the heavy-machinery maker's efforts to regain footing in global construction and mining markets."
p8
aS'RM LAW Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against Caterpillar, Inc. PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 BERWYN, Pa., March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- RM LAW, P.C. announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed in United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on behalf of all persons or entities that purchased Caterpillar, Inc ...'
p9
aS"Government report accuses Caterpillar of 'deliberate' tax fraud Peoria Journal Star - Mar 8, 2017 PEORIA - A government-commissioned report possibly connected to the search warrants executed at the Caterpillar Inc. headquarters last week found the company engaged in tax and accounting fraud through a network of foreign subsidiaries.Did Axiom's Gordon Johnson Call Caterpillar's Accounting Woes 2 Years Ago? - BenzingaIs Caterpillar Inc.  Stock About to Be a Takeover Target? - Investorplace.com"
p10
a.