(lp0
S'China Biologic Products Inc. Bottom Line Advances 31% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017  - China Biologic Products Inc.  revealed a profit for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.Stock Returns: Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus China ... - CML NewsChina Biologic Reports Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal ... - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'China Biologic Products: An Alternative To The US Sector Seeking Alpha - May 17, 2016 China Biologic Products Inc. is a mid cap biotech focused on plasma based technology. The firm manufactures twenty products for use in emergency rooms and in the treatment of immuno-deficiency related illnesses.'
p2
aS'Analyst Upside Underscores Impressive Growth for China Biologic Products, Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 6 hours ago China Biologic Products, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.Analysts Set $131.67 Target Price for China Biologic Products Inc  - Chaffey BreezeChina Biologic Products, Inc.  Continuing to Trade Below Moving ... - Midway Monitor'
p3
aS'Why Could China Biologic Products Inc  Not Be As Efficient As Its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 China Biologic Products Inc , with a ROE of 26.1% over the past twelve months, appeared relatively inefficient compared to the broader industry, which averaged 27.48% ROE.Insider Trading Activity China Biologic Products, Inc.   CEO ... - Market ExclusiveChina Biologic Products Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS'Option Trading: China Biologic Products Inc  Powerful Short Put ... CML News - 19 hours ago We find a very powerful outcome examining short put spreads for China Biologic Products Inc when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p5
aS'China Biologic Products Becomes Oversold  Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 In trading on Tuesday, shares of China Biologic Products Inc  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 28.4, after changing hands as low as $100.10 per share.'
p6
aS"China Biologic Has A Wide Moat And Hedges Geographic Risk Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 China Biologic Products does not face the same political pressure faced by U.S based healthcare firms. It's industry is protected by the government."
p7
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in China Biologic Products Inc  CML News - Mar 20, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in China Biologic Products Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p8
aS'Sell-side is Weighing in on China Biologic Products, Inc.  Earnings Aiken Advocate - 15 hours ago Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company.'
p9
aS'China Biologic Acquires Full Ownership of Guizhou Taibang PR Newswire  - Oct 26, 2016 BEIJING, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China Biologic Products, Inc. , a leading fully integrated plasma-based biopharmaceutical company in China, today announced that Guizhou Taibang Biological&nbsp;...'
p10
a.