(lp0
S'Ciber, Inc.  to Sell Its Infor Practice To Infor StreetInsider.com - Mar 20, 2017 Ciber, Inc. , a leading global information technology consulting, services and outsourcing company, today announced an agreement to sell its Infor Practice to Infor, a leading provider of beautiful business applications specialized by ...'
p1
aS"Ciber selling more assets: This one sells for $15M 9NEWS.com - Mar 21, 2017 DENVER BUSINESS JOURNAL - Ciber Inc. continues to sell its assets, with its latest divestiture selling for $15 million. Greenwood Village-based Ciber  said it's selling its Infor Practice division to Infor, a software company based in New ...Ciber to sell Infor division; delays 10-K filing - Staffing Industry AnalystsStocks Retreat on New Development: Ciber, Inc. , Advanced Micro ... - Street Wise Report "
p2
aS"Ciber says it received Ameri Holdings's offer, but says little else Denver Business Journal - Mar 14, 2017 Ciber Inc. said Tuesday that it has received Ameri Holdings Inc.'s offer to buy the company at 75 cents per share, but said little else.AMERI100 Offers to Merge with CIBER - Yahoo FinanceCiber, Inc.  to Review Offer From Ameri Holdings - StreetInsider.com"
p3
aS"Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Ciber, Inc. , TransUnion  StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Ciber, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -56.07 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 15.55 and&nbsp;...Which insiders are trading Ciber, Inc. ? - Post AnalystStock Under Focus: Ciber, Inc.  - The Oracle Examiner"
p4
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up Ciber Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Ciber Inc.  reported that Legion Partners Asset Management, Llc."
p5
aS'Ciber wins more time to pay back Wells Fargo Denver Business Journal - Mar 6, 2017 Ciber Inc. has won more time and now has until March 31 to pay back the $28.2 million it owes on a Wells Fargo credit line.'
p6
aS"Beverly Hills hedge fund wants to add two candidates to Ciber's board Denver Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 A Beverly Hills hedge fund wants to add two of its candidates to the board of Ciber Inc. Legion Partners Asset Management, which owns about 15 percent of the shares of the Greenwood Village-based IT outsourcing company , said it plans to&nbsp;...Ciber, Inc.  Corfirms Legion Partner Asset Mgmt's Intent to Nominate Two ... - StreetInsider.comCIBER, Inc.  Shares Sold by Royce &amp; Associates LP - BNB Daily "
p7
aS'CIBER,Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 Ciber, Inc.  is a global information technology  services company. The Company operates in two segments: North America and International.Analytical Guide for Joy Global Inc. , Ciber, Inc.  Stakeholders - The USA CommerceCiber, Inc.  held by 21 SEC 13F Filers - Post Analyst'
p8
aS"BRIEF-Ciber agrees to sell its Infor practice to Infor Reuters - Mar 20, 2017 March 20 Ciber Inc: * Ciber announces agreement to sell its Infor practice to Infor. * Ciber Inc - employees from Ciber's Infor practice will transition to Infor when transaction closes."
p9
aS'CIBER,Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Ciber, Inc.  is a global information technology  services company. The Company operates in two segments: North America and International.'
p10
a.