(lp0
S"Cobalt Coal Ltd. Announces Receipt of Default Notice from Virginia Property ... Marketwired  - Jan 9, 2014 Cobalt Coal Ltd.   announces that it has received a notice of rescission of the Share Purchase and Sale agreement from the vendors of the Virginia properties that were previously disclosed in Cobalt's ..."
p1
aS'The Executive Chairman of Cobalt Coal Ltd. , Peter Chase Sold 500 ... MoneyMakingArticles - 19 hours ago After the disclosing of a document filled with Security Exchange Commission; an important and large insider deal became apparent. The Executive Chairman of Chase Corp, Peter Chase; executed a huge deal in the open market by unloading 500 shares at&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Warning Cobalt Coal Ltd.  optimists! Peter Chase just Sold 1000 ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 17, 2017 It dived, as 8 investors sold Cobalt Coal Ltd. shares while 34 reduced holdings. 15 funds opened positions while 38 raised stakes.'
p3
aS'Tigers Realm Coal Ltd receives government support, shares rise Proactive Investors Australia - Sep 16, 2016 The primary purpose of this agreement is to further strengthen the relationship and co-operation between Tigers Realm and the government in developing the Beringovsky coking coal basin and constructing the necessary transport, logistics and energy&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Tigers Realm Coal Ltd closing in on low cost coking coal production in 2016 Proactive Investors Australia - Aug 9, 2016 Tigers Realm recently completed an update to its November 2014 Feasibility Study for Project F located within Amaam North, based on a substantial increase in Coal resources defined since then. The key outcomes of the update to the feasibility study for&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Australian Pacific Coal Ltd acquires 100% of Dartbrook coal mine Proactive Investors Australia - May 18, 2016 This was after Marubeni exercised its tag-along right to sell its 16.7% interest in Dartbrook to AQC. Anglo had already signed a binding agreement to sell its 83.3% interest to AQC.'
p6
aS"Pacific American Coal Ltd triggers investment in graphene coatings developer Proactive Investors Australia - Jun 3, 2016 Pacific American Coal Ltd's  has completed the acquisition of a 20% stake in Imagine Intelligent Materials, an Australian developer of graphene-based coatings for industrial textiles and fibres."
p7
aS'Dragon Energy Ltd to acquire cobalt-gold project in Western Australia Proactive Investors Australia - Sep 14, 2016 Jonathan King, recently appointed managing director, commented: The sheer scale and grade of the project relative to its peers presents a compelling investment opportunity to capitalise on the recently forecasted shift in demand for cobalt in cathodes ...'
p8
aS'Prairie Mining Ltd pushes ahead with strategic Polish coal project Proactive Investors Australia - May 25, 2016 Prairie Mining Ltd  has submitted a mining concession application at the Lublin Coal Project in Poland, where a pre-feasibility study  had confirmed the robust economics and technical viability of the project.'
p9
aS'Broken Hill Prospecting Ltd opens SPP to advance Thackaringa Cobalt Project Proactive Investors Australia - Jul 5, 2016 Broken Hill Prospecting Ltd  will complete its capital raising program with a share purchase plan  to advance the 100% owned Thackaringa Cobalt Project near Broken Hill. The SPP will offer shareholders the opportunity to purchase ...'
p10
a.