(lp0
S'Crown Castle International Corp.   Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - 9 hours ago Crown Castle International Corp.   traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock gained 1.12% to close at $91.72.News Buzz Altria Group Inc , Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT ... - Daily News JournalStock Price of Crown Castle International Corporation  Decreases -0.53% - Highland Mirror'
p1
aS'Wireless REIT Crown Castle: Dependable DGI Comfort In A Chaotic World Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 However, double-digit constant currency growth rates internationally can be buffeted by forex headwinds. Recently, cash AFFO per share growth has been hit by adjustments due to a strong dollar.FDO Partners LLC Buys New Stake in Crown Castle International Corporation  - Sports Perspectives'
p2
aS'Wireless Tower REIT Crown Castle - A DGI Buying Opportunity Once Again? Seeking Alpha - Nov 29, 2016 Crown Castle is the only one of three such companies solely focused on top US markets. This is both good news and bad news, because the US is a more mature market when it comes to smartphone adoption.Is Crown Castle International Corp.  a Good Stock To Buy? - Insider Monkey '
p3
aS'Wireless REIT Crown Castle: Can Small Cells Become A Big Moat? Seeking Alpha - Apr 27, 2016 The growth of wireless data is a secular tailwind for Crown Castle International and its publicly traded peers, American Tower and SBA Communications.'
p4
aS"Wireless Tower REIT: Crown Castle's CFO Brown Explains 'Small Cell' Economics Seeking Alpha - Sep 11, 2015 Crown Castle International is the only communication tower REIT focused entirely on U.S. wireless markets. The third-party tower mast ownership business model has resulted in outstanding returns and growth over the last 10 years."
p5
aS"Crown Castle CEO Explains Tower REIT's Recession-Resistant Dividend Growth Model Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2016 Crown Castle International is the only communication tower REIT focused entirely on U.S. wireless markets. Wireless tower REITs control the land and own the steel structures which the carriers use to send and receive signals to your smartphone and ..."
p6
aS'Crown Castle: A High-Yield REIT Paying Safe, Growing Dividends Seeking Alpha - Jun 4, 2016 Crown Castle has a very reliable business model that generates high margins and reliable free cash flow. The company should benefit as demand for data and wireless connectivity continues to grow, allowing it to consistently increase its earnings and&nbsp;...A High-Yield REIT Paying Safe, Growing Dividends - GuruFocus.com'
p7
aS'Banco Santander, SA   &amp; Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT ... Daily News Journal - 18 hours ago On Tuesday, Shares of Banco Santander, S.A.   showed no change to $6.00. The share price is trading in a range of $6.00 - 6.20.'
p8
aS'Frontier Communications Corp  &amp; Crown Castle International Corp ... Daily News Journal - Mar 21, 2017 On Monday, Shares of Frontier Communications Corp  lost -2.43% to $2.41. The share price is trading in a range of $2.39 - 2.51.'
p9
aS"Tower REIT Crown Castle Expanding Small Cell Technology reit.com - Jun 22, 2016 Ben Moreland, executive vice chairman of Crown Castle International Corp. , joined REIT.com for a video interview at REITWeek 2016: NAREIT's Investor Forum at the Waldorf Astoria New York."
p10
a.