(lp0
S'Trading Scope: Checking the Numbers for Cadence Design Systems Inc  The Standard - 10 hours ago Cadence Design Systems Inc  has a current 14 day Williams %R reading of -29.35. Levels can range from 0 to -100. A Williams %R that falls between -80 to -100 is typically viewed as being in strong oversold territory.'
p1
aS"Cadence Achieves Certification for TSMC's 7nm Process Technology PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  today announced several new capabilities resulting from its close collaboration with TSMC to further 7nm FinFET design innovation for mobile and&nbsp;...Cadence Expands Capabilities of Integrated Design and Analysis Flow for TSMC ... - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS'Media Alert: Cadence Showcases IP and Design Solutions for Automotive ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 FELDKIRCHEN, Germany, March 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  will showcase its latest Tensilica DSPs and design tools targeted for automotive applications at embedded world 2017. The demonstrations will&nbsp;...Is It Time to go for Cadence Design Systems, Inc. , ILG, Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'Renesas Accelerates IoT Design Using the Cadence Perspec System Verifier PR Newswire  - 16 hours ago SAN JOSE, Calif., March 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  today announced that Renesas has used the Cadence Perspec System Verifier to verify its new micro-controller unit  design for internet of things&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Alango Voice Communication and Voice Enhancement Packages Now Available for ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  today announced its collaboration with Alango Technologies Ltd.Waves Nx VR Audio Technology Now Available for Cadence Tensilica HiFi Audio DSPs - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"Long Term Growth Stock in Review: Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 8 hours ago Shaers of Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  have been recommended as a long term growth pick. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $31.78, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the recent years."
p6
aS"Cadence Named One of Fortune &quot;100 Best Companies to Work For&quot; in 2017 PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 The company's System Design Enablement strategy helps customers develop differentiated products in mobile, consumer, cloud datacenter, automotive, aerospace, IoT, industrial and other market segments."
p7
aS"Technicals in Focus for Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 20, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Cadence Design Systems, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS'Cadence Design Systems  Launches Protium S1 FPGA-Based Prototyping ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 27, 2017 Cadence Design Systems, Inc.  today announced the new Protium S1 FPGA-Based Prototyping Platform, which incorporates innovative implementation algorithms to boost engineering productivity.'
p9
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: Cadence Design Systems, Inc., The News Journal - 15 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for Cadence Design Systems, Inc. is valued at 8784.04. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a stable ...Dodge &amp; Cox Takes Position in Cadence Design Systems Inc  - BNB Daily Today's Brokerage Rating: Cadence Design Systems, Inc. , Nordstrom, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.