(lp0
S'Traders Secrets on Cempra, Inc. , Bill Barrett Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Cempra, Inc.  have shown a high EPS growth of -13.20% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -12.10% yoy.'
p1
aS"Roth Capital Gets Bullish on Cempra Inc  Following Phase 3 Trial Success Smarter Analyst - Feb 27, 2017 Cempra Inc  shares are rising close to 6% today on back of the biotech firm's reveal that Phase 3 data read-outs in the first study of two skin infection  studies with its fusidic acid pill Taksta have met both primary as well as ...Cempra's bacterial skin infection drug clears study, shares surge - ReutersRoth Capital Upgrades Cempra, Inc.  to Buy Ahead Of Bone Data In 2017 - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS'Cempra Inc.  Soars 9.09% on March 20 Equities.com - Mar 20, 2017 Cempra Inc.  had a good day on the market for Monday March 20 as shares jumped 9.09% to close at $4.20. About 1.97 million shares traded hands on 6,150 trades for the day, compared with an average daily volume of 2.6 million shares out of a total&nbsp;...Momentum Stock in Focus: Cempra Inc  - Post RegistrarWhich insiders are trading Cempra, Inc. ? - Post Analyst'
p3
aS"Another Crash Snuffs Out The Cempra Rally Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Cempra's  mini-rally did not last long. A phase III failure of its lead antibiotic, solithromycin, in gonorrhoea has cancelled out last week's gains from positive results with its second-most advanced asset, Taksta.A Technical Look At 2 Stocks: Cempra, Inc. , Crocs, Inc.  - Post AnalystCempra Inc  Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of  Per Share - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS'Cempra Retains Morgan Stanley to Lead Review of Strategic Business Options GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2017 CHAPEL HILL, N.C., March 13, 2017  -- Cempra, Inc. , a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing differentiated anti-infectives for the acute care and community settings to meet critical medical needs&nbsp;...Stock Update : Cempra Inc Retains Morgan Stanley to Lead Review ... - Smarter Analyst'
p5
aS"Tuesday's Market Insights: Castle Brands Inc , Seadrill Ltd (SDRL ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 28, 2017 Castle Brands Inc  shares skyrocketed over 40% after the premium branded spirits company announced an agreement to supply Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer and Goslings Stormy Diet Ginger Beer to all U.S."
p6
aS"The Vetr Inc. Downgrades Cempra Inc  to Sell Petro Global News 24 - 7 hours ago Cempra Inc  was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a buy rating to a sell rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday.What's Happening To These Stocks?  Cempra, Inc. , FLIR Systems, Inc.  - Post AnalystVetr Inc. Downgrades Cempra Inc  to Sell - Chaffey Breeze"
p7
aS'Technical Review on Shares of Cempra Inc  Baxter Review - 10 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for Cempra Inc  is currently sitting at 0.3. The ATR basically measures the volatility of a stock ...'
p8
aS'Decision Time: Cempra Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection Point CML News - 17 hours ago Decision Time: Cempra Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p9
aS'Cempra to Present at 29th Annual ROTH Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 3, 2017 CHAPEL HILL, N.C., March 03, 2017  -- Cempra, Inc. , a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing differentiated anti-infectives for the acute care and community settings to meet critical medical needs&nbsp;...'
p10
a.