(lp0
S'Investor Study: Looking at the Levels for Colfax Corp  The Standard - 11 hours ago Colfax Corp  has a current 14 day Williams %R reading of -78.02. Levels can range from 0 to -100. A Williams %R that falls between -80 to -100 is typically viewed as being in strong oversold territory.'
p1
aS'The Colfax Corp  Given Average Rating of Hold by Brokerages Petro Global News 24 - 23 hours ago Colfax Corp  has received a consensus recommendation of Hold from the thirteen brokerages that are currently covering the company.Colfax Corp  Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeColfax Corp  Given Average Rating of Hold by Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS'Shares of Colfax Corporation Plunge 10% Despite Topping Estimates Motley Fool - May 3, 2016 What: Shares of Colfax Corporation , a leading global manufacturer of gas and fluid handling and fabrication products and services, are dropping 10% after the company announced its first-quarter financial results.'
p3
aS'Colfax Corp. - Restructuring Efforts To Counter Downturn In Top Line Performance Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2015 Colfax Corp , the industrial manufacturing and engineering company reported an adjusted EPS of $0.24, which is significantly below our expectations for the third quarter.'
p4
aS'1370662 Shares in Colfax Corp  Acquired by Norges Bank Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 Colfax Corp logo Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Colfax Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Colfax - Starting To Acquire Again, 2017 Guidance Looks Underwhelming - Seeking AlphaColfax Corp  Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS"Colfax Corp. hires new CEO Baltimore Sun - Jul 24, 2015 Colfax Corp. has tapped a former DuPont senior vice president as its next chief executive. Matthew L. Trerotola will replace Steven E. Simms, who will assist in the transition and will continue to serve on the company's board of directors.New Colfax CEO has $6.75 million signing bonus - Baltimore Business Journal"
p6
aS"Colfax Corp.'s New CFO Has a Winning Record TheStreet.com - Jun 3, 2016 There are a few people out there that we just admire, and one of them I do is Christopher Hix, whom Colfax Corp.  named yesterday as its chief financial officer."
p7
aS'CFO Moves: Colfax Corp., Nektar Therapeutics, Western Refining Logistics Wall Street Journal  - Jun 2, 2016 Colfax Corp., a manufacturing and engineering company based in Annapolis Junction, Md., named Christopher Hix finance chief, following the filing of its second-quarter report.'
p8
aS'Colfax Corp  Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 20, 2017 Colfax Corp logo Colfax Corp  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday.Zacks Investment Research downgraded Colfax Corp  to Hold in a ... - Breaking Finance News'
p9
aS"Adding value to a company  and community Charlotte Business Journal - Feb 24, 2017 Kevin Chapman's career took several twists and turns before he landed at Colfax Corp. as North America legal counsel. After he graduated from UNC Chapel Hill with a bachelor's degree in business administration, Chapman was a finance associate at what&nbsp;..."
p10
a.