(lp0
S"Earnings Clues on Cognex Corporation , Gannett Co., Inc.  Analyst's ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Cognex Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 16.58 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;...Cognex Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.comEquity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for UGI Corporation (UGI ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"Cognex Corporation Trumps Forecasts, Again Motley Fool - Nov 1, 2016 For the fourth quarter in a row, machine-vision company Cognex Corporation's  revenue growth exceeded management's expectations.Cognex Corporation | $CGNX Stock | Shares Spike Up On Better Than Expected ... - Warrior Trading News Cognex's  CEO Rob Willett on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Cognex Corporation Earnings Start 2017 on a Strong Note Motley Fool - Feb 17, 2017 The guidance is impressive and reflective of the strength of Cognex's order book. However, the second and third quarters are usually the strongest for the company -- largely because customers are preparing for their key fourth quarters during those six&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Technical Roundup On Two Stocks  Cognex Corporation , Spirit ... Post Analyst - 15 hours ago Cognex Corporation has a consensus hold rating from 9 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 3.53% of shares outstanding.'
p4
aS'Global Inspection Machines Market 2017 Robert Bosch GmbH, Korber AG, Cognex ... Talk Daily News - 20 hours ago Inspection Machines Market Top Manufacture Analysis Of Inspection Machines Market Robert Bosch GmbH, Korber AG, Cognex Corporation, Omron Corporation, Sartorius AG. The Markets And Research study delivers significant information and realistic&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"In It For The Long Haul? Long Term Growth Pick: Cognex Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Shaers of Cognex Corporation  have been recommended as a long term growth pick. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $79.48, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the recent years."
p6
aS'Cognex Corporation  Daily Sentiment At 0.31 Markets Daily - 10 hours ago Cognex Corporation  has been given a 0.31 daily sentiment score. This dataset comprises average sentiment and impact scores figured on all articles linked to Cognex Corporation , published in preceding 24 hours.'
p7
aS'Cognex Corp: Momentum machine Times of India - Mar 8, 2017 Machine vision co Cognex continuing to see strong momentum; however, stretched valuation and extended technical studies suggest stock ripe for setback.'
p8
aS'How Cognex Corp  Stock Stands Out in a Strong Industry February 24, 2017 Zacks.com - Feb 24, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Cognex Corporation  . This is because this security in the Electronics - Testing Equipment space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in ...'
p9
aS'Cognex Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 21 Equities.com - Feb 21, 2017 Cognex Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 21, as the stock gained 0.44% to close at $76.78. On the day, Cognex Corporation saw 1.59 million shares trade hands on 11,694 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...'
p10
a.