(lp0
S'Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. Shareholders Approve Merger with First Bancorp GlobeNewswire  - Dec 22, 2016 GREENSBORO, N.C., Dec. 22, 2016  -- On December 20, 2016, the shareholders of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.  voted at a special meeting of shareholders to approve the previously announced Agreement and Plan of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'First Bancorp to Acquire Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jun 22, 2016 SOUTHERN PINES and GREENSBORO, N.C., June 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- First Bancorp  the parent company of First Bank, announced today the signing of a definitive merger agreement under which First Bancorp will acquire Carolina&nbsp;...First Bancorp plans to expand Triad presence by buying Carolina Bank - Winston-Salem JournalGreensboro loses yet another institution with Carolina Bank sale - Greensboro News & Record'
p2
aS"First Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 Also under the merger agreement, Carolina Bank Holdings' subsidiary bank, Carolina Bank, has merged with First Bank, a North Carolina bank and the wholly-owned banking subsidiary of First Bancorp. First Bancorp plans to complete systems integration in&nbsp;...CAROLINA BANK HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Completion of ... - Market ExclusiveFirst Bank president: What to expect now that Carolina Bank acquisition is final - Triad Business Journal"
p3
aS'First Bancorp completes Carolina Bank purchase Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 7, 2017 First Bancorp has completed a two-prong expansion into the Triad by completing its $93 million deal for Carolina Bank Holdings Inc. on Friday. First Bancorp, based in Southern Pines, has increased its Winston-Salem and Triad presence significantly in ...'
p4
aS'First Bancorp Receives Regulatory Approval for Acquisition of Carolina Bank ... PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2017 First Bancorp is a bank holding company headquartered in Southern Pines, North Carolina, with total assets of approximately $3.6 billion.West Town Bank &amp; Trust and Sound Bank Announce Merger - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS'The Carolina Bank Holding Inc.   Position Held by Raymond James ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. held its stake in shares of Carolina Bank Holding Inc.   during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p6
aS'First Bancorp plans March 3 closing on Carolina Bank purchase Winston-Salem Journal - Feb 20, 2017 Carolina Bank, the bank subsidiary of Carolina Bank Holdings, will continue to operate as Carolina Bank until it is merged into First Bank, which is expected to occur this summer.'
p7
aS'Houston energy company names new CFO Houston Business Journal - 17 hours ago Par Pacific Holdings Inc. , a Houston-based company that operates one of the largest energy infrastructure networks in Hawaii, has a new C-level executive.'
p8
aS'Houston-based bank holding co. names new CFO Houston Business Journal - Mar 20, 2017 Green Bancorp Inc. is a bank holding company that operates Green Bank N.A., which is the 15th-largest bank in the Houston area, according to Houston Business Journal research. The bank reported in 2016 around $1.98 billion in local deposits.'
p9
aS"Regulator fines former CertusBank execs for 'excessive expenses'  from ... Charlotte Observer  - Feb 28, 2017 A federal regulator has accused four former executives of a South Carolina bank with Charlotte roots of violating federal laws and regulations over condo purchases and other spending that took place while they were in charge."
p10
a.