(lp0
S"Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. Ends Q4 With Plenty of Cash and Several Key Studies ... Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 It's been an up-and-down ride for Celldex Therapeutics  shareholders since the biotech reported the late-stage failure for Rintega.Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Lowers Its Price Target On Celldex ... - Market ExclusiveCelldex Therapeutics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com"
p1
aS"Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. Is Feeling Some Pressure Today -- Here's Why Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  a clinical-stage biotech developing targeted cancer therapies, were down about 10% as of 2:45 p.m.Celldex Therapeutics  Q4 Earnings: What's in Store? - Zacks.comBuy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. (CLDX ... - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS"Better Buy: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. vs. Juno Therapeutics Inc Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  and Juno Therapeutics Inc  are two of last year's worst-performing biotech stocks.Celldex Therapeutics Inc.  Soars 9.82% on February 27 - Equities.comHot Stocks Among Investors: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. , Pier 1 Imports ... - Post Analyst"
p3
aS'Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. Celldex Therapeutics Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Agenus Inc  and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  bear an uncanny resemblance to each other. Both clinical-stage biotechs are focused on developing novel cancer therapies and reported clinical-trial failures with vaccine&nbsp;...Sizling Stock Update: Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p4
aS"Technicals in Focus for Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS"Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - 14 hours ago Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Biotechnology. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $3.17, down from yesterday's close by -5.93%.Celldex Therapeutics Inc.  Plunges 5.93% on March 21 - Equities.comThe Jefferies Group LLC Cuts Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  Price Target to ... - Petro Global News 24"
p6
aS'Shares in Focus: Celldex Therapeutics Inc  Baxter Review - 12 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Celldex Therapeutics Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.18. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge stock ...'
p7
aS'Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  Technical Resistance and Key Price Levels to ... USA Commerce Daily - 11 hours ago With all other things going on, Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -17.23 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS"Option Market Alert: Celldex Therapeutics Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 Risk Alert: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Celldex Therapeutics Inc  risk is elevated. We'll detail it below -- but that's the lede -- the option market is starting to flash those neon lights that signal &quot;risk is ..."
p9
aS'Why Analysts put forward these two stocks: TripAdvisor, Inc. , Celldex ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 The share price is now down -9.24% for the past three months. Latest closing price was -11.02% below its 50-day moving average and -25.01% below its 200-day moving average.'
p10
a.