(lp0
S'Clearfield, Inc. Pairs Zhone Technologies Access Hardware with Clearview ... PR Newswire  - Oct 6, 2015 Clearfield, Inc. designs, manufactures and distributes fiber optic management products, helping service providers reduce the high costs associated with deploying, managing, protecting and scaling a fiber optic network to deliver mobile, residential and&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Calix Inc  versus Clearfield Inc  CML News - 16 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Calix Inc  versus Clearfield Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p2
aS'CommScope sues Clearfield for patent infringement LightWave Online - Feb 2, 2017 CommScope, whose cabling products portfolio includes several FTTx products, has sued fellow fiber-optic cabling product vendor Clearfield, Inc. for what CommScope asserts is infringement of 13 of its patents. The complaint alleges that such Clearfield&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Clearfield, Inc.  Stock ABR At 1 Markets Daily - 9 hours ago Market experts outlook on Clearfield, Inc.  equity is positive. As of 2017-03-21, the stock ABR is 1 in 1-5 range.'
p4
aS'Equity Watch for Clearfield, Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 13 hours ago Clearfield, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.481811. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p5
aS'Stock Levels in Review: Clearfield, Inc.  SKV News - 14 hours ago Checking the Value Composite score for Clearfield, Inc. , we see that the company has a rank of 59. This falls on a scale from 0 to 100 where a lower score indicated an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an expensive&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Clearfield Inc  CML News - Jan 14, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Clearfield Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: KVH Industries Inc  is Beating Clearfield Inc ... CML News - Feb 18, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clearfield Inc  versus KVH Industries Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Digi International Inc  is Beating Clearfield Inc ... CML News - Mar 2, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clearfield Inc  versus Digi International Inc  .'
p9
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: Clearfield Inc  CML News - Jan 31, 2017 As we look at Clearfield Inc we note that a short put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the short put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding earnings.'
p10
a.