(lp0
S'Town Sports International Holdings Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Town Sports International Holdings Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF. In order to examine the forward looking risk for ...'
p1
aS'Chart Watch: Checking on Shares of Town Sports International Holdings Inc  Baxter Review - 12 hours ago Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for Town Sports International Holdings Inc  is resting at 0.21. First developed by J. Welles ...'
p2
aS'New York Sports Clubs Takes Over Shuttered David Barton Gym PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2017 NEW YORK, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Town Sports International  , the owner and operator of New York Sports Clubs , and Newmark Holdings, a vertically integrated owner, operator, property manager and developer of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. Expands High Value Low Price Club Model PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2015 NEW YORK, March 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  , a leading owner and operator of health clubs in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S.'
p4
aS'Zacks: Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  Given $5.00 Average ... Chaffey Breeze - 21 hours ago Town Sports International Holdings logo Shares of Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  have been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 0.00  from the one brokers that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.Investor Focus on Shares of Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  - Lenox Ledger'
p5
aS'Who Would Buy Town Sports International? Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2015 Combined activist pressure from Farallon Capital, PW Partners, and HG Vora seems to have set the table for a sale at fitness center chain Town Sports International . The three funds, who collectively own over 30% of the company, reached a&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of ... Market Exclusive - Feb 17, 2017 On February 16, 2017, Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.  issued a press release announcing its results for the fourth&gt;quarter and year-ended December 31, 2016.Investors Watch-list Stock: Ciner Resources LP's  stock price finalizes ... - WsNews 4investors"
p7
aS"BRIEF-Town Sports International Holdings Q4 loss per share $0.01 Reuters - Feb 16, 2017 FRANKFURT, Feb 17 General Motors Chief Executive Mary Barra made assurances at Opel's headquarters in Germany that the carmaker is to remain an independent company in any deal with France's PSA Group, German monthly Manager Magazin&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Town Sports International Brings Its Luxury Boutique Brand to Boston PR Newswire  - Jun 1, 2015 BFX Studio is the boutique brand of New York-based Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. , a leading owner and operator of fitness clubs in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic regions of the United States.'
p9
aS'Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year ... Business Wire  - Feb 16, 2017 NEW YORK----Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.   today reported financial results for its fourth quarter and year-ended December 31, 2016.'
p10
a.