(lp0
S'Why Chinese Stocks Leave US Investors Vulnerable U.S. News & World Report - Nov 13, 2014 China Marine Food Group Ltd., a Chinese company then on the New York Stock Exchange, spent $27 million in January 2010 to acquire a firm whose main asset was &quot;algae-based drink know-how.'
p1
aS"China's Marine Park Boom Is Driving the Capture of Whales and Dolphins TakePart - Jun 14, 2016 Even as SeaWorld moves to end breeding of killer whales and activists hope to resettle captive orcas in sea pens, the ocean's top predator is being hunted in Russia to supply marine parks in China willing to pay $3 million to $5 million or more for an ..."
p2
aS"China's Science Revolution BBC News - May 21, 2016 From building the biggest experiments the world has ever seen to rolling out the latest medical advances on a massive scale and pushing the boundaries of exploration from the deepest ocean to outer space - China's scientific ambitions are immense. Just ..."
p3
aS'Taiwan launches $1.9bn bailout for big shipping groups Financial Times - Nov 17, 2016 China urged its largest shipbuilders 18 months ago to merge amid industry chaos, as several smaller shipping groups and yards either declared bankruptcy or had their assets frozen.'
p4
aS'Scientists pinpoint the genes that helped early humans adapt to new food as ... Daily Mail - Mar 16, 2017 Natural selection favoured mutations in the genes that helped early humans to digest new food groups. While people who possessed the variable gene variants were able to digest new foods, survive and have children, those who did not possess the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Pingtan Marine Enterprise Announces to Enter Consumer Food Market PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 FUZHOU, China, March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd.  , a global fishing company based in the People's Republic of China , today announced that Global Deep Ocean Fishing (Pingtan ..."
p6
aS"China seizes US Navy underwater drone in international waters of South China Sea The Independent - Dec 16, 2016 The UUV was lawfully conducting a military survey in the waters of the South China Sea, the official said. It's a sovereign immune vessel, clearly marked in English not to be removed from the water - that it was US property.China 'seizes US vessel' in S China Sea - BBC NewsImages show 'significant' Chinese weapons systems in South China Sea - The Guardian"
p7
aS"Marine Le Pen uses environmental issue to broaden appeal Financial Times - Jan 26, 2017 More from the FT Group. Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes.  THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Philippines prepares protest vs China over Panatag Philippine Star - Mar 21, 2017 Meanwhile, the lawmaker who filed an impeachment complaint against Duterte has asked the President not to portray the country as defenseless against China's maritime incursion. His statement that we cannot do anything is ... Gary Alejano of party-list ..."
p9
aS"China busts 50 factories making fake branded seasoning with 'dangerous ... Telegraph.co.uk - Jan 17, 2017 A &quot;production hub&quot; which churned out counterfeit seasoning designed to look like well known brands such as Nestle and Knorr is being investigated in China, in what appears to be the latest food scandal to spark anger in the country. Around 50 factories ..."
p10
a.