(lp0
S"Better Buy: Starbucks Corp. vs. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Longtime shareholders of Chipotle Mexican Grill  look cheerfully upon the years leading up to 2015. That was before the company's battles with food-borne illnesses, and the pesky overhang from them that continues to dog it.Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc investors tuck in after new first quarter sales ... - Proactive Investors USA & CanadaAnalysts Near-Term outlook: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. , Extreme ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"Chipotle targets kids in new TV series campaign 9NEWS.com - 12 hours ago DENVER BUSINESS JOURNAL - Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. said it's targeting kids between 7 and 10 years old with its newest campaign; a TV series about food.Chipotle Launches 'RAD Lands' Television Series for Families on iTunes - Business Wire Chipotle Tries to Rebuild Trust With Parents After Safety Crisis - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Chipotle Mexican Grill: Two For Two? Barron's  - 12 hours ago Shares of Chipotle jumped 2.8% yesterday, the best in the popular benchmark, after data analysis firm M Science predicted improving same-store salesand rekindling hope that Chipotle had truly found a bottom. We mentioned that yesterday's winning ..."
p3
aS"Free Range Profits From Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 In Feb I wrote about how to get free money from Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. . The trade yielded $1.70 per contract in pure profit.What You Must Know About Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc's  1.3% ROE? - Simply Wall StChipotle says one-third of directors will not run again - Nasdaq"
p4
aS"Is Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.'s Sales Recovery on Track? Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2017 After a year of posting horrendous sales declines, Chipotle Mexican Grill  has finally pulled out of its dive. On Tuesday, the fast-casual chain reported that comparable restaurant sales returned to growth in December.Wedbush Cautiously Optimistic On Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Following ... - Smarter AnalystChipotle Mexican Grill: 70% Upside In The Next 2 Years - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Returns to Growth: Key Earnings Takeaways Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2017 After taking multiple stumbles backwards over the past year-and-change, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  looks like it may have taken a tentative step forward.Chipotle Mexican Grill: No Reason To Get Excited - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"What to Watch When Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 29, 2017 This past year has been easily the most challenging period for Chipotle  since it went public in 2006. Twelve months ago, the damage from the restaurant chain's food-safety scare peaked at a 34% dive in customer traffic.Analysts Disagree on Chipotle's Recovery  - Investopedia"
p7
aS"Better Buy: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. vs. Panera Motley Fool - Jan 19, 2017 Chipotle  and Panera Bread  compete for the same customers using a similar strategy. Both companies have pushed the idea that they offer better food than their cheaper fast-food rivals.Chipotle Mexican Grill: I'm Switching My Order - Seeking AlphaChipotle names two new agencies for advertising, media buying - 9NEWS.com"
p8
aS"Is Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  Stock Next on Ackman's Hit List? Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 The biggest news story Monday was easily Bill Ackman's announcement that Pershing Square Capital Management, Ackman's multibillion-dollar hedge fund, had sold its entire Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  stake at a $3 billion loss.Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary - CML NewsChipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.  PT Set at $280.00 by Deutsche Bank AG - Chaffey Breeze"
p9
aS"Better Buy: Starbucks Corporation vs. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Motley Fool - Jan 1, 2017 For a while, Chipotle Mexican Grill  was putting up the type of numbers many didn't think were possible. A mature restaurant with over 1,000 locations putting up comparable-store sales growth  of near 20%?Chipotle Mexican Grill: Finding A Middle Ground - Seeking AlphaPlans filed for Chipotle, Starbucks locations - Farmington Daily Times"
p10
a.