(lp0
S'La Nia: An opportunity to short ags and go long sugar, says ETF Securities ETF Strategy - Feb 23, 2016 ... exchange-traded products issuer ETF Securities. The London-based commodities specialist notes that La Nias that reach a medium strength by northern hemisphere winter tend to help the production of grains, coffee and cocoa and so a La Nia ...'
p1
aS"El Nio: crop yields and commodity ETF strategies ETF Strategy - Jul 7, 2015 In their recent commodities outlook report, ETF Securities, one of the world's leading providers of exchange-traded commodities , commented: We believe that should the weather event intensify, it could be a significant catalyst for price gains ..."
p2
aS'Soft commodity ETFs surge as coffee and sugar prices jump 20% ETF Strategy - Oct 5, 2016 Fund provider ETF Securities also has 2x leveraged and 3x leveraged ETPs on the London Stock Exchange under respective tickers LCFE and 3CFL.'
p3
aS'Biggest crop ETF on track for best year since 2009 Financial Times - Jun 23, 2016 PowerShares DB Agriculture, an $891m fund tracking food commodities from wheat to sugar, has received net inflows of $162m in the year 2016 to date.'
p4
aS'For exposure to gold, silver or oil, these are the best funds Telegraph.co.uk - Nov 5, 2016 There are a huge range of commodities accessible to private investors, ranging from gold to cattle. Exposure tends to come via exchange-traded funds , but their methodologies vary and cutting through the jargon can be tough. Here, Telegraph Money&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Elkhorn partners with Research Affiliates on smart beta commodity ETF ETF Strategy - Sep 26, 2016 US-based investment company Elkhorn Investments has partnered with smart beta specialist Research Affiliates to launch the Elkhorn Fundamental Commodity Strategy ETF . The Bats-listed ETF provides exposure to a broad basket of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Transmar woes add to cocoa market jitters Financial Times - Jan 6, 2017 Six months on, traders are feeling a new aftershock from the UK referendum following a filing for bankruptcy protection at the end of December by the US subsidiary of a top 10 cocoa processor Transmar Group. Transmar Commodity Group filed for Chapter ...'
p7
aS"ETF Watch: 3 'No K-1' Commodity Funds Filed ETF.com - Nov 11, 2016 Each ETF's offshore subsidiary will invest in commodity futures and commodity-linked instruments, and is limited to 25% of the parent fund's portfolio. Although the commodities portion of each ETF is actively managed ... The agriculture fund uses the ..."
p8
aS'ETF Watch: Newcomer GraniteShares Plans Funds ETF.com - Nov 29, 2016 The three proposed funds include two commodity funds and a master limited partnership ETF. They include the following: The GraniteShares Bloomberg Commodity Index Investment Fund is basically a plain-vanilla broad commodity ETF that seeks to replicate ...'
p9
aS'ETF Watch: REIT Preferred Securities Fund Filed ETF.com - Nov 23, 2016 A new filing outlines plans for an ETF likely to appeal to income-focused investors. The InfraCap REIT Preferred ETF  will be advised by Virtus ETF Advisers and subadvised by Infrastructure Capital Advisors; it will list on the NYSE Arca exchange ...'
p10
a.