(lp0
S'Cover-All Technologies and Majesco Close their Merger Business Wire  - Jun 26, 2015 NEW YORK &amp; MORRISTOWN, N.J.----Majesco, a global provider of core insurance software, consulting and services for insurance business transformation, and Cover-All Technologies Inc., a leading provider of innovative and modern P/C&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Cover-All Technologies , Majesco Enter Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com  - Dec 15, 2014 Cover-All Technologies Inc.  and Majesco , based in New York, NY, today announced that the companies have entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Cover-All's stockholders and the&nbsp;...Majesco to merge with Cover-All Technologies; stocks up 20% - Moneycontrol.comMajesco to Merge With Cover-All - Insurance & Technology"
p2
aS"Cover-All's Shareholders Approve Merger with Majesco Business Wire  - Jun 22, 2015 MORRISTOWN, N.J.----Cover-All Technologies Inc. , a leading provider of innovative and modern P/C insurance technology solutions, announced today that its shareholders have approved Cover-All's adoption of the&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Cover-All Technologies Inc. Acquires BlueWave Technology ClaimsJournal.com - Jan 3, 2012 Cover-All Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, announced the acquisition of the assets of BlueWave Technology, including its insurance claims software, PipelineClaims, in a cash transaction effective December 30, 2011.'
p4
aS"Mastek to list US subsidiary Majesco on NYSE Livemint - Feb 20, 2015 Majesco USA has filed an application with the US' Securities and Exchange Commission to merge Cover-All Technologies Inc. with itself and list Majesco USA in New York, the local firm said in its statement. On 15 December, Mastek had announced that&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Majesco Announces Financial Results for its Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year ... Business Wire  - Jun 18, 2015 The regulatory and financial work relating to listing Majesco on the NYSE-MKT post completion of the CoverAll Technologies merger with Majesco is largely completed.'
p6
aS'Majesco closes 5% higher from listing price of Rs316; Mastek falls 4.7% Livemint - Aug 19, 2015 In December, Majesco Inc. entered into a definitive merger agreement with Cover-All Technologies Inc. in a 100% stock-for-stock transaction.Majesco shares list at Rs 316, lower than street forecast - Moneycontrol.com'
p7
aS"The Charts For Palatin Technologies, Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes Today NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Palatin Technologies, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been ... Other indicators often come into play when a trading professional is looking to cover all bases. Short-term movement ..."
p8
aS"Flexo's #1 Education &amp; Networking Event Approaching Fast Packaging Europe - 23 hours ago The Trending Now-themed 2017 Forum will cover all current hot topics and technologies in the industry, with expansion into segments that are relevant for today's business and guaranteed to help prepare attendees for future customer demands."
p9
aS'Valeant Pharmaceuticals, DSW, Kandi Technologies News Today Schaeffers Research  - Mar 14, 2017 The Dow is set to open lower as pre-Fed meeting anxiety and lower oil prices weigh on stocks. Meanwhile, among specific names in focus are drugmaker Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc , shoe retailer DSW Inc. , and electric car&nbsp;...'
p10
a.