(lp0
S"Computer Programs and Systems Inc  Climbing Higher 7.09% Business Review - 13 hours ago Computer Programs and Systems Inc  shares have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 7.09% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p1
aS'Computer Programs &amp; Systems  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 With that in mind, CPSI, a community healthcare solutions company, has a path to grow that extends beyond information technology.'
p2
aS'Computer Programs &amp; Systems  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 4, 2016 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CPSI Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode.'
p3
aS'Option Market Alert: Computer Programs and Systems Inc Implied Price Swing ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Computer Programs and Systems Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.Target Price Review on Computer Programs and Systems, Inc.  - Rockville RegisterOne Stock Analysts Are Watching  Computer Programs And Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - UK Market News'
p4
aS'Price Alert: Computer Programs and Systems Inc  Stock Nears ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Price Alert: Computer Programs and Systems Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p5
aS"Sell-Side Sets Their Scope On Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CPSI ... Melville Review - 9 hours ago Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. 's stock has been of interest for both individual investors and Wall Street analysts recently."
p6
aS"Computer Programs and Systems Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Computer Programs and Systems Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.Analysts Issue Forecasts for Computer Programs and Systems, Inc.'s Q1 2017 ... - BNB Daily Computer Programs and Systems, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Dougherty &amp; Co - The Cerbat Gem"
p7
aS'Examining the Numbers on Shares of Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ ... Benton Bulletin - 9 hours ago Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Computer Programs and Systems, Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.406941. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Computer Programs &amp; Systems, Inc.  Receives $34.82 Average Target Price ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 15, 2017 Computer Programs &amp; Systems logo Shares of Computer Programs &amp; Systems, Inc.  have been assigned an average recommendation of Hold from the fourteen research firms that are presently covering the stock.Stock Returns: Computer Programs and Systems Inc  versus ... - CML NewsSIG PLC  Hold Rating Reconfirmed by Analysts at Liberum Capital; With ... - Herald KS'
p9
aS'The Computer Programs &amp; Systems, Inc.  Receives $34.82 Average Target ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Computer Programs &amp; Systems, Inc.  has received a consensus rating of Hold from the fourteen brokerages that are currently covering the firm.'
p10
a.