(lp0
S"China Precision Steel, Inc.  Forms $0.05 Double Bottom; Military Resale ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 20, 2017 China Precision Steel, Inc.  formed double bottom with $0.05 target or 4.00% below today's $0.05 share price."
p1
aS"China Couldn't Make Its Own Ballpoint PensUntil Now Fortune - Jan 10, 2017 According to the Chinese news agency Xinhua, the state-owned Taiyuan Iron &amp; Steel Group , one of the country's biggest stainless steel manufacturers, has solved the problem after completing five years of trial and error. The company said Tuesday&nbsp;...Pen power: China closer to ballpoint success - BBC NewsChina is finally able to manufacture its own ballpoint pens - Mashable"
p2
aS"China's $9.2 billion precision medicine initiative could see about 100 million ... Next Big Future - Jun 7, 2016 Jason Gang Jin, co-founder and chief executive of Cloud Health, says that this trio, rather than BGI, will be the main sequencing support for China's precision-medicine initiative - although BGI's director of research, Xu Xun, disagrees. Xu says that ..."
p3
aS"Why cracking the secret of the ball-point pen is such a big deal for Taiyuan Steel South China Morning Post - Feb 1, 2017 Taiyuan Iron &amp; Steel Group's recent breakthrough in producing the metal ball casing for ball-point pens could herald more technological advancement by Chinese steel producers to reduce imports for some key products, according to analysts. The ..."
p4
aS"Eye catching: Audemars Piguet's Royal Oak collection fulfils CEO's pledge South China Morning Post - 3 hours ago They included the Royal Oak Openworked Double Balance Wheel with two balance wheels on the same axis to improve precision, a first in the industry that in just a year has become Audemars Piguet's third bestselling watch."
p5
aS'How US Could Combat Chinese Missile Swarms Scout - 17 hours ago These shelters were usually arch-shaped structures with steel or concrete doors. They were generally about three feet thick and could protect a fighter aircraft from ... This could be a time-consuming and laborious process. In the meantime, the enemy ...'
p6
aS"How the US Military Can Pushback Against China's Most Dangerous Weapon ... The National Interest Online  - Mar 22, 2017 These shelters were usually arch-shaped structures with steel or concrete doors. They were ... This was completely adequate in the preprecision-guided-munitions era because direct hits on targets this size were relatively difficult to achieve. They ..."
p7
aS'Finally! After years of trying, China celebrates ballpoint pen breakthrough Sky News - Jan 13, 2017 Firstly, it did not have machines with the precision needed to cut a tiny ball-bearing accurately, meaning the balls had to be imported from Switzerland.Asia in 3 minutes: Free condoms for Filipinos, ballpoint pens for China, and a ... - South China Morning Post'
p8
aS'Chinese giant to build six UK pre-fab housing factories Construction Enquirer - Dec 19, 2016 The Government has helped to broker the 2.5bn deal that will see the China National Building Material Company build six offsite factories around the UK.'
p9
aS"At last - China learns how to make a ballpoint pen Stuff.co.nz - Jan 12, 2017 China simply didn't have a machine with the precision to cut a tiny ball-bearing accurately. While it supplied the world with 80 per cent of its ballpoint pens, all the balls came from Switzerland.Domestically-developed nibs a boost for manufacturing - ecns"
p10
a.