(lp0
S'CARBO Ceramics: A Race Against Time Seeking Alpha - May 5, 2016 CARBO Ceramics,  had a rough first quarter as forecasted by management. Sales decreased more than 50%. Cash flow from operations was an outflow of $8.3 million.'
p1
aS'Does Carbo Ceramics Have Enough Cash? Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 The company has enough cash to pay all of its debt and have cash left over. The proppant market continues its collapse as operators report production improvements from well designs that far exceed any improvements from ceramic proppant. New products&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Carbo Ceramics: Developing A Recovery Scenario Seeking Alpha - Nov 29, 2016 The bearish thesis - a permanent partial replacement of ceramic with sand - has been confirmed, with qualifications. The stock is heavily shorted, and sank dramatically after Q3 2016 earnings were reported.'
p3
aS"CARBO Ceramics Inc.'s Stock Gets Crushed After Reporting Atrocious Earnings Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 With producers like Whiting Petroleum bypassing ceramics for more sand, it clouds CARBO Ceramic's future. It could be quite some time before producers switch back to higher-cost ceramics, and given the success of higher sand volumes, they might never&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Carbo Ceramics Finally Reports A Sales Increase Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 Carbo Ceramics  reported a sequential sales increase of 44% from the third quarter. While that is well short of the previous year sales, it represents the first step in a very long and speculative road to recovery.'
p5
aS"Cratering Earnings Cause CARBO Ceramics Inc.'s Stock to Slip Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2016 What: Shares of CARBO Ceramics  slumped 14% by 2:45 p.m. ET on Thursday after the company reported poorly received first-quarter results."
p6
aS"CARBO Ceramics: Is The Final Nail In The Coffin? Seeking Alpha - Oct 18, 2016 In our 7/29/15 note, Ceramic Proppant Is Going to Zero, we argued that the decline in CARBO Ceramics Inc.'s  sales volume was secular rather than cyclical."
p7
aS'CARBO Ceramics Is A Mixed Bag Investment Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 In spite of CARBO Ceramics  trading below a conservatively-adjusted book value and having steady financials, my research into this company highlights a warning flag in its recent credit raise of May 2016.'
p8
aS"CARBO Ceramics Inc  Climbs Higher Over the Past 5 Days Business Review - 14 hours ago Shares of CARBO Ceramics Inc  have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 11.23% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p9
aS"CARBO Ceramics: Will You Take The Bait? Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2016 Our updated analysis of the FracFocus database incontrovertibly demonstrates that CRR's largest remaining customers are moving away from ceramics to sand completions. CRR quietly busted a leverage covenant at the end of January and today is in&nbsp;..."
p10
a.