(lp0
S'Legal Notice 3-22-17 New Pittsburgh Courier - 15 hours ago Notice is hereby given that Articles of Incorporation were filed with the Department of State of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with respect to a corporation which was incorporated under the provisions of the Business Corporation law of 1988. The ...'
p1
aS"International Day of Forests  National Parks and Forestry Corporation talk Bellingen Courier Sun - Mar 20, 2017 Forestry Corporation of NSW's CEO Nick Roberts said International Day of Forests, 21 March, celebrated the vital role productive State forests continue to play in local communities."
p2
aS'Sci-Fleet Motors secures a prime gateway site in Brisbane Auto Mall Courier Mail - 15 hours ago Brisbane Airport Corporation general manager commercial business John Tormey said the start of the land development program for the project will see site clearing under way in the second half of 2017 with the opening of the Auto Mall planned for 2020.'
p3
aS'Acme-McCrary sale promises 133 new jobs, $20M investment Asheboro Courier Tribune - Mar 21, 2017 By Chip Womick cwomick@courier-tribune.com Twitter: @ChipWomickCT. ASHEBORO - A Sri Lanka-based apparel and textile manufacturing company plans to acquire the manufacturing assets of the Acme-McCrary Corp. in Asheboro. MAS Capital plans&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Australian troops move closer to the frontline fight against Islamic State in Iraq Courier Mail - Feb 28, 2017 News Corp Australia was given exclusive access to a busy air base where ADF has now deployed mobile training teams from Task Group Taji to help re-skill Iraqis coming on and off the Mosul frontline.'
p5
aS"KET: Dedicated to lifelong learning | Shae Hopkins The Courier-Journal - Mar 21, 2017 In a recent Courier-Journal article regarding the president's proposed budget cuts, the Corporation for Public Broadcasting was cited as just a traditional feel-good effort."
p6
aS"Editorial: Gutting arts steals soul of our creativity Jacksonville Journal Courier - Mar 20, 2017 The CPB is a private, nonprofit corporation that was created by Congress in 1967. It is the steward of the federal government's investment in public broadcasting and the largest single source of funding for public radio, television and related online ..."
p7
aS"Two South Carolina lawmakers prepping survivalist communities to 'restore the ... Charleston Post Courier - Mar 17, 2017 They are advocating that their followers, and offshoot groups, form their own communities that will no longer have to rely on corporate America or the tyrannical federal government. They are ... It's serving two purposes, Magnuson told The Post and ..."
p8
aS'Kimball named Citizen of the Year Russellville Courier - Mar 21, 2017 Kimball also made the initial design drawing of the park, secured a grant from Entergy Corporation, obtained a 501 19 non profit status from the IRS and obtained a domestic nonprofit corporation status from the Arkansas Secretary of States Office.'
p9
aS"Viral video imagines Elmo getting fired over PBS budget cuts The Courier - 15 hours ago Elmo isn't the only Sesame Street character laid off in the scenario, the man mentions Cookie Monster and Telly have also been let go."
p10
a.