(lp0
S'Corporate Resource files for Ch. 11 after refinancing falls apart Reuters - Jul 27, 2015 Staffing company Corporate Resource Services Inc has filed for bankruptcy after discovering an affiliated business had not paid an estimated $80 million in taxes, which derailed refinancing negotiations.Corporate Resource Services, Inc. and Seven Affiliates File Chapter 11 ... - JD Supra '
p1
aS'Corporate Resource Services weighs possible sale after PEO files for bankruptcy Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 4, 2015 Leadership at staffing provider Corporate Resource Services Inc.  is weighing a possible sale of some or all of the company, according to a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p2
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Joseph P. Ciavarella as Chief Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 12, 2015 NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2015  -- Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, energy and consulting services firm, today announced that Joseph P. Ciavarella&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Sy Holzer to Board of Directors Business Wire  - Sep 29, 2014 NEW YORK----Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, and consulting services firm, today announced that Sy Holzer will be joining the CRS Board of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Corporate Resource Services sells subsidiary, sends termination notices Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 27, 2015 Corporate Resources Services sold a subsidiary, and separately announced it sent termination notices to approximately 800 customers primarily in California.Noor Staffing Group Acquires Corporate Resource Development - PR Newswire '
p5
aS'CRS Execs Must Face Investor Suit Over $100M Tax Liability Law360  - Jul 6, 2016 Law360, New York  -- The former chief executive officer of bankrupt staffing firm Corporate Resource Services Inc. and others must face a proposed securities class action alleging they helped cover up a closely tied payroll&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Robbins Arroyo LLP: AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.  Misled ... Yahoo Finance - 13 hours ago The company further disclosed that the weaknesses were related to ineffective assessment of the risks associated with the financial reporting and an insufficient complement of corporate accounting and corporate financial reporting resources. AmTrust ...Block &amp; Leviton LLP Reminds AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Shareholders Of ... - PR Newswire '
p7
aS'RM LAW Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2017 The Company further disclosed that the material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting &quot;specifically related to ineffective assessment of the risks associated with the financial reporting, and an insufficient complement of corporate ...'
p8
aS'American Resources Corporation Begins Development of Second Metallurgical Coal ... Benzinga - Mar 17, 2017 American Resources Corporation is engaged in diversified energy services including mining, processing and logistics, with a primary focus on traditional energy sources such as coal and oil and gas.'
p9
aS'INVESTOR NOTICE: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit ... Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago IRVINE, CA / ACCESSWIRE / March 22, 2017 / Khang &amp; Khang LLP  announces the filing of a class action lawsuit against AmTrust Financial Services Inc.  . Investors ... in its internal control over financial ...'
p10
a.