(lp0
S'Traders Take Note: Clifton Bancorp Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - 16 hours ago Take Note: Clifton Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Clifton Bancorp Inc  is Beating PHH Corporation ... CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus PHH Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p2
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc. Announces Appointment of Tricia Cademartori Hrotko to ... Business Wire  - Apr 3, 2014 CLIFTON, N.J.----Clifton Bancorp Inc. , the parent company of Clifton Savings Bank, today announced the appointment of Tricia Cademartori Hrotko to the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer.'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: TrustCo Bank Corp NY  is Beating Clifton Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus TrustCo Bank Corp NY  .'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Meta Financial Group Inc  versus Clifton Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Meta Financial Group Inc  versus Clifton Bancorp Inc  .'
p5
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc. Announces Expansion into Hoboken, New Jersey Business Wire  - Mar 18, 2015 CLIFTON, N.J.----Clifton Bancorp Inc. , the holding company for Clifton Savings Bank, today announced its plans to open a new banking office in Hoboken, New Jersey.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus ESSA Bancorp Inc ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus ESSA Bancorp Inc  .'
p7
aS'Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $1654000 Stake in Clifton Bancorp Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Clifton Bancorp logo Thrivent Financial for Lutherans maintained its position in shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus United Community ... CML News - Feb 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus United Community Financial Corp.'
p9
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc.  Given $16.50 Average Target Price by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - Feb 1, 2017 Clifton Bancorp logo Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc.  have been assigned an average broker rating score of 1.00  from the one analysts that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p10
a.