(lp0
S'CTI Industries Corporation : How Well Does It Fare Against This ... Simply Wall St - Mar 21, 2017 Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like CTI Industries Corporation  with its market cap of USD $19 Million.Analyst Target Price &amp; Stock Review on CTI Industries Corporation (NASDAQ:CTIB ... - Rives Journal$0.00 EPS Expected for CTI Industries Corp. ; Solus Alternative Asset ... - MoneyMakingArticles'
p1
aS'Investor Update on Shares of CTI Industries Corp  Baxter Review - Mar 21, 2017 Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for CTI Industries Corp  is resting at 0.23. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may ...'
p2
aS'CTI Industries Corporation Launches Ziploc Brand Vacuum Sealer System Website Marketwired  - Sep 25, 2013 LAKE BARRINGTON, IL-- - CTI Industries Corporation , a manufacturer and marketer of vacuum sealing systems, foil balloons, latex balloons, printed and laminated films, has launched a website for the Ziploc&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'CTI INDUSTRIES CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 CTI Industries Corporation develops, produces and distributes various consumer products and sells these products throughout the United States and in over 35 other countries.'
p4
aS'Value Score in View for CTI Industries Corporation  Searcy News - 4 hours ago Taking a look at shares of CTI Industries Corporation , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 47. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"The Chicago stocks you've never heard of Crain's Chicago Business - Feb 13, 2016 CTI Industries, a maker of latex and foil balloons, had big news recently: Its quarterly profit had quadrupled. Yet the stock barely budged."
p6
aS"CTI appoints Silcock executive vice president and CFO Meat & Poultry  - Jun 13, 2016 Having spent most of my career in the food sector, what attracts me to CTI is the opportunity to create a true industry leader, Silcock said. At $1.5B, CTI is one of the ... He's also held executive positions at Cott Corp. and Campbell's. Silcock ...CTI Foods Announces Appointment of Raymond P. Silcock as CFO - Business Wire "
p7
aS'CTI to invest $36.4 milllion in move to RiverCenter Towers from Blue Ash ... User-generated content   - Aug 17, 2016 Matt Bevin announced today that CTI Clinical Trial and Consulting Services, a global, privately held company providing therapeutic expertise to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, will relocate its headquarters to Covington with a $36.4 ...Clinical Trial &amp; Consulting Services moves headquarters to Covington - The Lane Report'
p8
aS"How much do Illinois' largest companies invest in themselves? Chicago Tribune - Sep 26, 2014 Shares of Lake Barrington-based CTI Industries have lagged the market since early 2013, down 28 percent compared with a 39 percent gain for the S&amp;P 500."
p9
aS'Can CTI BioPharma Corp  Continue To Outperform Its Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 CTI BioPharma Corp , with its ROE of 965.4 over the past 12 months, performed better than the industry, which averaged 27.48% in the same period. However, investors, focused only on Return on Equity, often ignore the rising interest costs&nbsp;...CTI BioPharma Corp.: CTI BioPharma Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 ... - The Wall Street Transcript'
p10
a.