(lp0
S'Voce Capital is Buying Cutera Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - 3 hours ago For those not familiar with the company, Cutera, Inc. is a medical device company. The Company is engaged in the design, development, manufacture, marketing and servicing of laser and other energy-based aesthetics systems for practitioners across the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Cutera Still Looks Cheap - But Still Has Questions Seeking Alpha - Sep 8, 2016 CUTR still hasn't received much credit from the market for its turnaround despite impressive revenue growth. But there were some concerns in Q2 relative to margins and international sales, and this still is a laggard in the space."
p2
aS'What is the upside potential for Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.  Cutera, Inc ... Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.Price Target Updates on BIOLASE, Inc.  Cutera, Inc.  - Sherwood Daily'
p3
aS'Cutera: Is This Time Different? Seeking Alpha - Jan 20, 2016 There are basically two charts that sum up the bull/bear argument relative to aesthetic device manufacturer Cutera .'
p4
aS'Cutera Announces Management Changes GlobeNewswire  - Aug 18, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif., Aug. 18, 2016  -- Cutera, Inc.  , a leading provider of laser and energy-based aesthetic systems for practitioners worldwide, today announced the resignation of Kevin&nbsp;...Cutera  CEO Resigns - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS"Cutera Remains A 'Show Me' Story Seeking Alpha - Feb 12, 2016 Cutera has done a nice job growing revenue of late, and in Q4, posted its first profitable quarter in three years. 2016 guidance implies a profitable year, as CUTR looks to have gotten over the hump."
p6
aS'Cutera Elects J. Daniel Plants as Chairman of the Board GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif., Nov. 03, 2016  -- Cutera, Inc.  , a leading provider of laser and energy-based aesthetic systems for practitioners worldwide, today announced that effective October 28, 2016,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Cutera Is Making Progress Even If Its Stock Isn't Seeking Alpha - Jul 13, 2016 To be sure, I've shared the market's skepticism, even as I've been relatively bullish on the space as a whole. I'm long the turnaround story at Syneron Medical , which, like Cutera, has been a serial underperformer over the past decade."
p8
aS'CUTERA Launches New PICO Genesis Treatment With enlighten PR Newswire  - Dec 6, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif., Dec. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- CUTERA, a leading provider of laser, light and other energy-based aesthetic systems for practitioners worldwide, announced today the launch of PICO Genesis, an innovative procedure that introduces a new&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Cutera: Seek Attractive Investment Returns Elsewhere Seeking Alpha  - Mar 24, 2015 Aesthetic equipment market is large and growing, but Cutera faces an uphill battle in gaining market share from competitors.'
p10
a.