(lp0
S'Trading Focus: Checking ATR Levels for Cousins Properties Inc  Baxter Review - 12 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Cousins Properties Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.15. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in order ...'
p1
aS"Cousins Properties to Buy Parkway for $1.95 Billion in Stock Bloomberg - Apr 29, 2016 Cousins Properties Inc. agreed to buy Parkway Properties Inc. for about $1.95 billion in stock, then spin off the combined company's Houston office buildings into a separate real estate investment trust.Cousins Properties buying Parkway in $2B-plus deal, exiting Houston office market - Atlanta Business ChronicleCousins Properties To Merge With Parkway Properties And Simultaneously Spin ... - PR Newswire "
p2
aS'Cousins Properties Inc  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago Cousins Properties logo Cousins Properties Inc  declared a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, March 21st. Investors of record on Monday, April 3rd will be given a dividend of 0.06 per share by the real estate investment trust on Thursday, April 13th.Burning Stock on the move: Cousins Properties Incorporated  - HugoPressAnalytical Guide for Cousins Properties Incorporated , QEP Resources, Inc ... - The USA Commerce'
p3
aS'Cousins Properties Inc.: Cousins Properties Announces Its First Quarter 2017 ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 10, 2017 ATLANTA, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cousins Properties Incorporated  announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per common share for the first quarter of 2017.'
p4
aS"Cousins Properties  Q4 FFO in Line, Revenues Up Y/Y Yahoo Finance - Feb 9, 2017 Cousins Properties Inc. CUZ reported fourth-quarter 2016 funds from operations  per share of 7 cents, against 23 cents reported in the year-ago period.Cousins Properties'  CEO Larry Gellerstedt on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"Cousins Closes Merger with Parkway and Prepares to Spin Off Combined Company's ... PR Newswire  - Oct 6, 2016 ATLANTA, Oct. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cousins Properties Incorporated   announced today the completion of its previously announced merger with Parkway Properties, Inc.  . The common stock of the&nbsp;...Cousins Properties closes acquisition of Parkway  here's how it affects Austin - Austin Business JournalCousins closes on Parkway Properties merger - Atlanta Business Chronicle"
p6
aS"Cousins Properties  Announces Completion of Parkway  Spin-off StreetInsider.com - Oct 7, 2016 Cousins Properties Incorporated  announced it has completed the spin-off of Parkway, Inc. , a new, independent REIT that will be publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol &quot;PKY.After $2B deal, some of Tampa's biggest corporate names have a new landlord - Tampa Bay Business Journal"
p7
aS"What we know about the properties in Cousins and Parkway's Houston spinoff Houston Business Journal - May 3, 2016 Orlando-based Parkway Properties Inc.  and Atlanta-based Cousins Properties Inc.  are combining in a multibillion-dollar deal, and the merger's Houston impacts are still being realized."
p8
aS'Cousins Properties , Parkway Properties  Receive Shareholder ... StreetInsider.com - Aug 23, 2016 Cousins Properties Incorporated   and Parkway Properties, Inc.   announced that at special meetings held earlier today stockholders of both companies approved all proposals related to the previously&nbsp;...Cousins Properties and Parkway Properties stockholders approve merger - Atlanta Business Chronicle'
p9
aS"Cousins Properties close to a deal to sell iconic One Ninety One Peachtree tower Atlanta Business Chronicle - Sep 28, 2016 Cousins Properties Inc. is close to a deal to sell its 50-story One Ninety One Peachtree tower in downtown Atlanta, one of the most recognizable buildings on the city's skyline."
p10
a.