(lp0
S'Curtiss-Wright Corp.  Given Consensus Rating of Hold by Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - 11 hours ago Curtiss-Wright Corp. logo Shares of Curtiss-Wright Corp.  have earned an average recommendation of Hold from the six ratings firms that are presently covering the firm.CW Makes Notable Cross Below Critical Moving Average - NasdaqHot Stocks Report: US Concrete, Inc. , Curtiss-Wright Corporation  - Post Analyst'
p1
aS"Penn State, World War II and the Curtiss-Wright Cadettes Penn State News - 16 hours ago Unable to hire enough men during World War II, aviation manufacturer Curtiss-Wright Corp. offered to pay for women's technical training in aeronautical engineering at eight institutions of higher education across the country, with the understanding ..."
p2
aS'Defense contractor Curtiss-Wright officially open for business Allentown Morning Call - Apr 3, 2015 Todd Schurra  general manager of Curtiss-Wright Corp., accepts an award from Northampton County Executive John Brown during Lehigh Valley Economic Development Corp.'
p3
aS'The Credit Agricole SA Increases Stake in Curtiss-Wright Corp.  Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Credit Agricole S A increased its position in Curtiss-Wright Corp.  by 68.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Mover within Investors Observation: Curtiss-Wright Corporation  - Is stories'
p4
aS'Curtiss-Wright pays $233M for Pennsylvania flight-data equipment company Charlotte Business Journal - Jan 5, 2017 Charlotte-based Curtiss-Wright Corp. is paying $233 million for a Pennsylvania company that makes equipment to collect and use data onboard aerospace and defense vehicles.Curtiss-Wright Completes Acquisition of Teletronics Technology Corporation - Yahoo FinanceBucks firm working on F-35 warplanes Trump questioned is sold for $233M: Update - Philly.com '
p5
aS"Curtiss-Wright tops 4Q profit forecasts Yahoo Finance - Feb 15, 2017 CHARLOTTE, N.C.  _ Curtiss-Wright Corp.  on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter profit of $68.6 million. The Charlotte, North Carolina-based company said it had profit of $1.53 per share.Curtiss-Wright Corp.  Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0 ... - Highland MirrorWhat you need to know about Curtiss-Wright Corporation's  future? - Simply Wall St"
p6
aS"BRIEF-Curtiss-Wright to acquire Teletronics for $233 mln in cash Reuters - Dec 7, 2016 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Curtiss-Wright acquires Teletronics Technology Corporation UPI.com - Jan 6, 2017 CHARLOTTE, N.C., Jan. 6  -- Aerospace and defense contractor Curtiss-Wright has finalized its purchase of flight test instrumentation designer Teletronics Technology Corporation. With the acquisition complete, Curtiss-Wright gains access to TTC's ..."
p8
aS'Insider Selling: Curtiss-Wright Corp.  CEO Sells $1600178.58 in Stock Chaffey Breeze - Mar 8, 2017 Curtiss-Wright Corp. logo Curtiss-Wright Corp.  CEO David Charles Adams sold 16,434 shares of Curtiss-Wright Corp. stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $97.37, for a total transaction of&nbsp;...Royce &amp; Associates LP Raises Position in Curtiss-Wright Corp.  - The Cerbat GemThe Seaport Global Securities Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Curtiss ... - DailyQuint'
p9
aS'Curtiss-Wright to Acquire Teletronics Technology Corporation Yahoo Finance - Dec 7, 2016 Curtiss-Wright Corporation  today announced that it has entered into a definitive stock purchase agreement to acquire Teletronics Technology Corporation  for $233 million in cash.Curtiss-Wright Inks $233M Deal To Purchase Tech Co. - Law360 '
p10
a.