(lp0
S"Specialty Chemicals Company China XD Plastics Company Limited Announces ... PR Newswire  - Mar 18, 2017 HARBIN, China, March 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's leading specialty chemical players engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of&nbsp;...China XD Plastics  Agrees to 300K Metric Ton Tons of Plastics New ... - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS'CHINA XD PLASTICS COMPANY LIMITED  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - 17 hours ago China XD Plastics Company Limited  is a specialty chemical company. The Company is engaged in the research, development, manufacture and sale of modified plastics for automotive applications in China and to a lesser extent, in Dubai, the&nbsp;...Revenue Update on China XD Plastics Co Ltd - Energy Index'
p2
aS"China XD Plastics Announces Receipt of Preliminary Non-Binding &quot;Going Private ... PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2017 HARBIN, China, Feb. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's specialty chemical players engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of modified plastics&nbsp;...Would You Buy China XD Plastics Company Limited  On These Analyst Ratings? - Fiscal Standard"
p3
aS'Investor Review: Focusing in on Shares of China XD Plastics Co Ltd  Baxter Review - 14 hours ago Active traders have a wide variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. Presently, the 14-day ATR for China XD Plastics Co Ltd  is spotted at 0.13. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may ...'
p4
aS"Specialty Chemical Company China XD Plastics Announces Results of 2016 Annual ... PR Newswire  - Dec 5, 2016 HARBIN, China, Dec. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's leading specialty chemical companies engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"China XD Plastics Announces that Subsidiary Xinda Holding  Company Limited ... PR Newswire  - Aug 29, 2016 HARBIN, China, Aug. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's specialty chemical players engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of modified plastics primarily for&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Specialty Chemicals Company China XD Plastics Schedules Fourth Quarter and ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 HARBIN, China, March 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's leading specialty chemical producers engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of polymer&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"China XD Plastics to delist from NASDAQ; firm's chairman, Morgan Stanley PE ... DEALSTREETASIA - Feb 20, 2017 China XD Plastics Company Ltd - a specialty chemical player that makes modified plastics for automotive applications - is delisting the company from the NASDAQ."
p8
aS"Specialty Chemical Company China XD Plastics Announces Third Quarter 2016 ... PR Newswire  - Nov 9, 2016 China XD Plastics Company Limited  , one of China's leading specialty chemical companies engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of polymer composite materials primarily for automotive&nbsp;...China XD Plastics'  CEO Jie Han on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'China XD privatization plan criticized Plastics News - Mar 17, 2017 Some stock analysts and investors are sharply criticizing the privatization plans of automotive compounder China XD Plastics Co. Ltd., saying it undervalues the company. In a March 16 conference call, analysts following the Harbin, China-based company&nbsp;...'
p10
a.