(lp0
S'Solvay to Buy Cytec Industries for $5.5 Billion Wall Street Journal - Jul 29, 2015 BRUSSELSBelgium-based chemicals company Solvay SA on Wednesday said it is buying U.S. counterpart Cytec Industries Inc. for $5.5 billion in a bid to become a major player in the production of light-weight materials for airplanes and high-end cars.Cytec Industries  Stock Spikes, Acquired by Solvay for $5.5 Billion - TheStreet.comSolvay Agrees to Buy Composite Maker Cytec for $5.5 Billion - Bloomberg'
p1
aS'Cytec Industries finalizes acquisition of Umeco High Performance Composites - Jul 24, 2012 On July 20, Cytec Industries Inc.  announced the completion of its acquisition of Umeco Plc (Heanor, Derbyshire, U.K.'
p2
aS'High-Performance Fibers Market - Toray Industries, Cytec Industries Inc ... PR Newswire  - Oct 19, 2015 Mordor Intelligence releases their report on the Global High-Performance Fibers Market. The report elucidates the situation of high-performance fibers around the world and studies the markets by type which include Polybenzimidazole  Fiber, Carbon&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Public hearing on tax break for Cytec Industries Inc. expansion in Kalamazoo ... Kalamazoo Gazette - MLive.com - Dec 4, 2012 Cytec is a global specialty chemicals and materials company. Cytec Engineered Materials is a division of Cytec that produces aerospace prepregs and resin systems, aerospace adhesives and surfacing, carbon fiber, industrial adhesives, surfacing and&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Solvay completes Cytec takeover Plastics News - Dec 10, 2015 Solvay SA will target business opportunities in advanced lightweighting materials for the aerospace and automotive industries and in specialty chemicals for mining, following its acquisition of Cytec Industries Inc. Following the 6.2 billion euro ($5.5 ...'
p5
aS"Cytec Mining Chemicals Mining Technology - May 28, 2005 As the right partner, with the right chemical technologies at just the right time, 2015 marks 100 years of Cytec Solvay Group's leadership and commitment to the mining industry. Cytec Solvay Group enables customers to improve productivity and reduce&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Cytec Industries, Jaguar Land Rover strike auto composites agreement High Performance Composites - Aug 20, 2012 Cytec Industries Inc.  announced on Aug. 13 that it has entered into a strategic collaboration with Coventry, U.K.'
p7
aS'CAMX 2014 preview: Cytec Industries High Performance Composites - Aug 1, 2014 Carbon fiber and resins specialist Cytec Industries Inc.  will feature its full portfolio of structural and tooling prepregs, resin infusion systems and structural adhesives that are complemented by a range of process materials.'
p8
aS"Cytec accuses Chinese company of IP infringement Plastics News - Sep 19, 2016 Cytec Industries Inc. is suing China's Yantai Sunshow Specialty Chemical Co. Ltd., alleging that it violated Cytec patents in its Polymer Additives business."
p9
aS'JEC Europe 2015 preview: Cytec Industries High Performance Composites - Mar 1, 2015 Cytec Industries Inc.  is launching bismaleimide  versions of is DForm fabric tooling prepreg. New Product: 3/1/2015.'
p10
a.