(lp0
S'Proposed Merger of Caesars Entertainment and Caesars Acquisition Approved by ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 LAS VEGAS, March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   today announced that the Maryland Lottery and Gaming Control Commission has approved its proposed merger with Caesars&nbsp;...Process allowing Caesars Ent. Corp. to emerge from bankruptcy moves forward - GamingTodaySlotsTodayOption Market Alert: Caesars Entertainment Corporation Implied Price Swing ... - CML News'
p1
aS'Caesars Entertainment Corporation  Receives An Update From Brokers The De Soto Edge - Jan 17, 2017 12/14/2015 - Caesars Entertainment Corporation had its  rating reiterated by analysts at Barclays. They now have a USD 9 price target on the stock.'
p2
aS"Caesars Entertainment Corp's Odds of Survival Just Plummeted Motley Fool - Aug 29, 2016 The day of reckoning may finally be here for Caesars Entertainment  after a judge ruled the company will have to face $11 billion in bondholder lawsuits.US judge denies Caesars Entertainment extension of shield from lawsuits - Las Vegas Review-JournalCaesars Entertainment Corp : The Shell Game Is Over - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"Why Caesars Entertainment Corp.'s Shares Popped 34% Today Motley Fool - Sep 22, 2016 Shares of gaming company Caesars Entertainment Corp.  jumped as much as 33.8% today after management announced an offer to reorganize bankrupt subsidiary Caesars Entertainment Operating Company .Caesars Entertainment Corporation  Proposes Enhanced Contributions ... - Scibility MediaCaesars Bankruptcy Brawl With Creditors May Be Near Finale - Bloomberg"
p4
aS"Why Caesars Entertainment Corp.'s Shares Dropped 18% Today Motley Fool - Sep 27, 2016 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp.  plunged as much as 17.5% on Tuesday after a preliminary agreement was reached on restructuring bankrupt subsidiary Caesars Entertainment Operating Company .Caesars Entertainment, Caesars Entertainment Operating Co. Announce Key ... - PR Newswire Caesars Entertainment to Emerge From Chapter 11 Bankruptcy - New York Times"
p5
aS"What's Going on With Caesars Entertainment Corp? Motley Fool - Jul 11, 2016 To the outside world, it may seem like owning a casino is the next best thing to printing money, but as the number of casino failures over the years shows, that's not the case.Caesars Entertainment Corporation and Caesars Acquisition Company Announce ... - PR Newswire Caesars Entertainment, Caesars Acquisition amend merger deal - Reuters"
p6
aS"Why Caesars Entertainment Corp's Shares Plunged 13% in December Motley Fool - Jan 5, 2017 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp  jumped 13.3% in December, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the company agreed to a reorganization plan that may finally lead to its biggest subsidiary emerging from&nbsp;...With $150M and Counting in Big Law Bills, Caesars Bankruptcy Approaches Finish ... - The American Lawyer"
p7
aS'Caesars Entertainment Corporation and Caesars Acquisition Company Announce ... PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 LAS VEGAS, Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   and Caesars Acquisition Company   today announced that they have amended the terms of&nbsp;...Caesars Entertainment Corporation: Caesars Entertainment Operating Company ... - The Wall Street TranscriptCaesars Entertainment Corporation  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... - Market Exclusive'
p8
aS"Why Caesars Entertainment Corp's Shares Popped 10% Today Motley Fool - Jun 15, 2016 Caesars Entertainment owns nearly half of the Las Vegas Strip, and it's teetering on the edge of bankruptcy. Image source: Getty Images.Caesars Wins Temporary Halt to Creditor Suits Over Debts - BloombergCaesars wins temporary halt to creditor lawsuits over debt promise - Las Vegas Review-Journal"
p9
aS"Ruben Sigala Appointed Chief Marketing Officer of Caesars Entertainment PR Newswire  - Dec 21, 2016 LAS VEGAS, Dec. 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   today announced that Ruben Sigala has been appointed Chief Marketing Officer , effective&nbsp;...Caesars Names Sigala CMO - O'Dwyer's PR News"
p10
a.