(lp0
S"Why Shares of Daktronics Inc. Tumbled Today Motley Fool - Jun 1, 2016 So what: Daktronics reported quarterly revenue of $138.5 million, down 12.4% year over year, and about $17.7 million below the average analyst estimate.What Are Daktronics, Inc.  Chiefs Saying After Disappointing F4Q? - Scibility MediaDaktronics'  CEO Reece Kurtenbach on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Daktronics, Inc. Stock Up 19% on Earnings: Here's What You Need to Know Motley Fool - Aug 23, 2016 These kinds of major display projects can make Daktronics' results swing from quarter to quarter. Image source: Daktronics. What: Shares of specialty large-screen display-maker Daktronics, Inc.  are up 19.2% at 1:49 p.m. EDT on August 23,&nbsp;...The Big Surprise By Daktronics, Inc.  - Scibility Media"
p2
aS'Traders Take Note: Daktronics Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - 16 hours ago Take Note: Daktronics Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Daktronics Well Positioned To Benefit From Increasing Global Infrastructure ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 Daktronics Inc., the industry leader, designs, manufactures, and sells a range of electronic display systems and related products worldwide.'
p4
aS"Daktronics, Inc. Is Not a Stock for the Impatient Motley Fool - Nov 24, 2015 Three months ago, Daktronics  missed Wall Street's first-quarter estimates but noted that long-term orders were still healthy."
p5
aS'Daktronics breaks record with new halo display Sioux Falls Argus Leader - Nov 4, 2016 Brookings-based Daktronics Inc. has designed and engineered the largest LED video display in sports. The project for Mercedes-Benz Stadium, home of the Atlanta Falcons and Atlanta United FC, is being manufactured and installed by Daktronics.'
p6
aS'First Ever Halo Display Engineered By Daktronics For Mercedes-Benz Stadium GlobeNewswire  - Nov 1, 2016 BROOKINGS, S.D., Nov. 01, 2016  -- The largest LED video display in all of sports has been designed and engineered, and is now being manufactured and installed, by Daktronics  of Brookings, South Dakota, for&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Daktronics to supply scoreboard, digital displays in and around new Bucks arena Milwaukee Business Journal - Feb 21, 2017 Daktronics Inc. will outfit the new Milwaukee Bucks arena and surrounding development in downtown Milwaukee with digital displays.Daktronics to outfit digital displays at new Bucks arena - Daily ReporterVIDEO: Milwaukee Bucks announce Daktronics as arena video display partner - WTMJ   '
p8
aS'Daktronics, Inc.  Position Raised by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al BNB Daily  - 18 hours ago Daktronics logo Tudor Investment Corp Et Al boosted its stake in shares of Daktronics, Inc.  by 85.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p9
aS'Following the Average True Range Indicator for Daktronics Inc  Baxter Review - 10 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Daktronics Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.27. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in order to&nbsp;...'
p10
a.