(lp0
S'Form 8-K DANA INC For: Mar 21 StreetInsider.com - Mar 21, 2017 On March 21, 2017, Dana Incorporated  issued a news release announcing the commencement of a tender offer  to purchase for cash up to $75 million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 5.375% Senior Notes due 2021&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Dana Inc. purchases Michigan plant Toledo Blade - Feb 14, 2017 Dana Inc. said Monday it has reached an agreement to purchase a Michigan automotive plant, U.S. Manufacturing Corp., that makes axle and drive shaft parts for commercial and passenger vehicles, including the Toledo-built Jeep Wrangler.Dana Inc. to Acquire US Manufacturing Corporation's Michigan Operations - PR Newswire Dana to buy US Manufacturing Corp.'s operations in Warren for $100 million - Crain's Detroit Business"
p2
aS'Dana Holding changes name to Dana Inc. Toledo Blade - Jul 21, 2016 Dana Holding Corp., a global automotive parts supplier based in Maumee, announced today it will change its name to Dana Inc., effective Aug. 1. Also announced was its second quarter earnings, in which Dana had lower profits and lower sales.Dana Holding Corporation to Change Name to Dana Incorporated - PR Newswire '
p3
aS"Owens will train new Dana Inc. plant workers Toledo Blade - Dec 6, 2016 Owens Community College will train more than 220 new Dana Inc. plant workers hired to work at the company's North Toledo manufacturing facility now under construction in the Overland Industrial Park."
p4
aS'Dana Inc  Stake Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Chaffey Breeze - Mar 20, 2017 Dana logo Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its stake in Dana Inc  by 3.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.Featured Stock to See: Dana Incorporated  - HugoPress'
p5
aS"Dana Inc. Acquires Brevini Group Businesses Hydraulics & Pneumatics    - Dec 29, 2016 Officials at Dana Inc., Maumee, Ohio, recently announced the acquisition of Brevini's Fluid Power and Tranmission Groups of Brevini SpA, Reggio Emilia The acquisition will immediately expand Dana's product portfolio with adjacent technologies and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Dana Inc. completes acquisition of US Manufacturing Corporation's Michigan ... Automotive World  - Mar 1, 2017 Dana Incorporated  announced today that it has completed its $100 million acquisition of the axle housing and driveline shaft manufacturing operations of U.S."
p7
aS"Dana exec tapped for President's jobs council Toledo Blade - Jan 28, 2017 President Trump has selected the chief executive officer of Dana Inc. to join an advisory council that will focus on boosting jobs in the manufacturing sector.Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative - Daily CallerTrump taps Mich. business leaders for jobs initiative - The Detroit News"
p8
aS"Steering Attention Towards Earnings; Analysts Weigh in on Dana Inc. (NYSE:DAN ... Aiken Advocate - 12 hours ago Company earnings numbers are typically highly analyzed by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can provide insight into a company's profitability."
p9
aS"Stocks for your portfolio  Cousins Properties Inc , Dana Inc  Wall Street Times  - 19 hours ago Cousins Properties Inc  traded at a yearly high level of $11.40 during the last trading session. The last session's volume of 4.52 million shares was lower than its average volume of 7.32 million shares."
p10
a.