(lp0
S"Tableau Software May Face A Very High Profile Competitor In Google Benzinga - Mar 7, 2017 Tableau Software Inc  fell as low as 2.6 percent Tuesday on news that Alphabet Inc 's rival tool, Data Studio, debuted in more than 180 countries."
p1
aS"JMP Securities Reiterates Outperform Rating for Tableau Software Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 16 hours ago Tableau Software logo Tableau Software Inc 's stock had its outperform rating reiterated by stock analysts at JMP Securities in a research report issued on Monday.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Tableau Software, Inc. , Box, Inc ... - The USA CommerceThe Tableau Software Inc  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by ... - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'Tableau Software, Inc.  Buckles Under The Trend Lines Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago We see here that Tableau Software, Inc.  is -5.86% away from the 20-Day Simple Moving Average. Their 50-Day Simple Moving Average is a difference of -4.29% from current levels.'
p3
aS'Tableau Software Inc  Being Defended By JMP After Gartner Analytics ... Smrt Stck Nws - Mar 20, 2017 JMP maintains its market Outperform rating and $65 price target on Tableau Software Inc.  after recently attending the Gartner Data and Analytics Summit.'
p4
aS"Market Rover: Looking at Levels on Shares of Tableau Software Inc. Class A  The Standard - 14 hours ago Currently, Tableau Software Inc. Class A 's Williams Percent Range or 14 day Williams %R is resting at -92.06. Values can range from 0 to -100."
p5
aS'Tableau Software Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Tableau Software Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p6
aS"Tableau Software Inc.: Tableau Expands Fremont Campus with Headquarters Move ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 2, 2017 SEATTLE, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tableau Software , a global leader in visual analytics, has relocated its global headquarters in Seattle.Tableau Software Inc  Downgraded by Robert W. Baird - The Cerbat GemSneak peek: Tour Tableau Software's new Seattle headquarters  - Puget Sound Business Journal "
p7
aS"Fast Growing Stock in Focus: Tableau Software, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 7 hours ago Shaers of Tableau Software, Inc.  have been recommended as a long term growth pick. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $48.11, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the recent years."
p8
aS"The Tableau Software's  Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Rosenblatt Securities Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Rosenblatt Securities reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Tableau Software Inc  in a research note published on Monday morning."
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Fortinet Inc  is Beating Tableau Software Inc ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Tableau Software Inc  versus Fortinet Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.