(lp0
S"RCN Launches New Starpower Internet Phone Service, Expanding Telecom Services ... Business Wire  - Jan 14, 2008 ... announced today the launch of its new Starpower Internet Phone Service. RCN's Starpower Internet Phone Service is powered by the Hosted Consumer VoIP Solution of deltathree, Inc. , a leading provider of SIP-based VoIP solutions for&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Waze Deal Primes Israel's Silicon Wadi for Wave of Investment Bloomberg - Jun 12, 2013 Bardin, who previously ran online-video startup Intercast Networks and co-founded online-calling service Deltathree Inc., has increased his presence in the Israeli startup scene in recent years, speaking at conferences and appearing at technology ..."
p2
aS'The Waze millionaires Globes - Jun 10, 2013 Waze Ltd. CTO Ehud Shabtai co-founded the company in 2006, after receiving a GPS system from a friend. He was enthusiastic about the product, and decided to write an application that would allow people to share information about speed cameras.'
p3
aS'So, You Want to Move Your Startup to Silicon Valley. Now What? Entrepreneur - Dec 29, 2014 I consider myself somewhat of an expert on this subject since I led three companies with dual US/Israel offices  and I can proudly say that I have made every mistake possible The reasons for a move are clear, but not ...'
p4
aS'High school: Delta three-peats in 3A wrestling Salt Lake Tribune - Feb 13, 2011 Top Jobs Arrow Henkel &amp; Sun Products Machine Operators - Mechanics - Automa... Top Jobs Arrow Utah College Of Applied Technology PRESIDENT SEARCH... Top Jobs Arrow Apex Solar Appointment Setter... Top Jobs Arrow The Eye Institute Of Utah, Inc.'
p5
aS'Zula, The Team Communication App From VoIP Pioneer Jeff Pulver, Raises Further $3M TechCrunch - Jun 11, 2014 Israeli startup Zula, the team communication app founded by VoIP pioneers Jeff Pulver  and Jacob Ner-David , has closed a $3 million series A round. The round was led by Morton Meyerson of 2M, who is joined by Ourcrowd, Microsoft&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'uMake Raises $5.2M To Take On AutoDesk And Others In The World Of 3D Design TechCrunch - Dec 3, 2015 The 3D market has seen an explosion of interest on the back of new hardware to create and experience it, from 3D cameras and VR headgear through to 3D printers; and a raft of popular content that has taken advantage of this.'
p7
aS'#Defense and #Security #Stocks to Watch InvestorIdeas.com  - Feb 7, 2017 CACI International Inc.  provides information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian clients.'
p8
aS"VIDEO: Anti-bullying 'flash mob' unites 700 students, BC Lions players in ... Surrey Now - Feb 29, 2016 NORTH DELTA - Three members of the BC Lions showed their dance moves during an anti-bullying flash mob at North Delta Secondary on Wednesday, Feb. 24, otherwise known as Pink Shirt Day."
p9
aS"The right time for VoIP CNNMoney.com - Jun 2, 2005 The only VoIP stock that has done reasonably well recently is deltathree , up about 10 percent this year. In the past, I've taken a couple of looks at this sector and I've been skeptical."
p10
a.