(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  KeyCorp Lowers Its Price Target On DDR Corp  to ... Market Exclusive - 5 hours ago DDR Corp. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust. It operates through two segments: shopping centers and loan investments.Hot Stock for Investors: DDR Corp.  - HugoPressDDR Corp  Hits New 1-Year Low Following Analyst Downgrade - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"DDR Corp.'s new executive team will stay in New York; C-suite shakeup comes at ... cleveland.com - Mar 8, 2017 BEACHWOOD, Ohio -- DDR Corp. expects to incur $10 million in costs tied to C-suite changes the shopping-center landlord announced last week.New DDR Corp. leaders land sweet earnings packages - Crain's Cleveland BusinessDDR Corp.'s Board Names David Lukes as President and CEO - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"DDR Corp. has yet another CEO change, as new leadership team steps in from ... cleveland.com - Mar 3, 2017 BEACHWOOD, Ohio -- The revolving door at DDR Corp.'s top office has swung around again, less than a year after the real estate company's last CEO change.DDR Corp. makes another change in the CEO role - Crain's Cleveland BusinessDDR Corp. Names David Lukes President &amp; CEO - Quick Facts - Nasdaq"
p3
aS"Analyst's Proposition on Laredo Petroleum, Inc. , DDR Corp.  The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 The share price is now down -2.30% for the past three months. Latest closing price was -2.01% below its 50-day moving average and 6.34% above its 200-day moving average.Looking Mainly At Fundamentals: DDR Corp. , CenterPoint Energy, Inc.  - USA Commerce Daily"
p4
aS"REIT Stocks on Investors' Radar -- GGP Inc., Kimco Realty, DDR Corp., and CBL ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Stock-Callers.com has initiated coverage on the following Retail REITs: GGP Inc. , Kimco Realty Corp. , DDR Corp. , and CBL &amp; Associates Properties Inc. . These real estate investment trusts belong to the&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Featured Stock: DDR Corp.  HugoPress - 18 hours ago Sandler O'Neill Downgrades DDR Corp. 's stock to Hold with the price target of $14. This rating was issued on 3/13/17."
p6
aS'Why This 6% Yielding REIT Stock Is A Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 DDR Corp.  shares have slid ~25 percent in the last year. I believe the decline is not justified, because the company has a solid real estate portfolio and strong dividend coverage stats.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: The Macerich Company  is Beating DDR Corp.  CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for DDR Corp.  versus The Macerich Company  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Analyst Activity  Canaccord Genuity Lowers Its Price Target On DDR Corp (NYSE ... Market Exclusive - Feb 25, 2017 Today, Canaccord Genuity lowered its price target on DDR Corp  to $16.00 per share. There are 2 sell ratings, 8 hold ratings, 3 buy ratings on the stock.DDR Corp  Given New $16.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity - Community Financial NewsCompany Shares of DDR Corp.  Rally 1.17% - Highland Mirror'
p9
aS"DDR Corp.  Closed the Last Trading Session with decrease of -0.16% The Newburgh Press - 16 hours ago Considering the performance, DDR Corp. 's shares have the potential to reach a high EPS of 0.03 per share, and a low EPS of -0.01 per share in the current quarter."
p10
a.