(lp0
S'Former Dean Foods Chairman Describes Sharing Company Secrets in New York ... The Daily Meal - 13 hours ago This week, professional gambler William Billy Walters went to trial for allegedly using insider tips from former Dean Foods Co. chairman Thomas Davis. Walters is accused of profiting from confidential company information, gaining him more than $40 ...Ex-Dean Foods chair describes giving secrets to pro gambler - Chron.com'
p1
aS'In Stark Terms, Ex-Chairman of Dean Foods Describes Passing Along Tips New York Times - Mar 22, 2017 The former chairman of Dean Foods testified in Federal District Court in Manhattan on Tuesday that he had provided an enormous amount of inside information about the company to a friend and golfing partner, the Las Vegas sports gambler William T.Dean Foods Co  Lifted to Overweight at Morgan Stanley - The Cerbat GemThe Dean Foods Co  Upgraded to Overweight at Morgan Stanley - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"Vegas gambler bets on swaying jury in insider case starring Dean Foods' ex ... Dallas News  - Mar 15, 2017 Walters, 70, is accused by the U.S. of reaping the illegal profits over six years based on boardroom secrets passed to him by his friend, Tom C. Davis, the former chairman of Dallas-based Dean Foods Co. The two met more than 20 years ago on a Southern&nbsp;...Walters' insider trading defense hinges on US government witness: lawyer - WHTCGolfer Phil Mickelson called key in $40M insider trading trial - CBS News"
p3
aS'Lower milk costs seen boosting Dean Foods Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 JPMorgan DF)+to+Overweight%3B+First+Positive+Rating+in+Nearly+7+Years/12679526.html&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot;&gt;lifts Dean Foods  to an Overweight rating after having it lined up at Neutral. &quot;Though we still have many questions about Dean- e.g., the&nbsp;...Dean Foods Says Merger Conspiracy Claim Is A No-Go - Law360 Analyst Upgrades  Dean Foods Co  Stock Gets Upgraded By Morgan ... - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS'Dean Foods: Investing In Dairy Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 ... Dean Foods . The firm owns Berkeley Farms, which provides my local geographical location  with fluid milk, such as its Dairy Pure brand - which generally occupies my fridge after every trip to the grocery store.'
p5
aS'Dean Foods Company  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 16, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 Dean Foods Company  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 16, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.09 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 29, 2017.The Dean Foods Co  Shares Sold by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al - Petro Global News 24State Street Corp Buys 130131 Shares of Dean Foods Co  - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: WisdomTree Investments, Inc. , Dean ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Dean Foods Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 6.86, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p7
aS"Dean Foods Co  Climbing Higher 5.19% Business Review - 12 hours ago Dean Foods Co  shares have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 5.19% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p8
aS"Dean Foods Co  True Range Trending Higher Business Review - Mar 21, 2017 Now we'll take a look at how the fundamentals are stacking up for Dean Foods Co . Fundamental analysis takes into consideration market, industry and stock conditions to help determine if the shares are correctly valued."
p9
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Dean Foods Company  Stock Gets Upgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Feb 28, 2017 Today, Dean Foods Company  stock received an upgrade by Vertical Research from Hold to Buy. There are 2 sell ratings, 3 hold ratings, 5 buy ratings on the stock.Stock Returns: Dean Foods Company  versus John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son ... - CML NewsDean Foods Company  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 27 - Equities.com'
p10
a.