(lp0
S'RG Barry Corp. $215M acquisition finalized, company now private Columbus Business First - Sep 5, 2014 We believe that under a new, private ownership structure, R.G. Barry can be more flexible and will be better able to implement and execute its long-term strategic plan, including its ongoing acquisition efforts, Naveen Bhatia, of Blackstone, said in ...Mill Road Capital and Blackstone Announce Completion of Going Private ... - PR Newswire '
p1
aS'RG Barry Corporation Signs Merger Agreement With Mill Road Capital And Reports ... PR Newswire  - May 2, 2014 PICKERINGTON, Ohio, May 2, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Accessories marketer R.G. Barry Corporation  and Mill Road Capital, a private equity firm, announced today the signing of a merger agreement pursuant to which Mill Road will acquire all of&nbsp;...Dearfoams maker RG Barry being sold - Columbus DispatchMill Road to Acquire RG Barry Corporation  for $19/Share - StreetInsider.com '
p2
aS'RG Barry Corporation Purchases Foot Petals PR Newswire  - Jan 28, 2011 PICKERINGTON, Ohio, Jan. 28, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Accessory footwear and slipper marketer R.G. Barry Corporation  today announced that it has completed the purchase of substantially all of the assets of Foot Petals, LLC.'
p3
aS"David P. Lauer Elected RG Barry Corp. Interim Lead Director PR Newswire  - Feb 4, 2014 PICKERINGTON, Ohio, Feb. 3, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- R. G. Barry Corporation  announced today that in concert with the Company's succession plan following the death of its Chairman of the Board Gordon Zacks, the Board of Directors has&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'RG Barry Corporation to Acquire baggallini PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2011 PICKERINGTON, Ohio, March 16, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Accessory products and slipper marketer R.G. Barry Corporation  and baggallini, Inc., have entered into a definitive agreement for R.G.Slipper-maker RG Barry Corp. to buy Baggallini - OregonLive.com Baggallini acquired in $33.8M deal - Bizjournals.com'
p5
aS"RG Barry Brands Chairman Gordon Zacks Dies Following Brief Illness PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2014 R.G. Barry Corporation  Chairman of the Board Gordon B. Zacks, the globe-trotting businessman, author and lecturer who grew the small company founded by his parents into the world's largest developer and marketer of soft, washable ."
p6
aS'RG Barry, maker of Dearfoams, to be sold Columbus Dispatch - May 3, 2014 R.G. Barry Corp. reached agreement yesterday to be sold to Mill Road Capital, which already owns a 9.8 percent stake in the company.'
p7
aS'RG Barry Expands Footwear Distribution Deal With UTi Integrated Logistics PR Newswire  - Sep 6, 2011 6, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Accessories marketer R.G. Barry Corporation  and UTi Integrated Logistics, LLC, a subsidiary of UTi Worldwide, Inc.,  have entered into an expanded distribution agreement under which UTi will provide&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"RG Barry will stick with Mill Road acquisition plan Columbus Dispatch - Jun 18, 2014 With two suitors interested in buying the company, R.G. Barry Corp. announced yesterday that it will move ahead with an offer made by private-equity firm Mill Road Capital, saying the second offer was no better than Mill Road's."
p9
aS'Mill Road Capital Bids $225 Million for RG Barry Founded by Florence Zacks Melton Jewish Business News - Sep 15, 2013 On September 11th, 2013, Nasdaq listed Ohio slipper manufacturer RG Barry Corporation  filed a Schedule 13D form with the Securities and Exchange Commission  indicating that funds managed by Greenwich Connecticut based private equity&nbsp;...'
p10
a.