(lp0
S"Dollar General Corporation announces the retirement of its EVP and CMO James ... EPR Retail News  - 19 hours ago GOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn., 2017-Mar-22 - /EPR Retail News/ - Dollar General Corporation  today  announced James Jim W. Thorpe , executive vice president and chief merchandising officer , will retire from Dollar&nbsp;...Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Dollar General Corp.'s Q1 2018 Earnings  - The Cerbat GemDollar General Corp.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS"Dollar General Corp's  CEO Todd Vasos on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Good morning. My name is Kayla and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Dollar General Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Today is Thursday, March 16, 2017. [Operator Instructions]. This call ...Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is an All-Weather Buy - Investorplace.comDollar General Corp. stock turns bullish - FX Daily Report"
p2
aS"Why Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is Only Good When Things Are Bad Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 Dollar General Corp. , the store for people who can't get to a Wal-Mart Stores Inc  regularly, has gone nowhere in the three months since it last reported earnings.Earnings Preview - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Dollar General closes after inspectors report live rodents, insects found in store WLWT Cincinnati - Mar 20, 2017 The serious sanitation problems that shuttered a store in North Bend on Sunday are being addressed, according to a spokeswoman for Dollar General Corporation. Crystal Ghassemi, of Corporate Communications, indicated the effort will go beyond&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is the Ripest of the Bargain Bunch Investorplace.com - Mar 3, 2017 There is a lot of concern in the discount retailer space as TGT and other retailers continue to post uninspiring numbers. There was also some concern that merger of DLTR with Family Dollar would push DG to the side. But that hasn't happened. As a ..."
p5
aS'Dollar General Corporation performed Poor with a change of -2.22% in the Last ... Free Observer - 15 hours ago Earnings per share  breaks down the profitability of the company on a single share basis, and for Dollar General Corporation the EPS stands at 1.49 for the previous quarter, while the analysts predicted the EPS of the stock to be 1.41, suggesting ...'
p6
aS'Dollar General Corp.  Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital BNB Daily  - Mar 20, 2017 Dollar General Corp. logo Loop Capital reiterated their hold rating on shares of Dollar General Corp.  in a report published on Tuesday morning.'
p7
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on ... PR Newswire  - Feb 25, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pomerantz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed against Dollar General Corporation   and certain of its officers. The class action, filed in United&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Dollar General not yet 'committed' to proposed Penfield location Clearfield Progress - Mar 15, 2017 At the last township supervisors meeting, it was announced that a Dollar General was proposed for a location along Bennetts Valley Highway in Penfield."
p9
aS'Dollar General Corporation Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Dollar General Corporation  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.'
p10
a.