(lp0
S'Digital Ally, Inc. to Discuss Fourth Quarter 2016 and Year End Operating ... Marketwired  - Mar 16, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced digital technology products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial security applications, today&nbsp;...Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Digital Ally, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS'Digital Ally, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Operating Results Marketwired  - Nov 9, 2016 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial applications, today announced its&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Has Digital Ally Inc  Got Enough Cash To Cover Its Short-Term Obligations? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 Digital Ally Inc , which has zero-debt on its balance sheet, can maximize capital returns by increasing debt. The debt will reduce the cost of capital for the company.'
p3
aS"Digital Ally receives favorable ruling in lawsuit against Taser Seeking Alpha - Oct 14, 2016 Digital Ally  says that on October 13, 2016, the Federal District Court issued a ruling that denied the request of Taser International  to continue the stay of discovery on the Antitrust claims included in Digital Ally's ...Taser Isn't Sweating Digital Ally's Lawsuit Ruling - Benzinga"
p4
aS'American Medical Response Awards Digital Ally the Largest Commercial Order in ... Marketwired  - Jan 30, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc.  , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial&nbsp;...Digital Ally Surrenders Some Early Gains After Being Awarded Huge Contact - Benzinga'
p5
aS'Digital Ally, Inc.  investors have generally offloaded the stock after ... Post Analyst - Mar 20, 2017 Digital Ally, Inc.  is trading up on a volume of 0.05 million, or 0.63 times its standard daily volume.'
p6
aS'Digital Ally And Taser Battle Goes From The Court Room To The Press Benzinga - Dec 4, 2016 TASER International, Inc.  and Digital Ally, Inc.  have been locked in a bitter patent infringement lawsuit battle concerning auto-activation camera technology.'
p7
aS'Digital Ally And 3 Law Enforcement Stocks You May Have Never Heard Of Are Surging Benzinga - Jul 8, 2016 Shares of Digital Ally, Inc. , a producer of digital video image and storage products for use in law enforcement, surged higher by more than 50 percent to $6.27 on Friday following the deadly shooting in Dallas in which five police offers ...Digital Ally  Stock: Skyrocketing After Shootings - CNA Finance '
p8
aS"Digital Ally Will Remain Unprofitable Until 2017, Says Roth Benzinga - May 9, 2016 Digital Ally, Inc.  is scheduled to report its 1Q16 results after market close on May 10. ROTH Capital's William Gibson maintains a Neutral rating on the company, with a price target of $6."
p9
aS"High demand for police cameras not enough to make Digital Ally profitable MarketWatch - May 14, 2015 Shares of Digital Ally Inc. plunged 10% Thursday after the maker of body cameras and other video-surveillance products for police work reported being snagged by component shortages and budget dealings despite brisk demand for its wares.Digital Ally can't keep up with demand for police body cameras, and now the ... - Business Insider"
p10
a.