(lp0
S'Quest Diagnostics Reports Data Breach Wall Street Journal - Dec 12, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. said it is investigating a breach of one of its web applications, by which the health records of 34,000 individuals were accessed.Quest Data Breach: Personal Health Data Exposed in Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX ... - Investorplace.com'
p1
aS'Medical Laboratories Stocks Under Scanner -- Organovo, DexCom, Quest ... PR Newswire  - 19 hours ago This Wednesday, Stock-Callers.com has initiated reports coverage on the following Medical Laboratories &amp; Research equities: Organovo Holdings Inc. , DexCom Inc. , Quest Diagnostics Inc. , and Alere Inc.'
p2
aS"The Michael E. Prevoznik Sells 13987 Shares of Quest Diagnostics Inc  Stock Petro Global News 24 - 17 hours ago Quest Diagnostics Inc  SVP Michael E. Prevoznik sold 13,987 shares of the company's stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th."
p3
aS'Quest Diagnostics reports hack of customer information MarketWatch - Dec 12, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. DGX, +0.34% said late Monday it is investigating a possible hacking of its network that could have affected thousands of accounts.'
p4
aS"UnitedHealth's Optum Unit to Oversee Quest Diagnostics' Billing Processes Wall Street Journal - Sep 13, 2016 UnitedHealth Group Inc.'s Optum health-services arm has struck a deal to oversee billing processes for lab giant Quest Diagnostics Inc., substantially expanding its growing business of handling such transactions for health-care companies. Under the 10 ...BRIEF-Optum and Quest Diagnostics partner to help make health system work better - ReutersQuest Diagnostics joins forces with UHG's Optum services system - NJBIZ"
p5
aS'Worldwide Technology of Vitamin D Testing Market in the US 2017 Medgadget  - Feb 3, 2017 Other prominent vendors analyzed in this market research are Diazyme laboratories, Biokit, ESA Biosciences, Quest Diagnostics Inc., The Vitamin D Company, Tosoh Bioscience Inc., Qualigen Inc., Dade Behring, DIAsource ImmunoAssays S.A, Ortho-Clinical&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Quest Diagnostics Inc  Shares Sold by Fmr LLC The Cerbat Gem - Mar 18, 2017 Quest Diagnostics logo Fmr LLC cut its position in shares of Quest Diagnostics Inc  by 21.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Quest Diagnostics Inc  Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC - Chaffey BreezeThe Quest Diagnostics Inc  Stake Boosted by Numeric Investors LLC - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS'Insider Selling: Quest Diagnostics Inc  SVP Sells 13987 Shares of Stock The Cerbat Gem - Mar 20, 2017 Quest Diagnostics logo Quest Diagnostics Inc  SVP Michael E. Prevoznik sold 13,987 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th.The Quest Diagnostics Inc  Earns Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC - Petro Global News 24Quest Diagnostics Inc  Upgraded to Neutral by Bank of America Corp - Community Financial News'
p8
aS'Investors in Quest Diagnostics Inc  are paying above the intrinsic value Simply Wall St - Oct 28, 2016 How far off is Quest Diagnostics  to its intrinsic value? I am going to take a look now by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p9
aS"Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Quest Diagnostics Inc  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 17, 2017 Quest Diagnostics logo Quest Diagnostics Inc 's stock had its hold rating restated by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research note issued to investors on Thursday."
p10
a.