(lp0
S'2.0A, 2.5A and 3.0A Power Switches from Diodes Incorporated Designed for USB ... Business Wire  - Mar 21, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...The Short Interest in Diodes Incorporated  Declines By 20.4% - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'Industry-First 1800W Auto-Compliant Transient Voltage Suppressor Launched by ... Business Wire  - Mar 14, 2017 NUREMBERG, Germany----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor&nbsp;...Diodes Incorporated  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com'
p2
aS"Diodes Incorporated Announces Production Delay at Lee's Summit Wafer Fab Business Wire  - Dec 6, 2016 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...DIODES INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS'Ultra-Low-Current LDO from Diodes Incorporated Handles Loads up to 150mA with ... Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Diodes Incorporated to Present at the ROTH Conference on March 14 Business Wire  - Feb 23, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application-specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog, and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...Diodes Incorporated  Sales Estimates At $1050.154 - Investor NewswireDiodes Incorporated  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p5
aS'Diodes Incorporated Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 14, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today reported its financial results for the ...Is Diodes Incorporated  A Financially Sound Company? - Simply Wall StDiodes Incorporated  Announces Earnings Results, Meets Expectations - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'embedded world 2017: Diodes Incorporated unveils new automotive-compliant ... Embedded Computing Design - Feb 16, 2017 Nuremberg, Germany. At Embedded World 2017 in Nuremberg, Germany, Diodes Incorporated will introduce several new automotive-compliant products, including unidirectional 1800W transient voltage suppressors ; 40V and 60V dual, co-packaged&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Diodes Incorporated's Power Switcher with HV Transistor Improves Efficiency of ... Business Wire  - Feb 21, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets,&nbsp;...Diodes Incorporated  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - BNB Daily Diodes Incorporated  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 20 - Equities.com"
p8
aS"World's First Automotive AEC-Q100 Grade 3 Packet Switches Introduced by Diodes ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the PI7C9X2G304SLQ and&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Diodes Incorporated to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial ... Business Wire  - Jan 19, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application-specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog, and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, will&nbsp;...'
p10
a.