(lp0
S'DISH Network Corporation Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - 10 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for DISH Network Corporation  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.'
p1
aS'Dish Network CEO Sees Pickup in Wireless Deal-Making Wall Street Journal  - Feb 22, 2017 On a conference call Wednesday to discuss fourth-quarter earnings, Mr. Ergen said that a recent realignment of assets between Dish and its sister company EchoStar Corp. was intended to focus the companies on their core strengths ahead of a potential&nbsp;...Deal aligns Dish Network for looming M&amp;A, Ergen says - Denver Business JournalDISH Network  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Dish: Broadcaster power driving hundreds of blackouts, skyrocketing fees Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Dish Network  -- in the middle of a two-week-old blackout by Hearst Television affiliates -- is calling for &quot;baseball-style&quot; arbitration, complaining that the current method of retransmission negotiations is hurting the public.'
p3
aS'Analyst Activity  Wells Fargo &amp; Co Reiterates Outperform on DISH Network Corp ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 DISH Network Corporation is a holding company. The Company operates through two segments: DISH and Wireless. It offers Pay-TV services under the DISH brand and the Sling brand .DISH Network Corp  Shares Sold by Janus Capital Management LLC - BNB Daily The DISH Network Corp  Earns Outperform Rating from Wells Fargo &amp; Co - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Dish Network Corp.  Jumped On S&amp;P 500 Inclusion RTT News - Mar 8, 2017 It was announced after the bell Monday that Dish Network Corp.  will replace Linear Technology Corp.  in the S&amp;P 500 before the open on Monday, March 13.DISH Network Corp  Joins S&amp;P 500, Shares Jump - Investorplace.comDISH NETWORK CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS"Why You Shouldn't Bet Against DISH Network  Stock Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is DISH Network Corporation DISH. This is because this security in the Cable Television space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a Zacks ..."
p6
aS'DISH Network Announces Closing of $1 Billion Placement of 2.375% Convertible ... Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 ENGLEWOOD, Colo.----DISH Network Corporation   today announced that, on March 17, 2017, it had closed its previously announced private placement of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.375%&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Dish Network closes on asset transfer from EchoStar Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 The two had come to a deal where EchoStar would transfer its EchoStar Technologies hardware/software group along with its national and regional uplink business, a managed fiber backhaul network and a development group working on over-the-top service&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'WTAE blacked out on Dish Network in contract dispute Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 3, 2017 Customers of Dish Network in the Pittsburgh metro lost the local ABC affiliate WTAE-TV, as Hearst Television blacked it and channels in 25 other markets in a retransmission contract dispute between the two parties.DISH drops WXII, other Hearst stations, in dispute - Winston-Salem JournalHearst TV Stations Go Dark on Dish Network in Retrans Fight - Variety'
p9
aS"Wells Fargo &amp; Co Reiterates Outperform Rating for DISH Network Corp  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 DISH Network Corp logo DISH Network Corp 's stock had its outperform rating restated by equities researchers at Wells Fargo &amp; Co in a research report issued on Monday.Mean Rating Of DISH Network Corporation  At $2.54 - RealistInvestor.comNoteworthy Stocks: Dish Network Corp. , BlackBerry Limited  - TRA"
p10
a.