(lp0
S"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of New Store in Encinitas, CA PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2017 The new location is the eighth former Sports Authority location that that Company has converted and reopened as a DICK'S Sporting Goods this year. This store will feature athletic and outdoor apparel and the latest gear for athletes of all ages in the ...DICK'S Sporting Converts 8th TSA Store, Reopens in California - Zacks.comPost Earnings Coverage as DICK'S Sporting Goods Quarterly Sales Increased 10.9% - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods Inc -- Best in Class but in a Shrinking Industry Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 If you ran a public company, and you put up the kind of quarters that Dick's Sporting Goods just did, and you came out and said, &quot;Look, we're going to be straight with you, here's what our guidance is,&quot; and people said, &quot;Ugh, fine, we're out of here ...Dick's Sporting Goods expands its brands in QC - Quad City Times"
p2
aS"Dick's Sporting Goods And The Competition Dichotomy Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 On Wednesday, the company reported solid results as revenues grew over 10% YOY with a 5% same-store sale improvement. Non-GAAP ... After Sports Authority and Vestis Retail Group filed for bankruptcy protection in 2016 (both chains combined accounted ...Dick's Sporting Goods dumping 20% of vendors to focus on private brands - MarketWatchDICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Three New Stores - PR Newswire "
p3
aS"What a Catch: Dick's Sporting Goods Is Set to Break Out of Its Stock Slump Wall Street Journal  - Mar 6, 2017 Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. is feeling the broader struggles of the retail industry, but the market is unfairly pricing in a blowout defeat in Tuesday's earnings report.Dick's Sporting Goods Looks Compelling Here - Seeking AlphaDICK'S Sporting Goods Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p4
aS"What The Gander Mountain Bankruptcy Means For Dicks Sporting Goods, Sportsman ... Benzinga - Mar 13, 2017 Credit Suisse said Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc  will be a better beneficiary from the bankruptcy of Gander Mountain Company  versus Dicks Sporting Goods Inc . DKS may not benefit as much as hoped,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"DICK'S SPORTING GOODS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. is an omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an assortment of sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories in its specialty retail stores in the eastern United States."
p6
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of New Store in Atlanta, GA Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 The new location is the seventh former Sports Authority location that that Company has converted and reopened as a DICK'S Sporting Goods this year. This store will feature athletic and outdoor apparel and the latest gear for team sports, fitness ...Dick's Sporting Goods Is Not in the Strike Zone - TheStreet.comDicks Sporting Goods Inc  Chairman Edward W. Stack Sells 333344 Shares of ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p7
aS"Is Dick's Sporting Goods Inc  Stock a Value For Investors? Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...Is DICK's Sporting a Great Stock for Value Investors? - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS"Q4 Earnings Preview: What Awaits Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Stock? Investorplace.com - Mar 1, 2017 Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  is set to report fourth-quarter fiscal 2016 results before the market opens on March 7. The question lingering in investors' minds now is, whether this full-line sporting goods retailer will be able to maintain its ...DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Two New Stores - PR Newswire DICK'S Sporting Goods Fourth Quarter Results Call Scheduled for March 7th - Yahoo Finance"
p9
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Five New Stores in Three States PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 The Company will open a DICK'S Sporting Goods, Field &amp; Stream and Golf Galaxy all under one roof in Davenport - the third store of its kind in the country.Dick's Sporting Goods Downgraded On Wave Of Negative Industry Data - BenzingaDICK'S Sporting Ramps Up Store Expansion, To Add 5 Outlets - Zacks.com"
p10
a.