(lp0
S"Dialogic Buys Apex for Real-Time Comms Light Reading - Feb 9, 2016 In offering real-time conferencing, Dialogic goes into a competitive market, going up against Cisco Systems Inc.  WebEx, Citrix Systems Inc. 's GoToMeeting, Microsoft Corp. 's Skype, and a slew of other&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Dialogic Enters Into Merger Agreement with Novacap TMT Business Wire  - Oct 10, 2014 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Dialogic Inc. , the Network Fuel company, today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with entities affiliated with Novacap TMT IV, L.P.'
p2
aS"Kevin Cook Appointed as President and CEO of Dialogic Business Wire  - Aug 10, 2012 MILPITAS, Calif.----Dialogic Inc. , a leading provider of products and technologies that enable operators to provide - and subscribers to enjoy - an enhanced mobile experience, today announced that Dialogic's Board of&nbsp;...Kevin Cook replaces Nick Jensen as Dialogic CEO - Bizjournals.com"
p3
aS'Dialogic Named a 2016 NFV Product of the Year Award Winner by INTERNET TELEPHONY PR Web  - Feb 1, 2017 Dialogic, a cloud-optimized applications and infrastructure solutions provider for service providers, enterprises, and developers, announced today that TMC, a global, integrated media company, has named PowerMedia XMS as a 2016 NFV Product of the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Novacap closes deal for Dialogic Montreal Gazette - Nov 24, 2014 Dialogic originated in 1984 in Montreal as Eicon Networks Corp. before being bought by Intel. Tremblay said that Dialogic president Kevin Cook is staying with the company. In a statement, Cook said that Novacap recognizes the potential of Dialogic and ...NOVACAP Completes Acquisition of Dialogic - Business Wire '
p5
aS'Veraz Networks and Dialogic Announce Definitive Agreement to Merge Business Wire  - May 12, 2010 Jefferies &amp; Company, Inc. acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Dialogic, and Pagemill Partners acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Veraz.'
p6
aS'Dialogic Celebrates New Corporate Headquarters with Ribbon-Cutting Ceremony Parsippany Focus - Sep 10, 2014 PARSIPPANY - Dialogic, Inc., the Network Fuel company, celebrated its corporate headquarters relocation in Parsippany with a ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Parsippany Mayor James Barberio and Dialogic CEO and president Kevin Cook.'
p7
aS"Leaner tech firm Dialogic finds the right fit in a new Parsippany office NJBIZ - Sep 26, 2014 Bob Dennerlein arrived about a year ago at Dialogic Inc.'s office on Route 10 in Parsippany - and he immediately saw a company that needed of a change of scenery."
p8
aS'Dialogic PowerVille Visual IVR Named A Winner At LTE &amp; 5G World Awards 2016 PR Web  - Jun 30, 2016 Dialogic, a cloud-optimized applications and infrastructure solutions provider for service providers, enterprises, and developers, announced today that Dialogic PowerVille Visual IVR  application has won the 2016 LTE &amp; 5G World Award for Most&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Dialogic PowerVille LB Load Balancer for Real-Time Communications Now Rated ... Newswire Today  - Feb 8, 2017 Dialogic, a provider of cloud-optimized applications and infrastructure solutions for service providers, enterprises, and developers, today announced that its Dialogic PowerVille LB Load balancer for real-time communications is compliant with key ...'
p10
a.