(lp0
S"Dow Chemical-DuPont merger may impact competition: CCI Economic Times - 13 hours ago Under the DuPont-Dow Chemicals transaction, both would be combined in an all-stock merger. For the deal -- which is expected to create the world's biggest chemical and material firm -- the parties had entered into a definitive agreement in December 2015.Indian regulator: Dow-DuPont likely to hurt competition - Seeking AlphaThe Alembic Global Advisors Analysts Give Dow Chemical Co  a $85.00 Price ... - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS'CNBC Transcript: Andrew N. Liveris, CEO, Dow Chemical Company CNBC - Mar 20, 2017 Following is the transcript of a CNBC interview with Andrew N. Liveris, CEO, Dow Chemical Company. The interview was broadcast on CNBC on 20 March 2017.'
p2
aS'Andreas Halvorsen Buys Dow Chemical Co, Deere, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Sells ... Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Andreas Halvorsen initiated holdings in Dow Chemical Co. The purchase prices were between $51.86 and $59.08, with an estimated average price of $54.99.'
p3
aS'The Dow Chemical Company Risk Points versus Materials CML News - 12 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for The Dow Chemical Company  compared to its own past and the Materials ETF.'
p4
aS"Dow CEO waiting for day 1 of merger to say 'That's all faded memory' Midland Daily News - Mar 21, 2017 Calling it a historic merger of equals, Dow Chemical Co. Chairman and CEO Andrew Liveris announced plans for the company's $130 billion merger with DuPont in December 2015.Dow Chairman and CEO Liveris to Receive STEM Leadership Hall of Fame Award ... - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Body Of Missing Man, Who Worked At Dow Chemical Company In Montco, Found In ... Patch.com - Mar 21, 2017 The body of Bradley Verret, 26, was found in the Schuylkill River over the weekend. Verret worked at The Dow Chemical Company in Montco. By Justin Heinze  - March 21, 2017 5:11 pm ET. Body Of Missing Man, Who Worked At Dow Chemical&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Dow Chemical Company Foundation provides grant to People's Hospice The Exponent Telegram   - Mar 11, 2017 BRIDGEPORT - The Dow Chemical Company Foundation awarded a $1,000 grant to People's Hospice, a department of United Hospital Center, in support of the hospice concept of care as an important part of the health delivery system in North Central West&nbsp;...Chemical cos. near regulatory approval for massive merger - Houston Business Journal"
p7
aS"Chemical co. approaches completion on Freeport plant Houston Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 Midland, Michigan-based Dow Chemical Co.  is nearly done with construction on a massive ethylene plant south of Houston in Freeport, a company executive said.Finish line in sight for Dow's Freeport expansion - Houston Chronicle"
p8
aS'Bloomberg: Dow-DuPont deal close to winning EU approval Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Dow Chemical  and DuPont  are on track to win European Union approval for their merger as soon as next month - before an April 4 deadline - after tweaking concessions to allay antitrust concerns, Bloomberg reports.EU regulators set to clear Dow, DuPont deal: sources - ReutersDow Chemical Company   Rises 4% for February 22 - Equities.com'
p9
aS'The Technical Chart For The Dow Chemical Company  Has Spoken NY Stock News - 13 hours ago The Dow Chemical Company  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p10
a.