(lp0
S"Why Is Dr Pepper Snapple  Up 3.6% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - 21 hours ago A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc DPS . Shares have added about 3.6% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Gigamon Inc. , Dr Pepper Snapple Group ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 10, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 10, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.58 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 05, 2017.Only 3 days left to Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc 's ex-dividend date ... - Simply Wall StJefferies Upgrades Dr Pepper Snapple to Buy - Investopedia"
p2
aS'Dr Pepper Snapple Group To Present At UBS Global Consumer And Retail ... PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 PLANO, Texas, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.  today announced that Michael Simon, Chief Marketing Officer of Bai Brands, and Heather Catelotti, Vice President of Investor Relations, will present at the UBS&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Caleres, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Nutanix Times of India - Mar 3, 2017 March 3  - Wall Street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several U.S.-listed companies, including Caleres, Dr Pepper Snapple Group and Nutanix, on Friday. HIGHLIGHTS * Caleres Inc : Morgan Stanley raises to ...'
p4
aS'Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.Why to Keeping Eye on Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. , Paychex, Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc  Critical ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p6
aS'Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. : Some of the key technical areas USA Commerce Daily - 12 hours ago With all other things going on, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 7.2 percent in just three months.'
p7
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., The News Journal - 10 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. is valued at 17682.83. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a ..."
p8
aS"Option Market: Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc Risk Hits A Tumbling Low CML News - Mar 1, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Dr Pepper Snapple Group ..."
p9
aS'First Week of DPS November 17th Options Trading Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Investors in Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc  saw new options begin trading this week, for the November 17th expiration.'
p10
a.