(lp0
S'In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Duke Realty Corporation ... The De Soto Edge - Jan 19, 2017 Following U.S. election volatility some analysts have updated their recommended target prices on shares of Duke Realty Corporation . According to the most recently released broker notes, 3 analysts have a rating of strong buy on the stock,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Exclusive: Duke Realty mulls sale of medical office buildings - sources Reuters - Mar 2, 2017 Real estate investment trust Duke Realty Corp  is exploring the sale of its medical office buildings that could be worth as much as $3 billion, as it seeks to focus on its warehouse portfolio, people familiar with the matter said.Duke Realty  Stock: Gaining On Sale Exploration - CNA Finance '
p2
aS'Deals Rumor Mill: Toshiba, Generali, Duke Realty Law360  - Mar 3, 2017 Indianapolis-based Duke Realty Corp. is mulling a sale of its medical office buildings, Reuters reported on Thursday, and a deal could bring in up to $3 billion.'
p3
aS'Duke Realty: Micro Hospitals Lead the Way Among Emerging Trends in Healthcare ... REBusinessOnline - Mar 21, 2017 Facing shortages in construction labor and obstacles in originating financing for new projects, developers who specialize in healthcare properties are starting to think smaller, according to a recent study by Indianapolis-based REIT Duke Realty Corp.'
p4
aS"The Duke Realty Corp  Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Duke Realty Corp  in a report published on Monday. They currently have a $28.00 target price on the real estate investment trust's stock.Analyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold on Duke Realty Corp ... - Market ExclusiveDuke Realty Corp  Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Duke Realty Corporation  CML News - 15 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Duke Realty Corporation and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p6
aS'Duke Realty Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Duke Realty Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.55% to close at $25.62. On the day, Duke Realty Corporation saw 4.45 million shares trade hands on 12,440 trades. Considering that the stock averages only&nbsp;...Taking a Fresh Look at Duke Realty Corporation  - StockNewsJournalActive Volume Stock: Duke Realty Corporation  - HugoPress'
p7
aS"Duke Realty Corporation: Duke Realty, JV partners break ground on emergency ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 16, 2017 Joint venture partners Baylor Scott &amp; White Health, the largest not-for-profit healthcare system in Texas; and Emerus, the nation's first, largest and most experienced operator of micro-hospitals; along with Duke Realty, an Indianapolis-based ..."
p8
aS"Form 8-K DUKE REALTY CORP For: Feb 21 Filed by: DUKE REALTY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP/ StreetInsider.com - Feb 24, 2017 On February 21, 2017, Mr. Thomas J. Baltimore, Jr. informed Duke Realty Corporation  that he will not stand for re-election to the Board of Directors  at the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ."
p9
aS'Duke Realty Corporation Stock Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Duke Realty Corporation  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a 20 ...Duke Realty Corp  Receives Average Recommendation of Buy from Analysts - Chaffey BreezeThe GSA Capital Partners LLP Takes Position in Duke Realty Corp  - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.