(lp0
S'About: Duke Energy  Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 Duke Energy  continues to present itself as an attractive investment opportunity in light of bountiful political uncertainty in both the U.S.Duke Energy Corp  Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada - The Cerbat GemDuke Energy Corporation performed Very Well with a change of 1.85% in the Last ... - Free Observer'
p1
aS'Agree To Purchase Duke Energy Corp At $70, Earn 5.6% Using Options Nasdaq - 14 hours ago Investors eyeing a purchase of Duke Energy Corp  stock, but tentative about paying the going market price of $82.83/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p2
aS'Better Dividend Achiever Utilities: Duke Energy Or Xcel Energy? Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Utilities are extremely stable. Electricity and gas are defensive industries. They see continuous demand, even during recessions. This allows them to be consistent dividend payers over long periods of time.'
p3
aS'Duke Energy President Named ESN Board Chair Inside INdiana Business - Mar 20, 2017 Indianapolis-based Energy Systems Network has named Doug Esamann board chairman. He currently serves as executive vice president of energy solutions and president of the Midwest and Florida regions for North Carolina-based Duke Energy Corp.and&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Downstream from Duke Energy plant, Madison and Eden continue costly search for ... Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 19, 2017 Their years-long struggle is directly linked to the Belews Creek Steam Station, the massive coal-fired power plant owned by Duke Energy Corp. in Stokes County. According to conservationists, the presence of trihalomethanes in the public drinking water&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Duke Energy Is Selling At An Attractive Price Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 DUK had negative revenue due to a write down from sale of its Latin American assets. DUK has solid earnings growth potential going forward.'
p6
aS'3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Duke Energy Corp , Consolidated Edison ... Investorplace.com - Mar 6, 2017 The utility sector has remained strong of late, as it appears that traders and investors are looking for interest rate alternatives to bonds in the upcoming rising rate environment.'
p7
aS"BRIEF-Duke Energy Corp, units, Piedmont Natural Gas Co entered into an ... Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"The Duke Energy Corp  Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Duke Energy Corp 's stock had its buy rating reiterated by research analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a research note issued on Friday."
p9
aS'The American National Insurance Co. TX Maintains Stake in Duke Energy Corp  Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 American National Insurance Co. TX held its stake in Duke Energy Corp  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p10
a.