(lp0
S'DeVry Education Group to Host Investor Day in Chicago Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 Since 1931 DeVry Education Group has empowered its students to achieve their educational and career goals. DeVry Education Group Inc.  is a leading global education provider and the parent organization of&nbsp;...First Analysis Upgrades the shares of DeVry Education Group Inc.  to ... - HugoPressDeVry Education Group Inc  Given Average Rating of Hold by Brokerages - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'DeVry Education Group Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - 13 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for DeVry Education Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.'
p2
aS"DeVry Education Group Inc. Stock Down 14% Following Big News Day: Here's What ... Motley Fool - May 25, 2016 An improving jobs market means fewer college enrollees for DeVry. But the company is looking to grow in other ways. What: Shares of for-profit higher- and professional-education company DeVry Education Group Inc  are down more than 13.7%&nbsp;...DeVry Education Group CEO out after federal lawsuit - Chicago TribuneFor-profit college company DeVry Education Group replaces CEO - Washington Post"
p3
aS'DeVry Education Group  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 Good afternoon, and welcome to the DeVry Education Group Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.DeVry Education  Beats Q2 Earnings, Misses Revenues - Yahoo FinanceDeVry Education swings to a profit - MarketWatch'
p4
aS"DeVry Education - An Attractive Value Proposition Seeking Alpha - Jan 19, 2017 DeVry Education Group's Chamberlain College of nursing and international and professional segment  is a bright spot, and our outlook on these businesses remains robust."
p5
aS"DeVry Education Group  Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements with respect to the future performance and financial condition of DeVry Education Group that involve risks and uncertainties. Various factors could cause actual ...DeVry Education Group Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results - Business Wire "
p6
aS'DeVry Education Group Inc.  CEO Lisa Wardell on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 19, 2016 Good afternoon, and welcome to the DeVry Education Group Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.DeVry Education Group Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year Fiscal 2016 Results - Business Wire '
p7
aS"DeVry Education Group Inc. Stock Down 13%: What Investors Should Know Motley Fool - Jun 2, 2016 Fewer students are only one of DeVry's current challenges. What: Shares of DeVry Education Group Inc.  are down 13.2% at 2 p.m.DeVry Education Group Names Patrick Unzicker Chief Financial Officer - Business Wire Why DeVry Education Group Inc  Stock Is Tanking Today - Investorplace.com"
p8
aS"DeVry Education Group Announces New $300 Million Share Repurchase Program Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017 Since 1931 DeVry Education Group has empowered its students to achieve their educational and career goals. DeVry Education Group Inc.  is a leading global education provider and the parent organization of&nbsp;...DeVry pulls dividend, adds $300M buyback program - Seeking AlphaDeVry Education Group  Stock Halted: We're Following The Story - CNA Finance "
p9
aS'DeVry University agrees to pay $100 million to settle FTC claims it misled ... Los Angeles Times - Dec 15, 2016 DeVry University and its parent company, DeVry Education Group Inc., have agreed to pay $100 million to settle a Federal Trade Commission lawsuit alleging that the for-profit college misled potential students with ads about its post-graduation success ...DeVry Education Group Statement on Federal Trade Commission Settlement - Yahoo FinanceDeVry University Hit With $100 Million FTC Fine Over Misleading Students - Benzinga'
p10
a.