(lp0
S'Dover Motorsports, Inc. Announces Agreement to Sell Nashville Superspeedway to ... Business Wire  - Aug 25, 2016 DOVER, Del.----Dover Motorsports, Inc.  announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Nashville Superspeedway facility to an entity owned by Panattoni Development Company, an international&nbsp;...Dover agrees to sell Nashville track to real estate company - WSMV Channel 4 - WSMV NashvilleDistribution park planned for Nashville Superspeedway site - The Tennessean'
p1
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Lowered to Hold at TheStreet Chaffey Breeze - 12 hours ago Dover Motorsports, Inc. logo TheStreet lowered shares of Dover Motorsports, Inc.  from a b rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Tuesday.'
p2
aS'Technical Toolbox: Investor Focus on Dover Motorsports Inc  Rives Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Dover Motorsports Inc  presently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -237.18. The CCI was created to typically stay within the reading of -100 to +100.'
p3
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Downgraded to Hold at TheStreet Sports Perspectives - Mar 21, 2017 Dover Motorsports logo Dover Motorsports, Inc.  was downgraded by analysts at TheStreet to a hold rating in a report released on Tuesday.TheStreet downgraded Dover Motorsports, Inc.  to Hold in a report ... - Breaking Finance NewsDover Motorsports, Inc.  Reaches $2.10 52-Week Low, Kadant Inc. (KAI ... - NormanObserver.com'
p4
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Feb 28, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p5
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Jan 4, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p6
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share ... Sports Perspectives - Feb 19, 2017 Dover Motorsports logo Dover Motorsports, Inc.  - Equities researchers at Gabelli lowered their FY2018 earnings per share estimates for Dover Motorsports in a research report issued on Wednesday.FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Issued By Gabelli - The Cerbat GemDover Motorsports Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p7
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Cerbat Gem - Feb 16, 2017 Dover Motorsports, Inc. logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Dover Motorsports, Inc.  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Thursday morning.'
p8
aS'A Look at this Riveting Stock: Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Morgan Research - 16 hours ago Moving 0.00% from the most recent open, shares of Dover Motorsports, Inc.  have landed on investor watchlists as the latest bid puts the equity at $2.13.'
p9
aS"Dover Motorsports, Inc. : Are Hedge Funds Right About This Stock? Insider Monkey  - Jun 27, 2013 Let's also take a look at hedge fund and insider activity in other stocks similar to Dover Motorsports, Inc. ."
p10
a.