(lp0
S'eBay Inc  CEO: Restructuring of Retail to Happen Faster Than ... Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 eBay Inc  CEO Devin Wenig believes that the restructuring of the retail industry will happen faster than a lot of people think.eBay Inc. subtracted -1.83% in its Stock Price in the Previous Trading Session - Free Observer'
p1
aS'eBay Inc  Stock Is Not Done Climbing Investorplace.com - Mar 20, 2017 Shares of eBay Inc  rallied 1.8% last Friday on the back of the company announcing a nearly 50% increase in advertising customers in 2016, as well as a shift in advertising strategy focusing on more direct advertising sales.Worthwhile Stock: eBay Inc.  - StandardOracleROE of eBay Inc.  stands at 96.5 - TopChronicle'
p2
aS'eBay Inc To Take On Amazon With Guaranteed Delivery Of 20 Million Items StockNews.com  - Mar 20, 2017 eBay Inc  is stepping up its delivery game, planning to offer guaranteed three-day shipping or less for over 20 million items on its namesake shopping platform.eBay Inc.  to roll out Guaranteed Delivery in US this summer - Benchmark Monitor'
p3
aS'eBay Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 eBay  is in talks to invest $1.5 billion in Flipkart , a leader in Indian e-commerce. Two two companies may agree to merge their Indian operations.'
p4
aS"Stock Survey: Viewing Levels for eBay Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 13 hours ago eBay Inc.  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 5. Piotroski's F-Score uses nine tests based on company financial statements."
p5
aS'eBay Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for eBay Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p6
aS'Dodge &amp; Cox Acquires New Position in eBay Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago eBay logo Dodge &amp; Cox acquired a new position in eBay Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.'
p7
aS'Stock Alert: eBay Inc Price Volatility Hits An Extreme Low CML News - 16 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that eBay Inc  has seen its stock price move at an extreme low level.'
p8
aS'What eBay Inc.  Is Telling Investors Via Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 12 hours ago eBay Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p9
aS'eBay Inc  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 eBay logo Shares of eBay Inc  have received an average recommendation of Hold from the forty-three analysts that are covering the firm.eBay Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Aegis - BNB Daily The eBay Inc  Receives $35.34 Consensus Target Price from Analysts - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.