(lp0
S'Ecolab partners with Microsoft to enhance water-monitoring product Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - 14 hours ago Ecolab Inc., through its ongoing partnership with Trucost and a new collaboration with Microsoft Corp., has added new features to its Water Risk Monetizer, a financial-modeling tool designed to help businesses conserve water and predict water expenses.'
p1
aS'Ecolab Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 17, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 16, 2017 Ecolab Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 17, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.37 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2017.Ecolab Inc. : A Detailed Look at its Institutional Ownership - Post AnalystThe Ecolab Inc.  Earns Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Ecolab Inc. Q4 Profit Advances 0% Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017  - Ecolab Inc.  released earnings for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.ECOLAB INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Market ExclusiveEcolab  Misses On Earnings In Q4 - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Ecolab Inc Risk Points versus Materials CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Ecolab Inc  compared to its own past and the Materials ETF.'
p4
aS"Ecolab CEO Doug Baker Jr. reports higher compensation while other executives ... Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Mar 20, 2017 Doug Baker Jr., the CEO and board chair of Ecolab Inc., received a slight increase in compensation. Other named executives weren't as fortunate."
p5
aS'What is the Street Saying About Ecolab Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - 17 hours ago Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company.Cleaning Products: Ecolab Inc.  Position of the day - Twin County News'
p6
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Ecolab Inc. , Knight Transportation, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Ecolab Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 8.59 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 8.21 and ..."
p7
aS'Stock Alert: Ecolab Inc Stock Volatility Hits A Plunging Low CML News - 16 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Ecolab Inc  has seen its stock price move at a plunging low level.'
p8
aS"Ecolab Can't Get Back Docs, Trade Secrets From Ex-Workers Law360  - Feb 25, 2017 Law360, New York  -- A Nevada federal judge on Thursday denied a preliminary injunction bid from Ecolab Inc. seeking to take back documents and trade secrets allegedly stolen by former employees, saying the company&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Ecolab Inc.: Ecolab, Trucost and Microsoft Collaborate to Help Businesses ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 21, 2017 ST. PAUL, Minn.---- The Water Risk Monetizer, industry's first publicly available financial modeling tool that enables businesses to factor current and future water risks into decision making, now incorporates water quality into its site ..."
p10
a.