(lp0
S"Electronics for Imaging Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - 11 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Electronics for Imaging Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $1099000 Position in Electronics For ... - The Cerbat GemWilliam Blair Comments on Electronics For Imaging, Inc.'s Q2 2017 Earnings  - Chaffey Breeze"
p1
aS"Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  Analyst's Long Term Pick Aiken Advocate - 4 hours ago Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research."
p2
aS"GlassHouse: Electronics For Imaging's Balance Sheet 'Littered With ... Benzinga - Oct 13, 2016 GlassHouse Research has published a new damning report on Electronics for Imaging, Inc. . According to the report, Electronics for Imaging has been using every accounting gimmick in the book to tweak its earnings numbers."
p3
aS"Stock Watch for Electronics for Imaging Inc  The Standard - 12 hours ago Let's view some technical levels on shares of Electronics for Imaging Inc . Presently, the 14 day Williams %R is -82.29."
p4
aS'Investor Focus: Watching Shares of Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 15 hours ago Many investors may be looking to track stock price momentum by looking at different historical information. Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.95155. The six month price index is simply measured by ...'
p5
aS'William Blair Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Electronics For ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 Electronics For Imaging logo Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  - Research analysts at William Blair lifted their FY2018 earnings per share estimates for Electronics For Imaging in a report issued on Monday.The Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  Position Raised by Fmr LLC - Petro Global News 24State Street Corp Raises Stake in Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS"Electronics for Imaging  to Acquire Xerox's  FreeFlow Print Server ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 2, 2017 On January 31, 2017, Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  entered into a transaction to acquire Xerox Corporation's FreeFlow Print Server Digital Front Ends business.Xerox and EFI Partner to Give Customers Best in Class Digital Front Ends - Business Wire "
p7
aS'ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INVESTOR REMINDER: Hagens Berman Reminds Investors in ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2016 ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INVESTOR REMINDER: Hagens Berman Reminds Investors in Electronics for Imaging, Inc. of Investigation into Possible Accounting Fraud and Securities Law Violations&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'EFI Acquires Optitex to Extend Its Leadership in the Digital Transformation of ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 17, 2016 FREMONT, Calif., June 16, 2016  -- Electronics For Imaging, Inc.  announced today the acquisition of Optitex Ltd.'
p9
aS'Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  stock moves up, Buy rating reiterated ... The Ledger Gazette - Feb 14, 2017 Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  shares rose on Monday February 13 on lower trade volume than normal after a number of analysts weighed in on the investing value of the stock and reiterated thier respective ratings.Electronics for Imaging, Inc.  Receives Buy Rating from Needham ... - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.