(lp0
S"Energy Focus Inc. names a new CFO Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 17, 2017 Energy Focus Inc. , the Solon-based maker of LED lighting products, has a new chief financial officer. The company on Friday, March 17, announced Michael H. Port, the company's controller and former interim CFO, now is its CFO and&nbsp;...Energy Focus picks Port as new CFO - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Crunching the Numbers for Energy Focus Inc  Baxter Review - 7 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Energy Focus Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.23. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge stock volatility.'
p2
aS'Energy Focus, Inc. Launches Network-Ready Lighting Solutions GlobeNewswire  - Sep 28, 2016 SOLON, Ohio, Sept. 28, 2016  -- Energy Focus, Inc. , a leader in LED lighting technologies, today announced the launch of two new products, 500NR Network-Ready Series LED Tube and Intellitube NR Network-Ready&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Energy Focus Inc  Rating Reiterated by FBR &amp; Co Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Energy Focus Inc 's stock had its hold rating restated by research analysts at FBR &amp; Co in a research note issued to investors on Monday.Energy Focus Inc  Climbs Higher Over the Past 5 Days - Business ReviewBrokerage Firm Target Update on Energy Focus, Inc.  - Rockville Register"
p4
aS"Energy Focus Inc. names Jennifer Deutsch as senior vice president of marketing Crain's Cleveland Business - Aug 15, 2016 LED lighting products company Energy Focus Inc.  of Solon has hired veteran marketing executive Jennifer Deutsch as senior vice president of marketing."
p5
aS'Energy Focus to Reschedule Q3 2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2016 SOLON, Ohio, Nov. 03, 2016  -- Energy Focus, Inc. , a leader in LED lighting technologies, today announced that it will reschedule its 2016 third quarter earnings release and conference call from Thursday, November 3,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'CFO Moves: Green Bancorp, Libbey, Energy Focus Wall Street Journal   - Mar 20, 2017 Energy Focus Inc., a Solon, Ohio, LED-lighting company, has appointed Michael Port as CFO and secretary. Mr. Port previously served as controller and interim CFO.'
p7
aS'Does Zero-Debt Really Make Energy Focus Inc  A Financially Strong Company? Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 The direct benefit for Energy Focus Inc , which sports a zero-debt capital structure, to include debt in its capital structure is the reduced cost of capital.Zacks Investment Research Lowers Energy Focus Inc  to Sell - The Cerbat GemThe Energy Focus, Inc.  Posts Earnings Results - DailyQuint'
p8
aS"Energy Focus Will Participate in Roth Capital's 29th Annual OC Growth ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 1, 2017 SOLON, Ohio, March 01, 2017  -- Energy Focus, Inc. , a leader in LED lighting technologies, today , today announced that management will participate in the 29th Annual Roth Capital OC Investor Conference, being held&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'ENERGY FOCUS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p10
a.