(lp0
S"Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares : Will Opana ER Be Out Off the ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 15, 2017 Endo International plc  is on investors' radars after the FDA's Drug Safety and Risk Management Advisory Committee and the Anesthetic and Analgesic Drug Products Advisory Committee voted 8 yes, 18 no, and 1 abstain on the question;&nbsp;...Investor's Watch List Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ:ENDP ... - Daily News JournalHow Endo's FDA Committee Vote Affects Egalet - Benzinga"
p1
aS'Company Update : Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares ... Smarter Analyst - Jan 23, 2017 Endo International plc - Ordinary Shares  and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission  filed a joint motion in the U.S.FTC Keeps Pressure On Wall Street, Refiles Suit Against Allergan, Others - Benzinga'
p2
aS"William Blair Raises Red Flags on Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 10, 2017 William Blair analyst Tim Lugo is quite apprehensive on Endo International plc - Ordinary Shares  on the heels of yesterday morning's review materials from the FDA regarding post-marketing safety concerns circling the biotech firm's Opana&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Top Analyst Boosts Price Target on Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 3, 2017 Top analyst Irina Rivkind Koffler at Mizuho is all the more bullish on Endo International plc - Ordinary Shares  following the subdued risk factor after the firm's fourth-quarter earnings and guidance release this past Tuesday.Hot Action in 2 Stocks- Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares "
p4
aS'Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares  Wins FDA Approval of Ephedrine ... Smarter Analyst - Jan 30, 2017 Endo International plc  announced that one of its operating companies, Par Pharmaceutical has received final approval from the U.S.Endo Announces US FDA Approval of Ephedrine Sulfate Injection, USP - PR Newswire '
p5
aS'Company Update : Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares ... Smarter Analyst - Oct 20, 2016 endp Endo International plc - Ordinary Shares  announced today that Suketu Upadhyay, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, is leaving the Company effective November 22, 2016 to assume a senior-level finance position at&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares  Collapses Taking Hedge Fund ... ValueWalk - May 6, 2016 Endo International plc - Ordinary Shares  shares are crashing and when I say crashing I do not mean one percent or two percent or five percent or ten percent but at the time of this writing 38 percent.Barclay Weighs In On Two Pharmaceutical Giants: Endo International plc ... - Smarter AnalystAnalyst Downgrades: KemPharm Inc, Endo International plc, and FireEye Inc - Schaeffers Research '
p7
aS'Stock Update : Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares Announces ... Smarter Analyst - Sep 23, 2016 endp Endo International plc - Ordinary Shares  announced that its Board of Directors has named Paul V. Campanelli President and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately.3 Stocks to Watch on Friday: Alphabet Inc , Glu Mobile, Inc.  and ... - Investorplace.com'
p8
aS'Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares  Announces 3Q:16 Financial ... Smarter Analyst - Nov 8, 2016 Endo International Plc operates as a pharmaceutical company. It focuses on developing, manufacturing, and distributing of branded and generic pharmaceutical products.Endo Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results - PR Newswire Endo  Beats Earnings &amp; Revenue Estimates in Q3 November 08, 2016 - Zacks.com'
p9
aS'Analysts Dive Into Endo International plc  Ordinary Shares  and ... Smarter Analyst - Jun 30, 2016 Healthcare analysts provide their insights on Endo International plc - Ordinary Shares  and Cytokinetics, Inc.  following a new patent and management meeting, respectively.Hey, Endo, Stop Copying Valeant - Bloomberg'
p10
a.