(lp0
S"Trump's EPA Policies Could Help Ford Motor Company  and General Motors ... Investorplace.com - 14 hours ago Ford Motor Company  and General Motors Company  are in a much better place than they were during the financial crisis.Ford Motor Company  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 22 - Equities.comFord Motor Company's $1.2B campus changes start with move into ex-Lord ... - MLive.com"
p1
aS'Which Ford Motor Company Car Had a BMW Engine? The Drive - Mar 17, 2017 It was this motor, built in a joint operation by BMW and builder-for-hire Magna Steyr in Austria, that Ford plugged into the Continental and Mark VII.'
p2
aS"Short Only Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Ford Motor is attractive because of its high dividend, but the stock price may face serious challenges going into 2017. Rate hikes and dollar appreciation represent a multi-faceted challenge for Ford's business and its stock price. Ford stock may be a ...Analysts Are Cautious on Ford Stock in 2017 - Market Realist"
p3
aS"Ford Motor Company proves UK's most preferred manufacturer of driverless vehicles The Sun - Mar 10, 2017 UK motorists picked Ford due to positive past experiences with the brand, which naturally led them to think positively about its delivery of cars in the future, despite drastic changes to how they will be built and, more importantly, used by motorists ..."
p4
aS"Ford to build new Lincoln SUV in China by 2019 The Detroit News - Mar 13, 2017 Ford Motor Co.'s luxury brand, Lincoln, plans to produce an all-new SUV in China by the end of 2019. The Dearborn-based automaker will partner in a joint venture with Chinese manufacturer Changan Automobile Group, according to Lincoln spokesman&nbsp;...Ford Motor Company To Produce A Lincoln SUV Just For Chinese Markets - StockNews.com Ford to produce Lincoln SUVs in China - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'4 Reasons To Buy Ford Motor Company Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Ford is the second largest automotive company in the U.S. in terms of market share and captures about 7.3% of the global market.'
p6
aS"3 Key Takeaways From Ford Motor Company's February Sales Figures Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Detroit's second-largest automaker, Ford Motor Company , posted another monthly sales decline -- its fourth in the past six months.Ford Motor Co Feb. US Sales Down 4% - Quick Facts - NasdaqGM, Ford beat February sales expectations; industry sales seen down - Economic Times"
p7
aS"Ford And Its 4.8% Yield Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Ford Motor Company  has been through quite the adventure in the past decade or so. The company's common stock became almost worthless during the financial crisis, which saw it under terrific financial distress, but Ford has remade itself into a&nbsp;...Why Ford Motor Company  Stock Is Still a Screaming Good Buy - Investorplace.comToday's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Ford Motor Company and General ... - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS"Don't Expect a Ford Motor Company  Stock Turnaround Anytime Soon Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 The problem is, Ford hasn't been growing sales the way its chief competitors General Motors Company , Honda Motor Co Ltd   and Toyota Motor Corp   have been. Those companies' sales improved by an&nbsp;...Zacks Rank on Ford Motor Company  based on Estimated Earnings - Herald KeeperCigna Investments Inc. New Buys New Stake in Ford Motor Company  - Chaffey Breeze"
p9
aS"Can Ford Motor Company  Rev Up Its Engines? Investorplace.com - Feb 27, 2017 Within the automotive community, Ford Motor Company  has a few colorful nicknames - perhaps the most common one is Fixed Or Repaired Daily, but there's quite a few I haven't heard before.FORD MOTOR COMPANY  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveChecking the Overall Picture for Ford Motor Company  - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.