(lp0
S"Facebook, Inc.'s Instagram Hits 1 Million Active Advertisers Motley Fool - 13 hours ago Facebook's  photo- and video-sharing app, Instagram, announced Wednesday morning it has now garnered an impressive one million active advertisers on the platform.Facebook Inc's Instagram Tops One Million Advertiser Milestone - StockNews.com Facebook's Instagram says advertising base tops 1 million businesses, up from ... - Financial Post"
p1
aS"Not Being Bullish on Facebook Inc  a Big Mistake, Snap Inc  Gets One ... Smarter Analyst - 16 hours ago It's an interesting day for the tech investor, as Facebook Inc  receives a vote of confidence from an analyst who regrets ever straying from the FB parade, and as Snap Inc  gets one of its first bullish notes from a five-star ...Snap pops 9 percent after winning second 'buy' recommendation - Channel NewsAsia"
p2
aS'Invest Like Ken Fisher: Apple Inc. , NVIDIA Corporation , Facebook ... Smarter Analyst - 12 hours ago Billionaire hedge fund manager Ken Fisher is feeling bullish about the state of the market- a sentiment reflected in his fourth-quarter trades when he upped positions in key stocks such as Apple Inc. , NVIDIA Corporation  and&nbsp;...Facebook, Inc.  Investing Heavily In Different Ways To Carry Troves ... - Street Wise Report '
p3
aS"6 Things You Didn't Know About Facebook, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 Many investors are probably familiar with the basic history of Facebook . The site started out as a &quot;hot or not&quot; game for Harvard students called Facemash, then evolved into a social network, and Yahoo!Buy Facebook Inc  Stock as It Steals Snap Inc's  Thunder - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS'Facebook Inc  Stock Upgraded By One Of The Few Bears Left ValueWalk - Mar 21, 2017 Facebook Inc  stock declined on Tuesday after one of the few firms still lacking a Buy rating on it decided to join the crowd.Should Facebook Inc Just Buy Snap Inc.? - Investorplace.comBTIG Research Says Facebook Inc Is Going To $175 - StockNews.com '
p5
aS"Why Facebook Inc Has Scored Exclusive Streaming Rights for Pro Soccer Games Motley Fool - Mar 20, 2017 In this segment from the Motley Fool Money show, Chris Hill is joined by Jason Moser, Matt Argersinger, and Andy Cross as they discuss the latest development in sports media -- Facebook  recently closed a deal to stream the world's most&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Reload Free Profits from Facebook Inc  Stock Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 Powerful metrics have been the basis of FB's success and if marred, the effects could be devastating much like what happened with Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. . CMG lost its ability to leverage its incredible comps to drive the stock higher."
p7
aS"Stop What You're Doing and Trade Facebook Inc  Stock Now! Investorplace.com - Mar 20, 2017 If the trend is your friend, there's little reason not to like Facebook Inc . But considering an extended run in FB stock and the broader market, liking shares at a discount using a no-cost, limited risk spread makes more sense for less ..."
p8
aS"Forget About Snapchat, Inc.   Buy Facebook Inc Instead  Investorplace.com - 18 hours ago snapchat That's because what I tell them isn't what they want to hear. So they'll disregard and seek opinions that match their own."
p9
aS'Facebook Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - 11 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Facebook Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p10
a.