(lp0
S'Southern First Bancshares Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Southern First Bancshares Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock lost 3.28% to close at $32.45.Southern First Bancshares, Inc.  Reaches $32.25 After 9.00% Gap Down ... - Wolcott DailyTrader Alert: Unusual Volume Spotted in Southern First Bancshares, Inc ... - Melville Review'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: The First Bancshares Inc  is Beating LCNB Corp ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for The First Bancshares Inc  versus LCNB Corp.  .'
p2
aS'First Bancshares Inc  Given Hold Rating at Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods The Cerbat Gem - Mar 20, 2017 First Bancshares Inc logo Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods reissued their hold rating on shares of First Bancshares Inc  in a research note released on Friday morning.Southern First Bancshares Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 20 - Equities.comStock Returns: Southern First Bancshares Inc  versus Select ... - CML News'
p3
aS'Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for First Bancshares Inc  Sports Perspectives - 16 hours ago First Bancshares Inc logo Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of First Bancshares Inc  in a report released on Friday morning. Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods currently has a $30.00 target price on the stock. Separately&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Stock Recommendations From Analysts on Equifax Inc.  The First ... Sherwood Daily - 15 hours ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Equifax Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.10.'
p5
aS'Southern First Bancshares Inc  Tailwind Lifting Shares Higher Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 Southern First Bancshares Inc  shares are showing positive signals short-term as the stock has finished higher for 7 consecutive bars.'
p6
aS'THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC.  Files An 8-K Completion of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 First Bancshares, Inc. is a holding company of First Home Savings Bank . The Bank is primarily engaged in providing a range of banking and mortgage services to individual and corporate customers in southern Missouri.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: The First Bancshares Inc  is Beating National ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for The First Bancshares Inc  versus National Bankshares Inc  .'
p8
aS'Southern First Bancshares Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Southern First Bancshares Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 5.9% to close at $35.90.Mizuho Starts Snap  Coverage with $20.00 Target, Commerce Bancshares ... - HuronReport'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Live Oak Bancshares Inc  is Beating Southern First ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Live Oak Bancshares Inc  versus Southern First Bancshares Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p10
a.