(lp0
S"Breaking: First Community Corporation  Stock Through Resistance ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Breaking: First Community Corporation  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.Top Bull Stock of Friday: First Community Corporation's  stock price is ... - WsNews 4investors"
p1
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus Investar ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Investar Holding Corporation  .'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus County Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus County Bancorp Inc  .'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus Farmers ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Farmers National Banc Corp.'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Bankwell Financial Group Inc  versus First ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bankwell Financial Group Inc  versus First Community Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p5
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: First Community Corporation  Critical ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for First Community Corporation  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p6
aS'Brokerages Expect First Community Corporation  to Announce $0.22 ... Chaffey Breeze - Feb 22, 2017 First Community Corporation logo Shares of First Community Corporation  have been assigned an average broker rating score of 1.67  from the three analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p7
aS'First Community Corporation  Upside Stock Technicals at Extreme ... CML News - Mar 2, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for First Community Corporation  . The company has a five bull technical rating which indicates extreme strength.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  .'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  is Beating First ... CML News - Feb 26, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Bancshares Inc  versus Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.