(lp0
S'First Clover Leaf Financial  Enters Merger Agreement with First Mid ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 26, 2016 On April 26, 2016, First Clover Leaf Financial Corp.  entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger  with First Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc., a Delaware corporation , pursuant to which, among ...First Clover Leaf is sold to First Mid-Illinois - STLtoday.com'
p1
aS'First Clover Leaf Bank parent to be sold in $90 million deal St. Louis Business Journal - Apr 27, 2016 First Clover Leaf Financial Corp., the Edwardsville-based parent company of First Clover Leaf Bank, has agreed to be acquired by First Mid-Illinois Bancshares Inc. in a cash and stock deal valued at about $90 million.Edwardsville-based First Clover Leaf Bank agrees to acquisition - Belleville News-DemocratFirst Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc. to acquire First Clover Leaf Financial Corp. - The Edwardsville Intelligencer'
p2
aS'FIRST MID-ILLINOIS BANCSHARES, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 First Clover Leaf Bank was acquired through the previously announced acquisition of First Clover Leaf Financial Corp. on September 8, 2016 to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 26, 2016 , between the Company and First&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Mr. P. David Kuhl is Named President and Chief Executive Officer of First ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 25, 2013 This news release may contain certain forward-looking statements, such as statements of First Clover Leaf Financial Corp.'s or First Clover Leaf Bank's plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions."
p4
aS'First Mid, First Clover Leaf announce stockholder approval for merger Journal Gazette and Times-Courier - Sep 2, 2016 MATTOON  -- First Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc. and First Clover Leaf Financial Corp. stockholders have voted in favor of the merger between the two companies.'
p5
aS'First Mid completes acquisition of First Clover Leaf Journal Gazette and Times-Courier - Sep 16, 2016 There are no immediate changes for First Clover Leaf customers. The conversion of accounts from First Clover Leaf to First Mid is expected to happen early next year, with plans to provide information to customers well in advance of any changes that may&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Local Business: Cloverleaf promotions, First Mid-Illinois acquisition Galesburg Register-Mail - Sep 11, 2016 ... First Clover Leaf Financial Corp. has been completed. The acquisition represents approximately $537 million in deposits and $450 million in performing loans in seven full-service banking centers in Illinois and Missouri, operating as First Clover ...'
p7
aS'Tiny Merger: 21.6% Annualized Seeking Alpha - May 5, 2016 On April 26, 2016, First Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc.  or &quot;First Mid&quot;) and First Clover Leaf Financial Corp.  or &quot;First Clover&quot;) announced a merger agreement. Under the agreement, the shareholders of First Clover may opt to&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Business roundup: BBQ restaurant opens in Upper Alton Alton Telegraph - Apr 30, 2016 First Mid-Illinois Bancshares announced it will acquire Edwardsville-based First Clover Leaf Financial. Bancshares will acquire acquire all of the outstanding shares of First Clover Leaf Financial Corp. in a cash and stock transaction valued at $12.87 ...'
p9
aS"Plan in motion to build new hotel in O'Fallon Belleville News-Democrat - May 1, 2016 Edwardsville-based First Clover Leaf Financial Corp., the parent company of First Clover Leaf Bank, agreed to be acquired by First Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc. in a cash and stock deal."
p10
a.