(lp0
S"FTI Consulting Announces Leadership Appointments in Economic Consulting and EMEA GlobeNewswire  - 19 hours ago WASHINGTON, March 22, 2017  -- FTI Consulting, Inc.  today announced leadership changes in the firm's Economic Consulting segment and Europe, Middle East &amp; Africa  region, effective immediately.MOVES-FTI Consulting shuffles leadership in economic consulting, EMEA businesses - Reuters UK"
p1
aS"FTI Consulting Appoints Todd Lester to Boost EPP Practice Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 FTI Consulting, Inc.  recently announced the appointment of Todd Lester as Senior Managing Director of the firm's Economic Consulting segment and its Energy, Power &amp; Products  industry practice."
p2
aS'FTI Consulting Professionals Recognized as Leading Forensic Accountants and ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 FTI Consulting, Inc. is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political &amp; regulatory, reputational and transactional.'
p3
aS"FTI Consulting's Global Shareholder Activism Map Illustrates the Growth of ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 WASHINGTON, Feb. 15, 2017  -- FTI Consulting, Inc.  published an update to its interactive Global Shareholder Activism Map, which shows that shareholder activism gained momentum and geographic breadth in 2016."
p4
aS"FTI Consulting Expands Energy, Power &amp; Products Practice with the Addition of ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 2, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 02, 2017  -- FTI Consulting, Inc.  today announced that Todd Lester has joined the firm's Economic Consulting segment and its Energy, Power &amp; Products  industry practice as a Senior Managing&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Buckling Under the Trendline, Can This Stock Reverse Course: FTI Consulting ... Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Shares of FTI Consulting, Inc.  have been on a recent steady downtrend, causing some worry for shareholders.Checking on Levels for FTI Consulting, Inc.  - The Herald'
p6
aS'FTI Consulting Projects US Online Retail Sales to Approach $440 Billion in 2017 GlobeNewswire  - Nov 1, 2016 FTI Consulting, Inc. is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political &amp; regulatory, reputational and transactional.'
p7
aS'MOVES-Deutsche Bank, Colliers, FTI Consulting, Mitiska Yahoo Finance - 18 hours ago The asset management arm of Principal Financial Group Inc named Stuart Lawrence as senior equities trader to its global trading team.'
p8
aS"Claire's Is Said to Tap FTI Consulting for Help Bloomberg - Sep 23, 2016 FTI Consulting Inc. is advising Claire's Stores Inc. as the beleaguered chain works to stave off default, according to people with knowledge of the situation."
p9
aS'FTI Consulting  Misses on Q4 Earnings, Stock Falls Zacks.com - Mar 1, 2017 Management services provider FTI Consulting, Inc.  reported tepid fourth-quarter 2016 results with adjusted earnings of $9.9 million or 24 cents per share compared with $10.2 million or 24 cents per share in the year-earlier quarter ...FTI Consulting  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaFTI Consulting, Inc.  Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance - BNB Daily '
p10
a.