(lp0
S"Family Dollar Stores to pay $307000 for environmental violations Sacramento Bee - Apr 23, 2016 Family Dollar Stores Inc. has been ordered by a San Joaquin County Superior Court judge to pay $307,000 in civil penalties, costs and supplemental environmental projects following an investigation into the firm's handling of hazardous waste.Family Dollar Stores settles hazardous waste allegations - Davis Enterprise"
p1
aS'Crooks use pickup truck to break into Family Dollar store KTRK-TV - Aug 29, 2016 A group of crooks used a stolen pickup truck as a battering ram to rob a Family Dollar store, surveillance video shows. KTRK.'
p2
aS'Discount Retail Stores: The Family Dollar Deal Makes Dollar Tree An Excellent ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 6, 2016 And, this is the case with Dollar Tree, Inc. , whose deal with Family Dollar  came at a very high cost.'
p3
aS'Family Dollar Stores of Colorado sued after Down Syndrome group ordered to ... The Denver Post - Sep 17, 2016 A 50-year-old Down Syndrome man has sued Family Dollar Stores of Colorado saying he and a group of mostly Down Syndrome disabled people were ordered to leave a Pueblo store because of who they are. The federal civil lawsuit was filed Friday on behalf ...'
p4
aS'Kansas City Family Dollar Store closed due to mice infestation KSHB - Nov 29, 2016 Marissa Ellise posted a picture she says she took at the Family Dollar store at 30th and Prospect in Kansas City on Sunday.'
p5
aS'A year after Family Dollar deal, Dollar Tree hurt by lower store traffic Charlotte Observer - Aug 25, 2016 Just over a year after buying Matthews-based Family Dollar, Dollar Tree said sales are up, but the retailer is feeling the pinch from lower customer traffic in its established stores. The company reported second-quarter profit and revenue that missed ...Dollar-Store Chains Tumble After Food-Stamp Cuts Hurt Sales - BloombergDollar Tree, Inc. Reports Results for the Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 - Business Wire '
p6
aS'Dollar Tree taps former Wal-Mart executive to run Family Dollar Virginian-Pilot - Jan 5, 2017 A man who once led merchandising for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will lead the chain of Family Dollar stores. Chesapeake-based Dollar Tree Inc. has hired Duncan Mac Naughton to be president and chief operating officer of Family Dollar. The chain of discount&nbsp;...Dollar Tree, Inc. Announces Management Changes - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Family Dollar forks over cash for violations Foothills Sun Gazette - May 4, 2016 ... announced that on April 11, 2016, San Joaquin County Superior Court Judge Barbara A. Kronlund ordered North Carolina Corporation Family Dollar Stores, Inc. to pay a total of $307,000 in civil penalties, costs, and education for environmental ...'
p8
aS"Armed suspects attempted to rob 2 Family Dollar stores ABC Action News - Feb 7, 2017 About eight minutes later, the suspects traveled to a different Family Dollar at 4978 E. Busch Blvd. and attempted another robbery.Hillsborough sheriff's deputies searching for Family Dollar robbers - WFLAArmed robbery caught on camera; HCSO searching for suspects - FOX 13 News, Tampa Bay"
p9
aS'Man With Down Syndrome Sues Family Dollar After Being Forced to Leave Store The Mighty - Sep 19, 2016 John F. Garcia, a 50-year-old man with Down syndrome, is suing Family Dollar Stores of Colorado after he and a group of developmentally disabled adults were repeatedly asked to leave the Pueblo, Colorado, branch of the discount retail chain.'
p10
a.