(lp0
S"Ferro Corp. Of Interest To Paint Companies? Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 Ferro Corp. products complement those in the paint manufacturing industry; it's relatively small and inexpensive, and will benefit from takeover and marketing of its products by legacy paint manufacturers.Menta Capital LLC Acquires 38344 Shares of Ferro Corporation  - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Shares of Ferro Corporation Plunge After Rejection of Buyout Offers Motley Fool - Jul 18, 2016 What: Shares of specialty chemicals manufacturer Ferro Corporation  are down more than 11% as of 12:30 p.m. EDT after the company rejected offers from private equity companies Apollo Global Management and CVC Capital Partners.'
p2
aS"Is It Time to go for Stericycle, Inc. , Ferro Corporation ? StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Ferro Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.39, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.What Analysts are Predicting For Stericycle, Inc. , Ferro Corporation ? - The USA Commerce"
p3
aS'Ferro Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Ferro Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 21, as the stock gained 0.7% to close at $14.36. On the day, Ferro Corporation saw 1.23 million shares trade hands on 3,738 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume ...The Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $47155000 Position in Ferro Co.  - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Ferro Corporation to Be Keynote Presenter at the Gabelli Specialty Chemicals ... Business Wire  - Mar 15, 2017 CLEVELAND----Ferro Corporation , a global leader in functional coatings and color solutions, announced today that Chairman, President and CEO Peter Thomas and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Why Ferro Corporation's Shares Popped 15% Late Friday Motley Fool - May 6, 2016 What: Shares of specialty materials company Ferro Corporation  jumped 15% in late trading Friday after it was reported that the company is exploring a sale.Ferro Corp taps Lazard to explore sale: sources - Reuters"
p6
aS'Ferro Corp.  Acquires Cappelle Pigments, Certain Delta Performance ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 17, 2016 Ferro Corporation  today announced entering into an agreement to acquire Cappelle Pigments NV  and the acquisition of certain assets of Delta Performance Products , for aggregate consideration of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Ferro Corp. confirms it's exploring 'strategic alternatives' Crain's Cleveland Business - May 9, 2016 Mayfield Heights-based Ferro Corp.  on Monday, May 9, confirmed that its board of directors is exploring possible strategic alternatives for the company.Ferro News Release - Business Wire "
p8
aS"Ferro Corp. names new CFO Crain's Cleveland Business - Sep 2, 2016 Mayfield Heights-based Ferro Corp. has made some changes to its leadership team in order to support growth, the performance materials company said in a news release.INSERTING and REPLACING Ferro Announces Organizational Changes to Facilitate ... - Business Wire "
p9
aS'Ferro Corp rebuffs bids from Apollo, CVC: sources Reuters - Jul 15, 2016 U.S. specialty chemicals company Ferro Corp turned down acquisition offers from private equity firms Apollo Global Management LLC and CVC Capital Partners Ltd as too low, people familiar with the matter said on Friday.'
p10
a.