(lp0
S"Earnings Reaction History: Francesca's Holdings Corporation, 36.4% Follow ... Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Francesca's Holdings Corporation  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session."
p1
aS"Francesca's Holdings Corporation : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - 13 hours ago Francesca's Holdings Corporation  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Apparel Stores.Francesca\\'s Holdings Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 22 - Equities.comAnalyst Activity  Wedbush Lowers Its Price Target On Francesca's Holdings ... - Market Exclusive"
p2
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Francesca's Holdings Corporation  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Francesca's Holdings Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p3
aS"Why Francesca's Holdings Corp. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Jan 9, 2017 Shares of Francesca's Holdings Corp.  were up by as much as 11.6% at 10:10 a.m. EST Monday, then settled back to trade up about 8% as of 11:20 a.m after the specialty boutique retailer offered an encouraging update based on its holiday&nbsp;...francesca's Updates and Reaffirms Fourth Quarter 2016 Guidance Based on ... - GlobeNewswire Retail Movers: Lululemon Athletica inc. and Francesca's Holdings Corp - Schaeffers Research "
p4
aS"Why Francesca's Holdings Corp. Stock Plummeted Today Motley Fool - May 17, 2016 What: Shares of Francesca's Holdings Corp.  were down 29.1% as of 11:30 a.m. Tuesday after the company announced the resignation of its CEO along with disappointing preliminary fiscal first-quarter results.Francesca's Shares Plunge on Weak Outlook, CEO to Depart - Wall Street JournalFrancesca's  CEO Michael Barnes to Resign - StreetInsider.com"
p5
aS"Short Francesca's Holdings Corp : Top Line Growth Likely Not to ... Smarter Analyst - Jan 11, 2017 It seems the 2016 holiday season was kind to the apparel retailers, including Francesca's. During the latest Q4 2016 guidance update, the current President and Chief Executive Officer of the company, Steve Lawrence sounded delighted to announce that ...Francesca's Holdings Corporation  Given Average Rating of Hold by Analysts - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS"Francesca's Holdings Corporation: Buy The Stock For Growth Seeking Alpha - Dec 23, 2016 One of such companies is the Francesca's Holdings Corporation  that is well-positioned for high double digit growth in earnings for the long-term.Francesca's Holdings Corp.  Position Boosted by Canada Pension Plan ... - Sports Perspectives"
p7
aS"Francesca's Holdings Corporation : Getting Technical With The Stock USA Commerce Daily - 12 hours ago With all other things going on, Francesca's Holdings Corporation  has been on a free fall - declining -21.77 percent in just three months."
p8
aS"francesca's Announces Appointment of Steven P. Lawrence as President and ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 20, 2016 HOUSTON, Sept. 20, 2016  -- Francesca's Holdings Corporation   today announced the appointment of Steven P. Lawrence as President and Chief Executive Officer."
p9
aS"Francesca's Holdings: The News Isn't New Seeking Alpha - Jun 30, 2016 Francesca's Holdings  reported 2016 first-quarter results on June 9th. The results weren't really news."
p10
a.