(lp0
S'First Security Group, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - Mar 15, 2017 First Security Group, Inc.  is a bank holding company of FSGBank, N.A. . The Bank has 26 full-service banking offices.'
p1
aS"Presidential Security Group gets new commander Inquirer.net - Mar 22, 2017 Bautista will now head the Army's 1st Infantry Division in Pagadian City, Zamboanga del Sur. Prior to being Duterte's senior military adviser, Dagoy was assigned to the Davao City-based Eastern Mindanao Command."
p2
aS'Cyber security group NCC hit by profit warning Financial Times - Feb 22, 2017 Shares in the Manchester-based company dropped 19 per cent on Wednesday, after its announcement that problems in its cyber security division - which had already prompted one profit warning in December - would drag down full-year earnings.'
p3
aS"Westminster attack: Jewish community should remain 'calm and vigilant' Jewish Chronicle - 14 hours ago We ask the Jewish community to be calm, vigilant and to co-operate with security measures, the spokesman said. Shomrim, the volunteer security group, said police were advising community members to remain extra vigilant following the attack ...London terrorist attack renews security fears across Europe - The Globe and Mail"
p4
aS'Homeless day shelter provides safety, security and dignity KRBD - 11 hours ago In 2008, a group of concerned citizens got together to address the problem of homelessness in the First City. At that time, the group explored the feasibility of sheltering people during the day. A committee was formed and, in December 2009, a day ...'
p5
aS"Chinese private security companies go global Financial Times - Feb 26, 2017 Details of the operation last year, revealed here for the first time, point to the greater role being played by China's fledgling private security industry. Its growth ... About 3,200 Chinese employees of private security groups were based abroad last ..."
p6
aS'Inaugural happiness journey launched in Dubai Gulf Today - Mar 18, 2017 ... Dubai Customs, the Dubai Sports Council, the Mohammed bin Rashid Foundation, Dubai Parks &amp; Resorts, Global Village, Lammtara Studios, First Security Group, Yogafest, Lighthouse Arabia, Nobel Poetry Club, Lindy Hop Dubai, and the Youth Team.'
p7
aS'Seaside Heights OKs pro-Trump march after initial denial over security costs New Jersey 101.5 FM Radio - Mar 21, 2017 Organizer Nesya Eng, who lives in Mantua, said that the Seaside Heights march is one 36 marches in 41 states in support of not only Trump but first responders and military personnel. She said it was planned as a response to the March for Women ... Eng ...'
p8
aS'Security Asset Management Buys TransDigm Group, Intel, Novartis AG, Sells ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 21, 2017 Investment company Security Asset Management buys TransDigm Group, Intel, Novartis AG, Colgate-Palmolive Co, Morgan Stanley, Qualcomm, sells Cerner, Time Warner, Emerson Electric Co during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent ...'
p9
aS"Warren's second year begins with first day of spring ball St. George Daily Spectrum - 44 minutes ago Warren signed a new contract this offseason that runs through the 2021 season, but that type of security hasn't changed how he prepares."
p10
a.