(lp0
S'First Solar Inc.  Begins Clean Energy Production In Moapa ... Journal Transcript - 45 minutes ago The project is a product of First Solar. It is powered by more than 3.2 million high level thin film photovoltaic  solar panel designed by First Solar. This can be equated to solar panels of more than 25 million square feet or solar panels enough ...Officials complete tribal land solar power plant - Electric Light & Power'
p1
aS'First Solar Commissions Moapa Southern Paiute Solar Project Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Additionally, Trump said that he would change all solar policies. This had a major impact on almost all major solar companies.First Solar selling 200 MW in India, powers up Moapa - Renewables Now First Solar Commissions 250 MW Utility-Scale Solar Plant On Tribal Land - Solar Industry'
p2
aS"India's solar power sector is getting commoditized: First Solar Livemint - 6 hours ago Mumabi: India's solar power sector is becoming commoditized and margins are getting squeezed across the sector's value chain, according to Sujoy Ghosh, country head of US-based First Solar Inc.'s India unit. First Solar, a US-based photovoltaic (PV ..."
p3
aS'Buy First Solar, Inc.  Stock If You Have Money to Lose Investorplace.com - 13 hours ago First Solar, Inc. , the last man standing among solar stocks, has fallen. Its fourth-quarter earnings report featured enormous write-offs that produced a loss of $719.9 million, $6.92 per share, on revenue of $480.4 million, barely half ...On The Bright Side, Vetr Crowd Upgrades First Solar - BenzingaFirst Solar Inc.  Dips 4.68% for March 20 - Equities.com'
p4
aS"First Solar Reaches Lowest Level Since April 2013 Benzinga - 15 hours ago First Solar, Inc.  shares are trading lower by $0.60 at $28.44 in Wednesday's session. There is no specific news to account for the decline."
p5
aS"Despite Current Administration, First Solar Isn't Going Anywhere Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 First Solar designs, manufacturers, and sells photovoltaic solar modules with thin-film semiconductor technology. The company also designs, constructs, and sells, entire systems composed of the cells that it makes.Why Shares of First Solar, Inc. Jumped 16% in February - Motley Fool"
p6
aS'First Solar Begins Operation of 250 Megawatt Moapa Southern Paiute Solar Project Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Today, First Solar, Inc.  and the Moapa Band of Paiutes joined Sen. Dean Heller, Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto, Nevada State Energy Office Director Angela Dykema, Clark County Commissioner Marilyn Kirkpatrick, executives from the Los Angeles&nbsp;...Officials mark completion of tribal land solar power plant - Albany Times Union'
p7
aS"First Solar, Inc.: Bulls And Bears Go Head To Head Over Earnings ValueWalk - Feb 22, 2017 First Solar shares plunged after the company's earnings report last night, and the company somehow managed to earn a price target increase from one firm and a downgrade from another.First Solar Reports Q4 Non-GAAP EPS Of $1.24; Maintains Non-GAAP EPS Guidance - Nasdaq"
p8
aS'Trading Sheet: Examining the Levels for First Solar, Inc.  Rives Journal - 16 hours ago Looking at shares of First Solar, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 1254700. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p9
aS"Wall Street's Biggest Solar Power Bear Thinks First Solar Is Headed For A ... Benzinga - Feb 28, 2017 Axiom's Gordon Johnson, who correctly predicted the downfall of SunEdison in 2016, initiated First Solar, Inc.  at a sell in a note on Tuesday and announced a $21 price target for the stock.About: First Solar,  - Seeking AlphaFIRST SOLAR, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p10
a.