(lp0
S"Encanto Potash Corp. one step closer to financing $3B mine on Sask. First Nation Saskatoon StarPhoenix - Jan 6, 2017 The agreements, known as offtakes, with bankable India-based firms should help Encanto Potash Corp. secure the $3 billion it needs to build the mine on Muskowekwan First Nation, said the Vancouver-based company's director of corporate development."
p1
aS'Encanto Potash and Muskowekwan First Nation sign new mining regulation agreement Saskatoon StarPhoenix - Feb 28, 2017 Encanto Potash Corp. has signed an agreement with Muskowekwan First Nation and the provincial and federal governments that it says will pave the way for construction of its proposed potash mine on the reserve northeast of Regina.Encanto Potash to Exhibit at PDAC in Toronto - Canada NewsWire '
p2
aS'Sask. First Nation potash project signs major deal with India CBC.ca - Jan 19, 2017 A major potash deal could mean big business for a Saskatchewan First Nation. Encanto Potash has signed an ... Last year, Encanto signed another agreement with the Metals and Minerals Trading Corporation of India. The First Nations community and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Potash Corp. cuts dividend for first time amid lacklustre earnings The Globe and Mail - Jan 28, 2016 Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. has slashed its dividend for the first time in the company's history, highlighting the tension between generous shareholder payouts and dismal commodity prices across the resource sector.Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc slashes dividend for first time since IPO in ... - Financial PostPotashCorp profits fell 50% in 4th quarter - CBC.ca"
p4
aS'Potash Corp. Ahead Of Q4 Earnings Seeking Alpha - Jan 20, 2017 Here are my thoughts ahead of the earnings report. First, I reiterate the call from my previous article - the bottom is in, both for the fertilizer market and for Potash Corp. shares. We need to witness some kind of a catastrophe to see Potash Corp ...Vetr Inc. Upgrades Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan  to Strong-Buy - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'First orders under $455m potash deal for Vancouver junior MINING.com - Mar 7, 2017 Encanto Potash Corp.  has announced the first set of orders under agreement with Metal Mineral Trading Co. of India, a state-owned trading agency to supply 2 million metric tonnes of MOP annually.'
p6
aS"PotashCorp and Agrium agree near-$30bn fertilisers merger Financial Times - Sep 12, 2016 In the first half of 2016, PotashCorp's earnings plunged 75 per cent, hit by sluggish potash prices, while Agrium saw net profits decline 18 per cent.Potash Corp. and Agrium merge, create $36bn fertilizer giant - MINING.comAgrium-PotashCorp merger to create US$36B agricultural giant amid fertilizer ... - bnn.ca"
p7
aS"Potash Corp. cuts guidance and lowers spending, but sees silver lining as ... Financial Post - Apr 28, 2016 Potash Corp.'s realized potash selling price in the first quarter was just US$178 a tonne. That compares to US$284 in the same quarter a year ago, and US$238 in the last three months of 2015.Potash Corp. Cuts '16 Profit Forecast on Fertilizer Slump - AgWebPotash profits hit by plunge in fertiliser prices - Financial Times"
p8
aS"Potash Corporation - Agrium Merger Does Not Look Like A Certain Deal Yet Seeking Alpha - Sep 22, 2016 When I wrote my first take on the possible merger between Potash Corp.  and Agrium , I stated that Potash Corp. could test the lower end of the current range once again. Potash Corp.'s stock quickly corrected after the initial ...Tough farm conditions right time for Potash merger: Agrium CEO - ReutersAgrium merger makes super-sized fertiliser parent for Landmark - Farm Weekly"
p9
aS'3 Things You Must Know About Agrium Inc./Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan ... The Motley Fool Canada - Sep 15, 2016 Further, the value to be created from synergies is expected to be US$5 billion, or a 20% increase from the combined market capitalization of Potash Corp. and Agrium as of August 29, 2016the date the merger talks were first announced, and which also&nbsp;...Agrium to woo uneasy investors over PotashCorp merger deal - bnn.ca'
p10
a.