(lp0
S"Fuel Systems Solutions  Stockholders Approve Merger with Westport  StreetInsider.com - May 31, 2016 Fuel Systems Solutions, Inc. today announced that at the Company's special meeting of stockholders held earlier today, Fuel Systems stockholders voted to approve the Company's proposed merger with Westport Innovations Inc. (Nasdaq:&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Fuel Systems' Co-Founder Responds to ISS Recommendation to Fuel Systems ... Yahoo Finance UK - May 23, 2016 Pier Antonio Costamagna, a co-founder of Fuel Systems Solutions, Inc.   today reiterated his intent to vote AGAINST the proposed merger of FSS and Westport Innovations, Inc.   and commented on the&nbsp;...Fuel Systems Solutions Co-Founder Summarizes Significant Concerns Regarding ... - Business Wire "
p2
aS'Westport and Fuel Systems Solutions Announce Intention to Merge GlobeNewswire  - Sep 1, 2015 VANCOUVER, B.C. and NEW YORK, Sept. 1, 2015  -- Westport Innovations Inc.  , and Fuel Systems Solutions, Inc. , today jointly announce that the companies have entered into a merger&nbsp;...Westport and Fuel Systems Merging: Can 2 Wrongs Make a Right? - Motley FoolWestport Innovations Merges with Fuel Systems Solutions - School Transportation News'
p3
aS"Fuel Systems Solutions' MTM Signs Exclusive Multi-Year Contract With Eni, SpA GlobeNewswire  - Jul 30, 2015 NEW YORK, July 30, 2015  -- MTM, a fully owned subsidiary of Fuel Systems Solutions, Inc. , through its CUBOGAS brand of compressed natural gas  compressors and systems for vehicle refueling, announced it&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Fuel Systems Solutions Co-Founder Intends to Vote AGAINST Proposed Merger with ... Business Wire  - Mar 31, 2016 CHERASCO, Italy----Pier Antonio Costamagna, a co-founder of Fuel Systems Solutions, Inc.   today sent a letter to the board of directors of FSS regarding his intention to vote against the proposed merger of Westport&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Fuel Systems Solutions Shareholders Must Reject The Proposed Merger With ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2016 Westport  and Fuel Systems Solutions  are in the business of manufacturing alternative fuel components. Both companies have been losing money for several years. Due to low oil prices the incentive for switching over to&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Fuel Systems Solutions Co-Founder Calls on Board to Provide an Update on the ... Business Wire  - Apr 11, 2016 CHERASCO, Italy----Pier Antonio Costamagna, a co-founder of Fuel Systems Solutions, Inc.   today sent a letter to the board of directors of FSS calling for an update on the status of FSS' proposed merger with&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Chuck Royce Discards Fuel Systems Solutions and Trims UniFirst GuruFocus.com - Jul 7, 2016 On June 30, small-cap investor Chuck Royce  reduced his UniFirst Corp.  position by 21.25%. Additionally, the portfolio manager of Royce Pennsylvania Mutual Fund exited his position in Fuel Systems Solutions Inc.'
p8
aS"Westport's Proposed Takeover Of Fuel Systems Solutions: 'Rotten To The Core' Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2016 Talk about sheer insanity. That's a gargantuan understatement when it comes to the caper Westport Innovations  is about Fuel Systems Solutions to pull off. It is even more inconceivable when considering these guys have been burning&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Fuel Systems Solutions Announces Governance Changes GlobeNewswire  - Oct 29, 2014 NEW YORK, Oct. 29, 2014  -- Fuel Systems Solutions, Inc.  today announced a number of governance changes.'
p10
a.