(lp0
S'Fuel Tech Awarded Air Pollution Control Orders Totaling $2.9 Million Business Wire  - Feb 27, 2017 WARRENVILLE, Ill.----Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced the receipt of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Value Score in View for Fuel Tech, Inc.  Searcy News - 5 hours ago Taking a look at shares of Fuel Tech, Inc. , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 67. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or overvalued&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Fuel Tech Elects James J. Markowsky, Ph.D. to Its Board of Directors Business Wire  - Feb 10, 2017 WARRENVILLE, Ill.----Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems in utility and industrial applications, today announced that effective February 6, 2017,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Breaking Down: Fuel Tech Inc  Stock Drop Below Support ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Fuel Tech Inc has a one bull  technical rating because it's trading below the 10 day, 50 day and 200 day simple moving averages while the 10-day moving average is below the 50-day moving average and the 50-day moving average is&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Fuel Tech Awarded Air Pollution Control Orders Totaling $4.0 Million Business Wire  - Jan 10, 2017 WARRENVILLE, Ill.----Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced the receipt of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Fuel Tech  Secures $2.3M in Air Pollution Control Orders StreetInsider.com - Mar 14, 2017 Fuel Tech, Inc.  today announced the receipt of multiple air pollution control  contracts from customers in Europe.'
p6
aS'Fuel Tech Inc.: March 7, 2017 Fuel Tech Schedules Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 7, 2017 WARRENVILLE, Ill. - March 7, 2017 Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced that it will ...Fuel Tech Schedules Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results and ... - SYS-CON Media '
p7
aS"Fuel Tech Licenses SNCR Techology to India's ISGEC Heavy Engineering Ltd. Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 WARRENVILLE, Ill.----Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced the signing&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Fuel Tech Awarded Air Pollution Control Orders Totaling $3.0 Million Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced the receipt of multiple air pollution control (APC ...In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Fuel Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - The De Soto Edge'
p9
aS'Fuel Tech Acquires Two Air Pollution Control Technology Companies Business Wire  - Apr 30, 2014 WARRENVILLE, Ill.----Fuel Tech, Inc. , a world leader in advanced engineering solutions for the optimization of combustion systems and emissions control in utility and industrial applications, today announced that through&nbsp;...'
p10
a.