(lp0
S'Fulton Financial Corporation Invests in United Bancshares, Inc. Yahoo Finance - 10 hours ago Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced that it has made an investment in a new class of noncumulative, nonvoting perpetual preferred stock authorized and issued by United Bancshares, Inc. , following receipt of approval to make the&nbsp;...Fulton Financial Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 - Equities.comFulton Financial Corp  Raises Dividend to $0.11 Per Share - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'William &quot;Smokey&quot; Glover joins Fulton Financial Corporation as Director of Fair ... Marketwired  - Oct 17, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation , announced today that William &quot;Smokey&quot; Glover, of Lancaster, PA, has been promoted to the position of Director of Fair and Responsible Banking.Fulton Financial names Glover director of fair and responsible banking - LancasterOnline'
p2
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend Business Wire  - Feb 13, 2017 LANCASTER, Pa.----The Board of Directors of Fulton Financial Corporation  has declared a quarterly cash dividend of eleven cents per share on its common stock, payable on April 14, 2017, to shareholders of record as of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Fulton Financial Corporation is a multi-bank financial holding company. The Company provides a range of banking and financial services to businesses and consumers through its banking subsidiaries: Fulton Bank, N.A.'
p4
aS"Fulton Financial Corporation Creates Fulton Forward; Announces Fulton Bank ... Marketwired  - Sep 22, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced the creation of Fulton Forward, the Corporation's initiative to further promote the building of vibrant communities through programs, products,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Dr. Scott A. Snyder Appointed to Fulton Financial Corporation Board of Directors Marketwired  - Jul 19, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Scott A. Snyder, Ph.D., of Berwyn, PA, has been elected to the board of directors of Fulton Financial Corporation , effective July 18, 2016. Since 2011, Dr. Snyder has served as the ...'
p6
aS'Fulton Financial CFO resigns Central Penn Business Journal - Dec 7, 2016 ... Corp. CFO Patrick Barrett is leaving for an executive position at another financial institution. ... Fulton COO and senior executive vice president Philmer Rohrbaugh is temporarily serving as CFO until the company appoints a new person for the ...'
p7
aS'Analyst Views On Top Movers In Recent Trade: Fulton Financial Corporation ... Post Analyst - 17 hours ago Fulton Financial Corporation  revenue totaled $137.77 million up 1.47% from the previous quarter. Expect increased sales in the current quarter as well.Fulton Financial Corporation  declared quarterly cash dividend of ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p8
aS"Most Active Stock Update: Fulton Financial Corporation  HugoPress - Mar 20, 2017 Barclays Downgrades Fulton Financial Corporation 's stock to Underweight with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 12/06/16.The Fulton Financial Corp  Shares Sold by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial ... - Petro Global News 24Stock Price Fulton Financial Corporation  Compared to Index - Highland Mirror"
p9
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation Announces Changes Within Senior Management Team Marketwired  - May 3, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - E. Philip Wenger, chairman, president and CEO of Fulton Financial Corporation , today announced that Philmer H. Rohrbaugh has been named to the newly created position of senior&nbsp;...'
p10
a.