(lp0
S'First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc. Announces Cash Dividend PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2017 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- President and Chief Executive Officer, William G. Petroplus, announced that the Board of Directors of First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc.  has declared a quarterly cash dividend of 20 cents per share to be paid to ...'
p1
aS'First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc. Announces Appointment of William G ... PR Newswire  - Mar 26, 2015 WHEELING, W.Va., March 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc.   announced that William G. Petroplus will serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer.'
p2
aS"Progressive Bank Taps William G. Petroplus for Chairman of Board Wheeling Intelligencer - Sep 12, 2016 The board of directors of First West Virginia Bancorp Inc. announced William G. Petroplus has been appointed to serve as the company's chairman of the board following the resignation of R. Clark Morton."
p3
aS'Progressive Bank Directors Are Honored for Service Wheeling Intelligencer - Dec 25, 2016 He has also served as a member of the Board of Directors of First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc., parent company of Progressive Bank, N.A.'
p4
aS'First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc.  | First West ... Satellite PR News  - Feb 7, 2017 WHEELING, W.Va., Feb. 7, 2017 - First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc.  President and Chief Executive Officer, William G. Petroplus, today announced year end earnings along with fourth quarter earnings for the Wheeling, West Virginia, based&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'OTC Markets Group Announces the 2017 OTCQX Best 50 Canada NewsWire  - Feb 2, 2017 The top performing U.S. based company at #3 was First Federal of Northern Michigan Bancorp, Inc .'
p6
aS"Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. Announces Agreement to Purchase First National ... PR Newswire  - Jul 7, 2015 In conjunction with the acquisition by Premier, First National Bank, First National's wholly owned subsidiary bank, will be merged into Premier Bank, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Premier also headquartered in Huntington, West Virginia. The ...Premier to Acquire First National Bankshares - West Virginia Public Broadcasting"
p7
aS'Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. Announces Completion Of First National ... PR Newswire  - Jan 19, 2016 First National, a $245 million single bank holding company  headquartered in Ronceverte, West Virginia, is parent company of First National Bank also headquartered in Ronceverte, West Virginia. Under terms of an agreement of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'The Prime Minister announces changes in the senior ranks of the Public Service Satellite PR News  - Feb 17, 2017 Post navigation. Previous PostPrevious First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc.  | First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc. Announces Cash Dividend &middot; Next PostNext ATA Announces U.S. Legal Services Renewed as ATA Corporate Partner&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'First National Bank Corp completes merger with Metro Bancorp, achieves $20 ... cleveland.com - Feb 16, 2016 PITTSBURGH, Pennsylvania - First National Bank Corp. announced Tuesday that Saturday it successfully completed its merger with Harrisburg-based Metro Bancorp, Inc. As a result of the merger, according to a press release, FNB, which is headquartered in ...FNB Corp  Announces Completion of Metro Bancorp Merger - StreetInsider.com'
p10
a.