(lp0
S'FXCM  warns of heavy risks due to Leucadia deal ... FinanceFeeds  - Mar 20, 2017 The 10-K report by Global Brokerage Inc , formerly known as FXCM Inc, is out and it is full of warnings about the risks the company is facing in the near and long-term future.Global Brokerage, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Results - NasdaqGlobal Brokerage Hints at Future Profits  - Investopedia'
p1
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Investors of Global ... Business Wire  - 17 hours ago To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Global Brokerage, Inc. , formerly known as FXCM, Inc.  between March 15, 2012 and February 6, 2017.'
p2
aS'FXCM Inc aka Global Brokerage Inc shares start trading under new ticker on NASDAQ FinanceFeeds  - Feb 27, 2017 Along with the change of the name, the trading ticker symbol of FXCM Inc, aka Global Brokerage Inc, changes to GLBR, effective at the opening of trading today, February 27, 2017.'
p3
aS"FXCM to Rebrand as Global Brokerage Inc.  Investopedia - Feb 21, 2017 The online currency brokerage has announced plans to rebrand itself and change its stock ticker. The firm will rename itself &quot;Global Brokerage, Inc.&quot; and will trade under the new ticker symbol &quot;GLBR&quot; by as early as Feb. 27. FXCM Director William Ahdout ...FXCM Inc to Be Renamed 'Global Brokerage Inc' Following US Upheaval - Finance MagnatesFXCM Inc becomes Global Brokerage Inc, FXCM UK CEO takes over as FXCM Group ... - FinanceFeeds "
p4
aS"Global Brokerage Inc. Cl A MarketWatch - Feb 27, 2017 Welcome to your new quote page. We're hard at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns?"
p5
aS'FXCM changes name to Global Brokerage Inc. and New Ticker Symbol GLBR on NASDAQ FX Daily Report - Feb 23, 2017 FXCM Inc.  is currently undergoing a facelift and has announced a change in its name from FXCM Inc. to Global Brokerage Inc. They have also introduced a new ticker symbol GLBR on Nasdaq. The changes will be effective as from Feb 27,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Traders are Following Technical Levels for Global Brokerage Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Traders are taking a second look at how shares of Global Brokerage Inc  have been performing lately. A favorite tool among technical stock analysts is the moving average.'
p7
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Investors of Global Brokerage ... Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Global Brokerage, Inc. , formerly known as FXCM, Inc.  between March 15, 2012 and February 6, 2017.'
p8
aS"Global Brokerage's Board of Directors Continues to Contract Finance Magnates - 19 hours ago Global Brokerage Inc , the new name for the public company that accommodates FXCM's assets outside of the US, has undergone a change to its board of directors, following its annual meeting of shareholders.FXCM cuts Board to seven with departures of Eric LeGoff and Jim Brown - LeapRate"
p9
aS"FXCM  shares plummet another 15% to new all time low LeapRate - Mar 16, 2017 While the rest of the equity market was soaring in the wake of the Fed's Wednesday rate hike, shares of Global Brokerage Inc  - recently renamed from FXCM Inc - dropped another 15% to close at $1.75 per share, its lowest closing price&nbsp;..."
p10
a.