(lp0
S'Southern Company Delays Its Kemper Power Plant Market Realist - Mar 20, 2017 It should also be noted that the plant is expected to only be competitive if natural gas prices are high. Southern Company is reported to have done a viability analysis with natural gas prices at $5 per million British thermal units. According to the U ...'
p1
aS"Southern Co.'s Synthetic Gas Plant Suffering With Lower For Longer NatGas Prices Natural Gas Intelligence - Feb 23, 2017 Continuously low prices for natural gas will have a major effect on Southern Company's operations, particularly itsclean coal synthetic gas generation project in Kemper County, MS, CEO Tom Fanning said during an earnings conference call on Wednesday.Kemper County Power Plant Is a New Headache for Southern Company - Market RealistSouthern Co: Kemper coal economics take a hit from low gas prices - Utility Dive"
p2
aS"Southern Company Says Its Delayed Kemper Power Plant Not Viable as Coal Plant DeSmog  - Feb 27, 2017 The documents also reveal that while possible gas price volatility was cited, Southern Company's proposal relied almost entirely on the plant's promise as a test case for cutting CO2 emissions from burning coal - especially lignite coal, a dirty, low ..."
p3
aS'Southern Company reports fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 earnings Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 &quot;2016 was a year of tremendous accomplishment for Southern Company,&quot; said Chairman, President and CEO Thomas A. Fanning.'
p4
aS"Brain Drain: Engineers and Managers Flee Southern Company's Troubled Kemper ... DeSmog  - Mar 17, 2017 With builder Southern Company still promising that the Kemper power plant will go online soon, a group of key engineers and managers who work on the plant's so-far-inoperable gasifier has left the company.Tube Leaks Cause Latest Delay to Kemper Project - POWER magazine"
p5
aS"The Dark Side And Bright Side Of Southern Company Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Natural gas price assumption used by Southern Company to evaluate the viability of Kemper IGCC project is slightly optimistic.Moody's downgrades Mississippi Power, assigns Ba1 CFR, outlook negative - Moodys.com  "
p6
aS"Why Southern Co stock is rising FX Daily Report - Feb 22, 2017 On the other hand, the company had reported the adjusted revenue growth of $5.18 billion in the fourth quarter 2016, beating the analysts' estimates for revenue of $4.42 billion due to a $1.11 billion contribution from Southern Company Gas. As a result ..."
p7
aS"A Closer Look at Southern Company's Kemper Power Plant Market Realist - Mar 6, 2017 After frequent delays and cost increases in construction, Southern Company's Kemper County plant's economics have stolen the focus this time."
p8
aS"Southern Co. profit hurt by higher costs MarketWatch - Feb 22, 2017 Southern said earnings were helped by retail revenue at its traditional electric operating companies and weather-related revenue impacts, but offset by higher operations and maintenance costs, increased share issuances and lower customer usage.Southern Co.'s New 'Clean Coal' Plant May Not Be Cost-Efficient - Wall Street Journal Southern Company earnings slide thanks to Kemper Project woes - Watchdog.org"
p9
aS"Southern Company's 4Q16 Revenues Surged on Favorable Weather Market Realist - Feb 23, 2017 Industrial sales continued their downtrend in 4Q16 as well. They fell 2.4% in the reported quarter compared to the year-ago quarter."
p10
a.