(lp0
S"Great Bear Resources  Advancing Exploration in BC's Golden Triangle Investing News Network    - Nov 30, 2016 Great Bear Resources  is a Canadian exploration company focused on advancing precious and base metals projects in two of the world's premiere mining jurisdictions."
p1
aS"Culina buys Great Bear to create 400m business Logistics Manager - Mar 1, 2016 Culina Group recognises that it is investing in a highly successful company with its own great spirit. Culina's aim now is to support our growth trajectory with the added workforce infrastructure and resources of the overall Group. The Great Bear ..."
p2
aS'Best practices from the Great Bear Rainforest Agreement National Observer - Jan 5, 2017 This article is produced in partnership with Teck Resources Ltd., Tides Canada and Vancity Credit Union to highlight the stories, people, and history behind the Great Bear Rainforest conservation agreements. National Observer has full editorial control ...'
p3
aS"Culina acquires Great Bear SHD Logistics - Mar 1, 2016 Culina's aim now is to support our growth trajectory with the added workforce infrastructure and resources of the overall Group, Said Glenn Lindfield - Chief Executive of Great Bear Distribution Limited. The Great Bear Board believes this move makes ..."
p4
aS'Great Bear Rainforest protection takes effect Jan. 1 Nelson Star - Dec 21, 2016 Of the 6.4 million hectares now known internationally as the Great Bear Rainforest, one third is off limits to commercial logging, and the rest allows low-impact resource development including forestry, tourism and hydroelectric projects that support ...'
p5
aS'5 Top TSX Stocks: Silver Miners On The Rise Investing News Network    - Aug 8, 2016 Shares of Levon Resources rose 14.29 percent last week to $0.52 per share. The company holds the advanced exploration stage silver-gold-zinc-lead porphyry Cordero project in Mexico.'
p6
aS'Mountain Boy Minerals Ltd. - Surface Sampling on the Surprise Creek Claims ... Canada NewsWire  - Aug 24, 2016 24, 2016 /CNW/ - Mountain Boy Minerals Ltd.  reports that it has transferred 50 % of the BA claims in the &quot;Golden Triangle&quot; area to its JV partner, Great Bear Resources Ltd  as outlined in a 2010 option agreement. Under ...'
p7
aS"William and Kate charm the Heiltsuk Nation in remote Canada rainforest Daily Mail - Sep 27, 2016 William and Kate ended their day by strolling through a wooded glade in the Great Bear Rainforest, as they made their way to a plaque unveiling ceremony that formally marked the natural wonder becoming part of the Queen's Commonwealth Canopy&nbsp;...Canada royal tour 2016 recap: Prince William and Kate Middleton visit ... - Mirror.co.ukPrince William and Kate to meet with First Nations, tour Central Coast region - Turtle Island News"
p8
aS'Canadian teacher awarded $1m prize for work to reduce teenage suicide rates ... The Independent - Mar 19, 2017 Maggie MacDonnel.jpg Maggie MacDonnell with United Arab Emirates Vice President, Sheikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, and Bear Grylls - who delivered the trophy via helicopter Varkey Foundation ... A town of less than 1,000 inhabitants, Salluit is an ...'
p9
aS'Why denying refugees the right to work is a catastrophic error The Guardian - Mar 22, 2017 But it is also a country whose refugee policies matter a great deal to the rest of the world: bordered by Syria, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Israel, Jordan represents a rare island of stability within an insecure region.'
p10
a.