(lp0
S'Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Steelcase Inc. , Everi Holdings ... StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Everi Holdings Inc. , at its latest closing price of $4.27, it has a price-to-book ratio of -, compared to an industry average at 2.81.Everi Holdings Inc  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeThe Everi Holdings Inc  Upgraded by Craig Hallum to Buy - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS"Looking for a Top Momentum Stock? 3 Reasons Why Everi Holdings  is a ... Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago This method discovered several great candidates for momentum-oriented investors, but today let's focus in on Everi Holdings Inc. EVRI as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous ways in which this company ..."
p2
aS"Everi Holdings: Too Much Risk, Not Enough Execution Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 I liked the story at Everi Holdings  last year, buying shares above $3 in November. I'd liked it even earlier: the late 2014 tie-up of Global Cash Access, a payments provider to the casino floor, and fast-growing slot machine manufacturer ..."
p3
aS'Is Everi Holdings Inc  Due for a Pullback? Business Review - 17 hours ago Everi Holdings Inc  has a current 14-day RSI of 80.43, indicating that the shares have entered into overbought range.'
p4
aS"Everi and VizExplorer Partner to Deliver Suspicious Activity Analytics through ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 19, 2016 LAS VEGAS, Sept. 19, 2016  -- Everi Holdings Inc.  , the casino gaming industry's single source provider of gaming products and payments solutions, today announced it has entered into an&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Is Everi Holdings Inc  Finding its Groove? Business Review - 13 hours ago Over the past five sessions, Everi Holdings Inc  has pulled in nice gains, moving higher 31.79% over the past five sessions.'
p6
aS'Stock Under Review: Everi Holdings Inc.  The Oracle Examiner - 18 hours ago While predicting the next move of Everi Holdings Inc. , volatility is an important factor to look at. Currently Everi Holdings Inc.  has weekly volatility of 9.61%% and monthly volatility of 5.52%%. In the words of investopedia.com ...'
p7
aS'Analytical Review of Everi Holdings Inc.  The Oracle Examiner - Mar 21, 2017 While predicting the next move of Everi Holdings Inc. , volatility is an important factor to look at. Currently Everi Holdings Inc.  has weekly volatility of 9.81%% and monthly volatility of 5.62%%. In the words of investopedia.com ...'
p8
aS'BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Rubicon Project, NeoPhotonics, Everi Holdings Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 EVERI HOLDINGS INC &lt;EVRI.N&gt;, Tuesday close $3.24, +7.72 pct premarket Brokerage Telsey Advisory Group upgraded the provider of cash services to casinos to &quot;outperform&quot; from &quot;market perform&quot;.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Catalyst Pharma, MSCI, Rubicon Project - Times of India'
p9
aS'Everi Holdings Inc  Moving Higher Over Past Week Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 Everi Holdings Inc  shares are showing positive signals short-term as the stock has finished higher for 7 consecutive bars.'
p10
a.