(lp0
S'Stock Update : General Electric Company Completes Upgrade at Upper ... Smarter Analyst - 16 hours ago General Electric Company  announced that it has completed the modernization of its latest combustion solutions for the 9FA gas turbine at the Kureimat power plant, located in Atfieh, Upper Egypt, and owned by the Upper Egypt Electricity&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Does General Electric Really Have An Accounting Problem? Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 For the past year General Electric  has been wandering around in this range of $28 to $33 and doing nothing for investors.General Electric Company Still Has a Capital Arm; Here's Why It Matters - Motley FoolCompany Watch for Portland General Electric Company  - Rives Journal"
p2
aS"General Electric  Modifies Management's Performance Framework Based on ... StreetInsider.com - 17 hours ago On March 22, 2017, General Electric Company , based on discussions with Trian Fund Management , disclosed its investor framework to set an Industrial operating profit- target of $17.2 billion for 2017, consistent with the Company ...GE links bonuses to cost-cutting targets after talks with Trian - ReutersDow Stock GE May Have Headed Off Activist Investor Fight With This Move - Investor's Business Daily"
p3
aS'GE  General Electric Company: GE Oil &amp; Gas expands global footprint with new ... The Wall Street Transcript - 15 hours ago Takoradi, GHANA - March 22, 2017: GE Oil &amp; Gas  opened a new facility in Takoradi Port, Ghana today, expanding its global footprint and supporting local investment.'
p4
aS'General Electric Company : Should Nelson Peltz Just Quit? Investorplace.com - Mar 20, 2017 The recent news that Nelson Peltz was putting pressure on General Electric Company  CEO Jeffrey Immelt after missed a number of key performance benchmarks put a charge in GE stock, rising to a one-month high on the possible &nbsp;...'
p5
aS"General Electric's Buyback Scorecard Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 GE sold its capital divestment plan as a way to buy back stock and replace the lost earnings growth. But this simply isn't the case despite enormous sums of money being spent."
p6
aS'General Electric Co  Closes 0.48% Up on the Day for March 22 Equities.com - 8 hours ago General Electric Co is a digital industrial company that transforms industry with software-defined machines &amp; solutions offering aircraft engines, locomotives, power generation &amp; oil &amp; gas equipment to medical imaging, financing &amp; industrial products.'
p7
aS"The Tide Could Be Turning For General Electric Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 General Electric  has been a drag on many a portfolio for the past one...two...ten years. The company's CEO has overstayed his due and his departure may point to a brighter future for GE. GE's divestiture of assets over the past few years has ...Why General Electric Company  Stock Is Way Too Dangerous - Investorplace.comWhy to Keeping Eye on General Electric Company , Snap Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal"
p8
aS"General Electric  Presents at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 So, we're delighted to how General Electric here at the Global Industrials conference. And we've got Victor Abate speaking, who is the Chief Technology Officer for GE. And obviously Digital is a very big theme across a lot of industrial companies. And ..."
p9
aS"General Electric has under-performed the market for the entirety for Immelt's ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 General Electric's  extremely poor performance was spotlighted recently when Jeff Immelt's pay was cut by 35%.General Electric: What If It's Not Immelt? - Barron's "
p10
a.