(lp0
S'What to Expect from Gilead Sciences, Inc.  Amid M&amp;A Buzz and Upcoming ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 21, 2017 Analysts see an interesting path ahead for Gilead Sciences, Inc. , between exciting collaborative possibilities and its pipeline catalysts that have brought bullish notes across the board to the surface.Gilead Sciences Inc. Posted losses of -1.41% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverAnalyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy on Gilead Sciences ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'3 Numbers That Make Gilead Sciences, Inc. Look Cheaper Than It Really Is Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Gilead Sciences  are trading at levels last seen in the first half of 2014, when trailing-12-month revenue and earnings were substantially lower than they are today.'
p2
aS'Gilead Sciences, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 14, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 Gilead Sciences, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 14, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.52 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 30, 2017.3 M&amp;A Scenarios For Gilead Sciences - Seeking AlphaIs It Time to Sell Gilead Sciences ? - Smarter Analyst'
p3
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Gilead Sciences, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Several of its most promising pipeline prospects are still years away from commercialization. All of these statements are true for Gilead Sciences . But is the big biotech destined for perpetual malaise? Not hardly. Here's why the best is ...Barclays Analyst Pens Open Letter To Gilead Board And Management - Benzinga"
p4
aS"Better Buy: Biogen Inc. vs. Gilead Sciences Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 27, 2017 Biogen  and Gilead Sciences  don't compete against each other -- at least not yet. Both biotechs are interested in the oncology and autoimmune disease therapeutic areas, so there's always a chance they could become rivals.What I'm Doing With My Gilead Sciences Shares - Seeking AlphaGilead Sciences to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference on ... - Yahoo Finance"
p5
aS"When It Rains, It Pours For Gilead Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 The company is reeling from the demise of its vaunted HCV franchise. According ... Gilead's Sovaldi and Ono and Bristol-Myers  Opdivo are among the drugs selected for another round of reviews and could potentially face even more reductions."
p6
aS'Insider Cuts Losses on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc , Gilead Sciences ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 14, 2017 Canaccord and Goldman Sachs are cautiously reigning in price targets on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  and Gilead Sciences, Inc. . Whereas one analyst spots a red flag ahead as investors scatter in the fray of Pershing&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Gilead Sciences Heading South? Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Gilead Sciences is still a great company with a war chest of capital waiting to be deployed, unlocking future growth.Gilead Sciences: M&amp;A to the Rescue? - Barron's A Look at Insider Trading: Gilead Sciences, Inc.  - Post Registrar"
p8
aS"Gilead: Despite The Incyte Rumors There Is Still Downside Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 The company has also been rumored to be making a bid for Incyte . I own the stock in my Portfolio of 12 and the stock hasn't performed to my expectations.What a Combined Gilead and Incyte Would Look Like - 24/7 Wall St.Gilead Looking To Buy Incyte? It Makes Sense - Benzinga"
p9
aS"Should The US Government Buy A Drug Company To Save Money? NPR - Mar 17, 2017 Since 2013, when Gilead Sciences Inc. released Sovaldi, the first medication that can reliably cure hepatitis C, health insurers and state Medicaid programs have been coming up with ways to limit access to it and a sister drug, Harvoni, because they're ..."
p10
a.