(lp0
S'About: General Mills,  Seeking Alpha - 20 hours ago Any time a blue chip company pulls back, I like to give that company a look. Often times I find a good reason to pick these names up on weakness.The BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Hold Rating for General Mills, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24General Mills, Inc. performed Poor with a change of -0.83% in the Last Trade - Free Observer'
p1
aS"General Mills hits seventh straight sales drop, and investors look for turning ... Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 21, 2017 Sales fell more than expected again at General Mills Inc., threatening the company's ability to maintain a profit drive that bolstered its market value and held off potential buyers.Is General Mills Compelling Near Its 52-Week Low? - Seeking AlphaGeneral Mills' inability to cut prices eats into sales - Reuters"
p2
aS"Critics: General Mills' seeds-for-bees promotion could spread weeds instead Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - 14 hours ago An effort by General Mills Inc. to help the nation's ailing bee population by giving away flower seeds in boxes of has generated the wrong kind of buzz for the company.Cheerios gave away flower seeds to save the bees, but they could do harm - WCNC.com"
p3
aS"Earnings Preview: What To Expect From General Mills On Tuesday Forbes - Mar 19, 2017 General Mills Inc. is scheduled to report earnings before Tuesday's open. The stock hit a record high of $72.95 a share in 2016 and is currently trading near $60/share."
p4
aS"Natural and organic a bright spot in General Mills' portfolio Food Business News  - 17 hours ago MINNEAPOLIS - Declines in Yoplait yogurt, Progresso soup, Pillsbury refrigerated dough and Fiber One snack bars contributed to the latest in seven straight quarters of falling sales at General Mills, Inc. Third-quarter results finished in line with ...General Mills says sales of 'light' yogurts hurting the most - nwitimes.com"
p5
aS'General Mills: What To Expect From Earnings Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 General Mills is due to report its third quarter earnings on the 21st of March. Since the company does not give quarterly guidance, investors have to figure this out themselves.Average Brokerage Rating Of General Mills, Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc.  - The USA CommerceHot Stocks Among Investors  General Mills, Inc. , Hilton Worldwide ... - Post Analyst'
p6
aS'How Analysts See General Mills Inc  Perform In The Year Ahead? Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 Based on the latest analyst predictions General Mills Inc  is estimated to grow its earnings 13.2% over the next year.Just the Facts on General Mills, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalWhat Analysts are Predicting For General Mills, Inc. , Fifth Third ... - The USA Commerce'
p7
aS"General Mills buys stake in Denver protein bar maker Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Feb 28, 2017 General Mills Inc. has invested in a non-dairy, vegan-based performance food upstart for an undisclosed amount. On Tuesday, Chicago-based 2x Consumer Products Growth Partners and Minneapolis-based 301 Inc., the investment partner and venture unit&nbsp;...Sycamore High grad scores venture capital deal with cereal maker General Mills - WCPOGeneral Mills takes stake in D's Naturals, maker of performance snacks - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p8
aS'General Mills beats 3Q profit forecasts NewsOK.com - Mar 21, 2017 MINNEAPOLIS  - General Mills Inc.  on Tuesday reported fiscal third-quarter earnings of $357.8 million. On a per-share basis, the Minneapolis-based company said it had net income of 61 cents.'
p9
aS'Dividend Stock Food Fight: General Mills Or Kellogg? Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 General Mills  and Kellogg Company  dominate the breakfast aisle and have done so for decades. Along the way, they have amassed huge product portfolios and sell their products around the world.General Mills  Invests in Denver Protein Bar Maker - Yahoo FinanceWhat Analysts are Predicting For Phillips 66 , General Mills, Inc. ? - The USA Commerce'
p10
a.