(lp0
S'Taking a Fresh Look at Glu Mobile Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 11 hours ago Glu Mobile Inc.  is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Multimedia &amp; Graphics Software.Glu Mobile continues to dip below $2. - Seeking AlphaGlu Mobile, Inc. subtracted -3.76% in its Stock Price in the Previous Trading ... - Free Observer'
p1
aS'Glu Mobile Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017  On March 8, 2017, William J. Miller, a member of the Board of Directors  of Glu Mobile Inc. , informed the Company that he was resigning from the Board, effective immediately.'
p2
aS'Trading Radar: Zooming in on Shares of Glu Mobile Inc  Rives Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Tracking stock levels, Glu Mobile Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of 93.4. Even though the name contains the word commodity, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks.'
p3
aS'Beta Analysis: Glu Mobile, Inc.  The Oracle Examiner - 16 hours ago While predicting the next move of Glu Mobile, Inc. , volatility is an important factor to look at. Currently Glu Mobile, Inc.  has weekly volatility of 3.78%% and monthly volatility of 4.09%%. In the words of investopedia.com, volatility ...'
p4
aS'Glu Mobile Inc.  Makes It Very Clear Through These Technicals NY Stock News - Mar 20, 2017 The technicals for Glu Mobile Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p5
aS'Glu Mobile Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Glu Mobile Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p6
aS"Glu Mobile Inc.  File 8-K : Change Of Directors Of Certain Officers FinancialsTrend - Mar 15, 2017 A member of the board of directors, William J. Miller of Glu Mobile Inc. announced that he is resigning from board membership with immediate effect.Analyst's Indicator Review for LendingClub Corporation , Glu Mobile Inc ... - The USA CommerceGlu Mobile Inc.  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze"
p7
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: FireEye, Inc. , Glu Mobile Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Glu Mobile Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -29.77, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Analyst's Indicator Review for Glu Mobile Inc. , Community Health ... - The USA CommerceAnalyst Views And Outlook On Two Stocks  Glu Mobile Inc. , Anthera ... - Post Analyst"
p8
aS'Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Oasis Petroleum Inc. , Glu Mobile ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 While trading at volume above than average, Glu Mobile Inc.  previous 52-week high was $3.27 and moved down -32.59% over the same period, trading at a volume of 7.12 million.'
p9
aS"Glu Mobile Inc. : The Technicals As Seen Today NY Stock News - Mar 17, 2017 Glu Mobile Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.