(lp0
S"Bearish Thoughts On General Motors' Shares Seeking Alpha - 12 hours ago While higher interest rates might be a positive for financials, at the margin, however, it comes at a time when credit card debt levels are approaching 2007 levels.Trump's EPA Policies Could Help Ford Motor Company  and General Motors ... - Investorplace.comGeneral Motors Company  Dips 3.25% for March 21 - Equities.com"
p1
aS"Permanently Cheap Seeking Alpha - 20 hours ago While General Motors' day-to-day valuation depends on a variety of extrinsic factors that are outside of management's control, there are things that the management can do to create value."
p2
aS'General Motors has been resurrected from the dead - literally. Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 General Motors has been resurrected from the dead - literally. The most recent breakthrough was the dividend, as the company has restored its payout to better than 4%. General Motors is not only a high-yielding stock, but it has lots of room for growth ...General Motors Is Undervalued - Yahoo FinanceJust the Facts on General Motors Company  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS"Mike Khouw Sees Unusual Options Activity In General Motors Benzinga - 19 hours ago Mike Khouw spoke on CNBC's Options Action about options trading volume in General Motors Company . Puts were very active on Tuesday and their volume was two times higher than the average daily put options volume."
p4
aS"Peugeot Reaches Deal to Buy European Brands From General Motors Bloomberg - Mar 4, 2017 PSA Group and General Motors Co. are set to announce on Monday the purchase of the Opel brand by the French company, creating the region's second-largest automaker and allowing GM to exit the European market, according to people familiar with the&nbsp;...General Motors Opel/Vauxhall Sale Doesn't Excite Shareholders - BenzingaPeugeot buys Vauxhall and Opel from General Motors for 1.9bn: But what ... - Telegraph.co.uk"
p5
aS'Auto Dividend Stock Showdown: General Motors Vs. Ford Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 While Ford made it through the recession, GM ended up declaring bankruptcy, and was eventually rescued by the U.S. government.Did General Motors Company  Discount Too Deeply? - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Market Perform on General ... - Market Exclusive'
p6
aS'Why Is General Motors Company  Rehiring 500 Michigan Workers? Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Bringing approximately 500 jobs back would give the company flexibility to meet market demand, it added. In addition, General Motors plans to create 220 jobs at a plant in Romulus, Michigan, where it is building 10-speed automatic transmissions ...General Motors will rehire 500 Michigan workers slated for layoffs - Economic TimesGeneral Motors shares gain a third straight session on Wednesday, auto maker ... - Binary Tribune'
p7
aS'General Motors lays off 1100 workers at a Michigan factory despite Trump ... Daily Mail - Mar 6, 2017 Employee Debbie Holbrook, center right, works on a Cadillac CTS on the production line at the General Motors Co.  Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan, U.S in October 2015.GM Layoffs: General Motors Company  to Cut 1100 Jobs in Michigan - Investorplace.comGeneral Motors Company  to Cut 1100 Jobs at Michigan Plant - Market Exclusive'
p8
aS'General Motors Says It Will Rehire 500 Workers Targeted In Scheduled Layoffs Townhall - Mar 17, 2017 The assembly line here will only produce two models of cars, but said that it will bring back 500 to give the company flexibility to meet market demand :.'
p9
aS'General Motors turns its back on long history in Europe Financial Times - Mar 6, 2017 General Motors is turning its back on its long history in Europe to return cash to shareholders, improve profitability, invest more in China and prepare for a future in which car companies transform themselves into mobility providers, General Motors ...'
p10
a.