(lp0
S"Texas-based Stage Stores says it might bid for Gordmans stores Omaha World-Herald - Mar 20, 2017 Houston-based retailer Stage Stores Inc. says it is seriously considering an offer for Gordmans to operate at least some of the stores and one warehouse on an ongoing basis, which would rescue at least part of the bankrupt Omaha retailer from liquidation.Jeff Gordman interested in bidding for bankrupt retailer with family's name - KETV Omaha"
p1
aS'Gordmans Stores Files for Bankruptcy With Plan to Liquidate Bloomberg - Mar 13, 2017 The shift has been especially rough on department stores, including regional chains like Gordmans that once enjoyed strong customer loyalty, but even national concerns like Sears Holdings Corp.Gordmans declares bankruptcy, will liquidate stores - Lincoln Journal StarGordmans files for bankruptcy protection, will liquidate inventory and assets - Omaha World-Herald'
p2
aS"Gordmans stores attract 2 bidders in bankruptcy court Rapid City Journal - Mar 21, 2017 A Gordmans store is seen in Omaha, Neb., Thursday, Aug. 5, 2010. Gordmans Stores Inc. operates 67 department stores in shopping centers throughout the Midwest.Houston retailer reportedly considers bidding on Gordmans assets in bankruptcy ... - Houston Business JournalUncertainty lies ahead for Gordmans' 5000 employees, but hope isn't lost ... - Omaha World-Herald"
p3
aS'Gordmans Stores Is Said to Prepare for Bankruptcy Filing Bloomberg - Mar 6, 2017 Gordmans Stores Inc., a Midwestern department-store chain founded more than a century ago, is preparing to file for bankruptcy, according to people familiar with the matter.Sources say Gordmans preparing to file for bankruptcy - Belleville News-DemocratGordmans Stores, Inc.  recently sold by insider Evans Lisa - Post Analyst'
p4
aS'Gordmans Stores to cut 600 jobs MarketWatch - Mar 16, 2017 Retailer Gordmans Stores Inc., which filed for bankruptcy on Monday, told state regulators it plans to lay off nearly 600 employees in Nebraska and Indiana.As Gordmans files bankruptcy, what will happen with the Louisville-area store? - Louisville Business First'
p5
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Gordmans Stores, Inc. , TrueCar, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Gordmans Stores, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -11.35 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;...Gordmans Stores, Inc.  loses confidence of 4 hedge fund managers - Post AnalystAnalysts Near-Term outlook: Gordmans Stores, Inc. , Diamond Offshore ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'Gordmans declares bankruptcy, closing all stores - KMOV.com KMOV.com - Mar 13, 2017 OMAHA, NE --  -- 03/13/17 -- Apparel and home dcor retailer Gordmans Stores, Inc.  today announced that it has filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States&nbsp;...KEYC - Gordmans Stores, Inc. Files for Bankruptcy, Plans to Liquidate - KEYCGordmans closing Moline, Davenport stores - Quad-Cities Online'
p7
aS"Timeline: Gordmans through the years Omaha World-Herald - Mar 8, 2017 1990: Jeff Gordman, Sam's great-grandson, joins Gordmans Stores Inc. 1992: Richman Gordman 1/2 Price Stores files for bankruptcy."
p8
aS"Let's Get Technical With Gordmans Stores, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - 12 hours ago With all other things going on, Gordmans Stores, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -91.01 percent in just three months."
p9
aS"GORDMANS STORES, INC.  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 On March 13, 2017, Gordmans Stores, Inc.  received a letter from the staff  of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC  stating that NASDAQ has determined that the Company's common stock will be delisted from the NASDAQ&nbsp;..."
p10
a.