(lp0
S"Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. Gets the Last Laugh in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2016 Keurig Green Mountain didn't have any price-sustaining news break during the week to defy gravity. The company behind the Keurig single-cup brewer is simply marching to the beat of its own drummer after agreeing to be acquired by privately held JAB&nbsp;...Vermont 100+ 29th Anniversary, Keurig Green Mountain still Number 1 - Vermont Biz"
p1
aS'Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. Stock Skyrockets on $13.9 Billion Acquisition ... Motley Fool - Dec 7, 2015 What: Shares of Keurig Green Mountain  were up 73.5% as of 11:00 a.m. EST Monday after the specialty coffee company agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding Company for $92 per share in cash. So what: That equates to a $13.9 billion&nbsp;...Keurig to Go Private in $13.9 Billion Buyout Led by JAB - Bloomberg'
p2
aS"Will Keurig Green Mountain Inc. Rise From the Ashes? Motley Fool - Sep 28, 2015 Once a stock market darling, Keurig Green Mountain  shares have fallen off a cliff following disappointing results in the first half of the year.Keurig Green Mountain launches Keurig KOLD - Vermont BizKeurig's Kelley Bets Big on Soda Maker - Wall Street Journal"
p3
aS"Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.'s Worst Product in 2015 Motley Fool - Dec 10, 2015 Despite Keurig Green Mountain's many recent shortcomings that include last year's Keurig 2.0 flop and its past couple of quarters showing declining sales and shrinking margins, you don't have to look hard to find the biggest dud in Keurig's portfolio ...Green Mountain purchased - Suffolk News-HeraldGMCR To Go Private; JAB Holding Offers $13.9 Billion Buyout Deal - Forbes"
p4
aS"Will 2016 Be Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.'s Best Year Yet? Motley Fool - Dec 28, 2015 After a fairly miserable year that saw sales fall partly because of consumer push-back against its signature K-Cup coffee pods, Keurig Green Mountain  closed the year with some stunning news. The coffee brand, which had seen its stock&nbsp;...Will Keurig Green Mountain  Stock Be Helped by Board's Go Private ... - TheStreet.comWill Keurig's  Decision to Go Private Aid the Stock? - Zacks.com"
p5
aS'Forget Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.: Here are 2 Better Dividend Stocks Motley Fool - Jan 24, 2016 Some investors bought Keurig Green Mountain  for its dividend potential. And why not? The young dividend policy was increasing quickly, and the yield hovered above 2% for a while.'
p6
aS'Keurig Green Mountain Agrees to $5.8 Million Settlement with the CPSC Daily Coffee News - Feb 22, 2017 Keurig Green Mountain Inc. has agreed to pay a $5.8 million civil penalty to the government following charges that it knowingly failed to report defects in Keurig Mini Plus brewing devices that presented injury risk, according to an announcement from ...Keurig Green Mountain To Pay $5.8 Million Civil Penalty - VendingMarketWatchKeurig Green Mountain to pay millions in civil penalties - WRGB'
p7
aS"Big Winners and Losers From the Keurig Green Mountain Inc Buyout Motley Fool - Dec 15, 2015 The acquisition announcement of Keurig Green Mountain  surprised a lot of investors last week. As the dust settles, many Keurig shareholders are feeling relief, thanks to the hefty 78% premium JAB paid for the shares. The same goes for&nbsp;...Keurig Green Mountain's Fiscal 2015 Results: Sales Fell 4% - Market RealistGreen Mountain Pod People Get Swallowed Up  - Investopedia"
p8
aS'Keurig Green Mountain to pay $5.8 million for failure to report defective ... Vermont Biz - Feb 21, 2017 Vermont Business Magazine The US Consumer Product Safety Commission  announced today that Keurig Green Mountain, Inc, based in Waterbury, has agreed to pay a $5.8 million civil penalty  to the government. The penalty settles&nbsp;...Keurig Green Mountain Agrees to Pay $5.8 Million Civil Penalty, Improve ... - PR Newswire Keurig Pays $5.8M To End CPSC Probe Over Burning Brewers - Law360 '
p9
aS"Keurig KOLD Already Looking Like A Flop For Keurig Green Mountain Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2015 The past year has been a nightmare for Keurig Green Mountain , with the company's stock losing nearly three-quarters of its value heading into its earnings report this past Wednesday.Stocks Stay Flat as Keurig Green Mountain Inc. and JM Smucker Co Jump - Motley FoolStock Update : Keurig Green Mountain Inc Canada Announces the ... - Smarter Analyst"
p10
a.