(lp0
S"BRIEF-General Communication Inc says Northpoint's staff to become GCI ... Reuters - Jan 11, 2017 WASHINGTON, Feb 3 U.S. Republicans on Friday repealed a securities disclosure rule aimed at curbing corruption at oil, gas and mining companies and voted to ax emissions limits on drilling operations, part of a push to remove Obama-era regulations on&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  Breaks into New 52 ... Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Shares of General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  broke into a new 52-week high yesterday, hitting a peak of $22.34.General Communication Inc. Cl A  A Birds Eye View on ... - FinancialsTrendGeneral Communication, Inc.  Reports Consolidated EPS Of $-0.4555 - Equities Focus'
p2
aS'General Communication Inc. Grows Revenue While Earnings Slump Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2016 Alaskan telecommunications company General Communication  reported its fourth quarter results on March 2. The company managed to grow revenue, but costs associated with its acquisition of a wireless business drove down profitability&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  Breaks into New 52 ... Equities.com - Mar 20, 2017 Shares of General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  broke into a new 52-week high yesterday, hitting a peak of $21.80.'
p4
aS"There Was Nothing Cold About General Communication, Inc. This Quarter Motley Fool - Nov 8, 2015 You'll need mobile coverage on the Alaskan tundra, too. Source: General Communication. Alaskan telecom General Communication  reported third-quarter results on Wednesday night, sparking a wild market ride in the Thursday session."
p5
aS'General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  Moves Higher on Volume ... Equities.com - Mar 20, 2017 General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 20, as the stock gained 4.55% to close at $21.58.General Communication, Inc. : Important Trade and Target Levels To Watch - Post AnalystFundamentals in Focus for General Communication, Inc.  - The Finance Registrar'
p6
aS'General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  Moves Higher on Volume ... Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 4.61% to close at $20.64.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For General Communication, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardGeneral Communication, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p7
aS'Breaking: General Communication Inc  Stock Through Resistance ... CML News - 17 hours ago Breaking: General Communication Inc  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p8
aS'GENERAL COMMUNICATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 General Communication, Inc. is a holding company. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, is a diversified communications provider with operations primarily in the State of Alaska.General Communication Inc. Class A Common Stock  Moves Lower on Volume ... - Equities.comGCI  General Communication Inc.: GCI REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER 2016 FINANCIAL ... - The Wall Street Transcript'
p9
aS"General Communication Inc  Pulls in Gains For the Week Business Review - Mar 21, 2017 General Communication Inc  shares have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 15.91% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p10
a.