(lp0
S"What You Must Know About Gaming Partners International Corporation's (GPIC ... Simply Wall St - 16 hours ago Small-cap companies such as Gaming Partners International Corporation  with its market cap of USD $79 Million, benefit the most from improving economic conditions due to the growth potential, but on the other hand they also are highly&nbsp;...Analysts See $0.00 EPS for Gaming Partners International Corp. , Luminex ... - HuronReport"
p1
aS"Gaming Partners International Corporation Completes Purchase of Dolphin ... PR Newswire  - May 17, 2016 NORTH LAS VEGAS, Nev., May 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation , a leading worldwide provider of casino currency and table gaming equipment, announced today that it has completed the purchase of the&nbsp;...GPI completes deal for Ent Gaming Asia's Dolphin assets - GGRAsia"
p2
aS'Gaming Partners International Corporation and Walker Digital Table Systems ... PR Newswire  - May 23, 2016 NORTH LAS VEGAS, Nev., May 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation  and Walker Digital Table Systems , LLC, have announced that they are expanding their working relationship to develop and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Wall Street Ratings Review on Gaming Partners International Corporation ... Rives Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Gaming Partners International Corporation . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'10.15 MarketWatch - Feb 20, 2011 ... at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns? Please email us at mwfeedback@marketwatch.'
p5
aS'Gaming Partners International Corporation Announces the Acquisition of ... PR Newswire  - Jul 1, 2014 LAS VEGAS, July 1, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation , a leading provider of casino currency and table game products worldwide, announced today that it has completed its acquisition of substantially all of the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Gaming Partners International plans $5.9M acquisition Las Vegas Review-Journal - Apr 22, 2016 Dolphin makes and distributes RFID and traditional gaming chips and plaques under the Dolphin brand to major Asian and Australian casinos.Unusual 11 Mid-Day Movers 4/22:    Higher;   (TRXC ... - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS'Gaming Partners International Corporation Announces Appointment of Michael D ... PR Newswire  - Sep 11, 2013 LAS VEGAS, Sept. 11, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation  , a leading provider of casino currency and table game equipment worldwide, announced that Michael D. Mann has been&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Gaming Partners International Corporation Acquires The Blue Chip Company's ... PR Newswire  - Jun 7, 2013 LAS VEGAS, June 7, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Gaming Partners International Corporation , a leading worldwide provider of casino currency and table gaming equipment, announced today that it purchased certain assets of The Blue Chip&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'9.72 MarketWatch - Jan 12, 2013 Gaming Partners International Corp. engages in the provision of casino currency and table game equipment worldwide, with offices and manufacturing facilities in key regions, including the Americas, Europe and Asia.'
p10
a.