(lp0
S"Joey Levin To Help Revamp Groupon Inc , Sources Say Journal Transcript - Mar 17, 2017 Lefkofsky highly appreciated the deep background in the digital space that the incoming official was pulling along into its operations.Groupon Inc  Now Under Fave - WallStreetPRWhat are Analyst's Indicators for Groupon, Inc. , ON Semiconductor ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"Groupon Inc : Room To Grow? Simply Wall St - Mar 14, 2017 Groupon Inc's  business model has evolved in recent years from primarily an email-based push model with a limited number of deals offered at any given time, to more extensive online pull marketplaces, where customers can come to&nbsp;...Form 8-K Groupon, Inc. For: Mar 13 - StreetInsider.comMarket Sentiment Bullish for Groupon Inc  - The Oracle Dispatch"
p2
aS"Groupon, Inc. Posted losses of -3.23% in the Last Trade Free Observer - 17 hours ago If you look at the company's income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, GRPN earned gross profit of 1.47 Billion, in 2015 1.39 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Groupon, Inc ...Mover within Investors Observation: Groupon, Inc.  - Is storiesResearch Report For Groupon, Inc.  - News Oracle"
p3
aS"Featured Stock for Investors: Groupon, Inc.  HugoPress - 18 hours ago Wedbush Downgrades Groupon, Inc. 's stock to Neutral with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 2/16/17."
p4
aS'Technical Review on Shares of Groupon Inc  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for Groupon Inc  is currently sitting at 0.17. The ATR basically measures the volatility of a stock ...'
p5
aS"What are Analyst's Indicators for Groupon, Inc. , Abercrombie &amp; Fitch Co ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 Presently Groupon, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 2.50. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell."
p6
aS'The Dust Has Cleared And Now Groupon, Inc.  And Its Technicals Are There ... NY Stock News - 12 hours ago Groupon, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p7
aS"Technicals in Focus for Groupon, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Groupon, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS'Is Groupon, Inc.  a Stock To Hold For The Long Haul? Aiken Advocate - 5 hours ago Groupon, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.'
p9
aS'Why Investors Should Be Excited About Groupon Inc ? Journal Transcript - Mar 2, 2017 Groupon Inc  has been in improvement mode since long, and the existing quarter validates that at least a bottom is in.'
p10
a.