(lp0
S'Services Stocks Under Scanner -- Sirius XM, Pandora Media, News, and Gray ... PR Newswire  - 19 hours ago Under review from this sector this morning are the following stocks: are Sirius XM Holdings Inc. , Pandora Media Inc. , News Corp.'
p1
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Gray Television, Inc. , Molina Healthcare, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Gray Television, Inc. , Molina ... - The USA Commerce"
p2
aS"Gray Television Probably Has More Upside - But Risks Abound Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Valuing Gray Television  using traditional methods isn't an easy task. There are a lot of moving parts in GTN's numbers at the moment.Analyst Activity  Singular Research Raises Its Price Target On Gray ... - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS'Gray Television Reaches Long-Term Agreement With Dish PR Newswire  - Jan 18, 2017 ATLANTA, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Gray Television, Inc.  (NYSE: GTN and GTN.Gray TV and DISH Network reach deal - KBTX'
p4
aS'Promising Stocks in Spotlight: Akers Biosciences, Inc.  Gray ... Rives Journal - 16 hours ago Akers Biosciences, Inc.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.'
p5
aS'Gray Television, Inc. Terms of Use Agreement KWQC-TV6 - Mar 6, 2017 This Terms of Use Agreement  has been updated to make it easier to read, to include new features, services and technology, and enhance several sections.'
p6
aS'Does Gray Television Offer a Good Value Buying Opportunity? Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Though Gray Television might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p7
aS'Gray Television  Catches Eye: Stock Adds 6.3% in Session Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Gray Television, Inc. GTN was a big mover last session, as its shares rose over 6% on the day. The move came after the company reported an earnings beat in fourth-quarter 2016.Gray Television, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market ExclusiveGray Television, Inc.  EPS Predicted At $0.71 - Transcript Daily'
p8
aS'Gray TV Affiliate Buys 3 Alaska Stations TVSpy - Nov 9, 2016 Northern Lights Media, which is owned by Gray TV, has bought three Fairbanks, Alaska TV stations. NBC affiliate KTVF, CBS affiliate ... Northern Lights GM Andy McLeod said his company aims to improve content at the stations. This deal makes sense on a&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"BRIEF-Gray Television CEO Hilton Howell's FY 2016 total compensation was $5.5 mln Reuters - 14 hours ago March 22 Two U.S. lawmakers sent a letter on Wednesday to PTC Therapeutics Inc, seeking information about the drugmaker's pricing strategy for its recently acquired muscle-wasting disorder drug."
p10
a.