(lp0
S'Looking at the Levels for Guidewire Software, Inc.  Rives Journal - 10 hours ago Looking at shares of Guidewire Software, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 3695163. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p1
aS'Guidewire Software Inc.  Has Jumped To A 3-Month High On Q2 Results Nasdaq - Mar 3, 2017  - Guidewire Software Inc.  reported second quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 after the bell Thursday, up from $0.24 a year ago.Guidewire Software Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Guidewire: Can It Resume Its Upward Climb? Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Guidewire  reported the results of its fiscal Q2 that ended 1/31 a little earlier this month. The results for the quarter were better than prior consensus expectations, at least those that were published.Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance Company of Idaho Selects Guidewire Digital ... - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Guidewire: Greenfield Opportunities Seeking Alpha - Jan 10, 2017 The company continues to successfully address one of the larger opportunities in the enterprise software universe and it has no real competition.'
p4
aS"Guidewire to Acquire Insurance Cloud Software Firm ISCS for $160 Million Insurance Journal - Dec 20, 2016 Guidewire's software helps P/C insurers with their core operations, data and analytics and digital management. The company has more than 260 customers globally. Guidewire also offers some cloud-based products but ISCS has specialized in that area for&nbsp;...Guidewire Software, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market ExclusiveGuidewire to Acquire ISCS - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Guidewire to Acquire FirstBest Systems Business Wire  - Aug 4, 2016 FOSTER CITY, Calif. &amp; BEDFORD, Mass.----Guidewire Software, Inc. , a provider of software products to Property/Casualty  insurers, and FirstBest Systems, Inc., a provider of an underwriting management system to P/C&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Guidewire Software Inc: Biggest intraday pct gain in a year Times of India - Mar 3, 2017 Software maker's shares jump as much as 7.2 pct to $59.51; Biggest intraday pct gain in a year. ** Q2 revenue, profit beat estimates helped by an increase in customer demand, and a strong performance in the license segment."
p7
aS'Guidewire Software Inc : Earnings To Drop In The Year Ahead, Is It A ... Simply Wall St - Mar 2, 2017 As per analysts covering Guidewire Software Inc  the earnings are expected to decrease -68.3% in the next 12 months.Stock Returns: BroadSoft Inc  is Beating Guidewire Software Inc ... - CML NewsBrokers Change Their Target Price On Guidewire Software, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Guidewire Software  Selected by Safety National for Billing Management ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 6, 2017 Guidewire Software, Inc.  today announced that Safety National has selected Guidewire BillingCenter, DataHub, and InfoCenter as its new billing management, data management, and analytics systems.'
p9
aS'Guidewire: Insuring Itself Against The Future Seeking Alpha - Sep 13, 2016 The generic nature of its products helps the company in marketing them across the length and breadth of the P&amp;C industry.'
p10
a.