(lp0
S'HYATT HOTELS CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago Hyatt Hotels Corporation is a global hospitality company. The Company develops, owns, operates, manages, franchises, licenses or provides services to a portfolio of properties, consisting of full service hotels, select service hotels, resorts and other ...'
p1
aS'Hyatt a player in Playa deal Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Hyatt Hotels  announces a full redemption of its $290M investment in Playa Hotels &amp; Resorts B.V.. Playa is combining with Pace Holdings Corp. . Hyatt will hold an equity stake of 11.57% in Playa Hotels &amp; Resorts N.V., the emerging&nbsp;...Hyatt Hotels  Announces $290M Accelerated Share Repurchase; Updates FY ... - StreetInsider.comHyatt Announces Redemption Of $290 Million Playa Preferred Stock Investment - Franchising.com '
p2
aS'A Look Ahead For 2 Stocks: DexCom, Inc. , Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Post Analyst - 14 hours ago Turning to Hyatt Hotels Corporation , its shares were trading at $51.9 a retreat of $-1.45, on the trading floor. The stock, after opening at $53.7, touched a high of $53.89 before paring much of its gains.'
p3
aS'Hyatt Hotels Corporation  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 4, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Hyatt Hotels Corporation is a global hospitality company. The Company develops, owns, operates, manages, franchises, licenses or provides services to a portfolio of properties, consisting of full service hotels ...Barings LLC Sells 10100 Shares of Hyatt Hotels Corporation  - BNB Daily The Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.27 ... - DailyQuint'
p4
aS'Hyatt Hotels Corporation Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 16, 2017 Hyatt Hotels Corporation Class A  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 0.54% to close at $53.26.The Way Analysts See Hyatt Hotels Corporation  - Post AnalystZacks Rank on Hyatt Hotels Corporation  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland Mirror'
p5
aS"No growth for growth's sake, says Hyatt chief Mark Hoplamazian The Australian - Mar 12, 2017 Mark Hoplamazian, president and CEO of Hyatt Hotels Corporation, has opened 59 new hotels, but the Armenian-American businessman is adamant he has not put one of the world's largest hotel chains on a growth path for the sake of it."
p6
aS'Hyatt Announces Plans for First Hyatt Place Hotel in Japan Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Hyatt Hotels Corporation  announced today that a Hyatt affiliate has entered into a management agreement with Tokyo Bay Resort Development Co.Which insiders are trading Hyatt Hotels Corporation ? - Post Analyst'
p7
aS'Hyatt Announces Plans for Hyatt Regency Chantilly Hospitality Net - Mar 6, 2017 CHICAGO -- Hyatt Hotels Corporation  announced today that a Hyatt affiliate has entered into a management agreement with Hospitality Management Chantilly for a Hyatt Regency hotel in Chantilly, France.Hyatt Announces Plans for First Hyatt-Branded Hotel in Algeria - Yahoo FinanceHyatt Announces Plans for Hotels in Algeria and France - Travel Agent'
p8
aS'Hyatt Regency to open in Phnom Penh Khmer Times - 13 hours ago We are delighted to bring the Hyatt Regency brand to Phnom Penh and Cambodia, and we are honored to begin our relationship with Chip Mong Group, said David Udell, group president - Asia Pacific, Hyatt Hotels Corporation in a press release.'
p9
aS"Hyatt launches new global campaign focusing on empathy, ad to run during Oscars CNBC - Feb 24, 2017 Global hotelier Hyatt is to launch a new global advertising campaign during this Sunday's Oscars' broadcast on ABC, focusing on moments of understanding around the world.Hyatt Makes Social Statement in First-Ever Oscars Campaign - CreativityWorld of Hyatt Welcomes New Era with For a World of Understanding - Business Wire "
p10
a.