(lp0
S'The Horizon Bancorp  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Petro Global News 24 - 17 hours ago Horizon Bancorp  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued on Monday.Horizon Bancorp  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemHorizon Bancorp  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Horizon Bancorp  is Beating Hanmi Financial ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Hanmi Financial Corporation  versus Horizon Bancorp  .'
p2
aS'Horizon Bancorp   Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Horizon Bancorp   traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.68% to close at $26.57. On the day, Horizon Bancorp  saw 118,276 shares trade hands on 739 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Under the Trendline, Stock Looks for a New-Year Reversal: Horizon Bancorp ... Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Shares of Horizon Bancorp  have been on a recent steady downtrend, causing some worry for shareholders. It is important to consider the moving averages of a downtrending security.'
p4
aS'4 Reasons to Buy Horizon Bancorp  Stock Right Now Nasdaq - Dec 30, 2016 Shares of Horizon Bancorp HBNC surged over 50% year to date, significantly outpacing the 35.3% gain for the Zacks categorized Northeast Banks industry.'
p5
aS'Pl Capital, Llc. Picked Up Horizon Bancorp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Feb 17, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Horizon Bancorp is a bank holding company. The Company provides a range of banking services in Northwestern and Central Indiana and Southwestern Michigan through its bank subsidiary, Horizon Bank, N.A.'
p6
aS'Horizon Bancorp Announces Closing of LaPorte Bancorp, Inc. Merger Business Wire  - Jul 18, 2016 MICHIGAN CITY, Ind.----Horizon Bancorp  , the parent of Horizon Bank, N.A.,  today announced the completion of the acquisition of LaPorte Bancorp, Inc.  and its&nbsp;...Horizon Bank buys LaPorte Savings, will close four offices - nwitimes.com'
p7
aS'Horizon Bancorp aquires LaPorte Bancorp Inc. South Bend Tribune - Jul 20, 2016 ... October when the systems integration process will be complete. At that time, customer accounts will automatically change to Horizon accounts with no action required on the part of the customer. All account numbers and information will remain unchanged.'
p8
aS'Horizon Bancorp and LaPorte Bancorp, Inc. Announce the Signing of a Merger ... Business Wire  - Mar 11, 2016 MICHIGAN CITY, Ind. &amp; LA PORTE, Ind.----Horizon Bancorp  and LaPorte Bancorp, Inc. , today announced they have executed a definitive merger agreement (the Merger&nbsp;...Horizon Bank buying LaPorte Savings Bank - nwitimes.comHorizon Bank, LaPorte Savings agree to merger - South Bend Tribune'
p9
aS'Horizon Bancorp   Stock ABR At 1.5 Markets Daily - 12 hours ago Market experts outlook on Horizon Bancorp   equity is positive. As of 2017-03-21, the stock ABR is 1.5 in 1-5 range.'
p10
a.