(lp0
S"Harte Hanks partners with Usermind Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Harte Hanks  announced that its Harte Hanks Consulting group will offer consulting and data management solutions along with Usermind's Customer Engagement Hub to clients.Which analysts are covering Harte Hanks, Inc. ? - Post AnalystWipro Limited announced its partnership with Harte Hanks, Inc.  - Benchmark Monitor"
p1
aS"Harte Hanks Partners with Usermind to Enhance Portfolio Nasdaq - 18 hours ago Marketing services provider Harte Hanks, Inc. HHS , recently announced its collaboration with Usermind's Customer Engagement Hub, to provide customers consulting and data management solutions."
p2
aS"Harte Hanks Announces Delay in Financial Report Filing Marketwired  - Mar 17, 2017 SAN ANTONIO, TX-- - Harte Hanks , a leader in customer relationships, experiences and interaction-led marketing, today announced that its release of earnings for the fourth quarter of, and full year 2016 has ...Is Harte Hanks Inc's  Balance Sheet A Threat To Its Future? - Simply Wall StHarte Hanks,Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial ... - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS"Left For Dead At Under $1, Harte Hanks Still Doesn't Look Attractive Seeking Alpha - Jun 3, 2016 Harte Hanks is still swooning, and it's not clear whether management has a) the competence or b) the sense of urgency to fix this organization."
p4
aS'Harte Hanks Seeks Strategic Alternatives for Trillium Software Yahoo Finance UK - Jun 7, 2016 SAN ANTONIO, TX-- - Harte Hanks , a leader in customer relationships, experiences and interaction-led marketing, today announced the Board of Directors has approved the exploration of strategic alternatives for ...Harte Hanks Inc.  pursuing strategic fit for Trillium - Scibility MediaHarte-Hanks  to Explore Strategic Alternatives for Trillium Software - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS"Form 4 HARTE HANKS INC For: Mar 16 Filed by: Lal Shirish R StreetInsider.com - Mar 20, 2017 Get the Pulse of the Market with StreetInsider.com's Pulse Picks. Get your Free Trial here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C."
p6
aS'Investor Chatter: Tracking Technical Indicators for Harte Hanks Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Traders are taking a second look at how shares of Harte Hanks Inc  have been performing lately. A favorite tool among technical stock analysts is the moving average.'
p7
aS'Harte Hanks: Still Out Of Favor And Clearly Undervalued Seeking Alpha - Nov 11, 2016 Harte Hanks, Inc.  currently trades for ~$85m. In the next 6-12 months it will dispose of its crown jewel division for what I estimate to be very conservatively $100m  and use the cash from the sale to repay ...'
p8
aS'Harte Hanks Announces Sale of Trillium Business Marketwired  - Nov 30, 2016 SAN ANTONIO, TX-- - Harte Hanks , a leader in customer relationships, experiences and interaction-led marketing, today announced a definitive agreement whereby Syncsort, a global leader in Big Iron to Big Data ...Clearlake Capital-Backed Syncsort Acquires Trillium Software - PR Newswire '
p9
aS"Harte Hanks'  CEO Karen Puckett on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Specifically, we had a strong September sell, saw stabilization in our database business, and are having success cross-selling with 3Q Digital and our Harte Hanks Consulting services. We're also seeing an increase in complex bids, which we can leverage&nbsp;..."
p10
a.