(lp0
S'How Financially Strong Is Hill International Inc ? Simply Wall St - Mar 8, 2017 Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like Hill International Inc  with its market cap of USD $243 Million.Hill International, Inc.  likely to see 5% move on its earnings reaction day - Post AnalystHill International Delays Release of Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 ... - Military Technologies'
p1
aS'Hill International Receives Four Contracts to Provide CEI Services to the ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 15, 2017  -- Hill International , the global leader in managing construction risk, announced today that it has received four contracts to provide construction engineering and inspection  services on various projects for ...'
p2
aS'Crunching the Numbers for Hill International Inc  Baxter Review - 14 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Hill International Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.18. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge stock volatility.'
p3
aS"Hill International Issues Letter to Stockholders in Connection with Proxy Contest GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2016 PHILADELPHIA, July 25, 2016  -- Hill International , the global leader in managing construction risk, today announced that it has issued a letter to its stockholders in advance of the company's 2016 Annual Meeting of&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Philly-based Hill International to supervise massive German development project Philly.com - Feb 28, 2017 Philadelphia-based construction-management firm Hill International Inc. has been awarded a contract to provide project-management and site-supervision tasks for the massive Ueberseequartier Sued mixed-use development in Hamburg, Germany .'
p5
aS'Hill International Proxy Contest: An Independent View Seeking Alpha - Aug 3, 2016 Activist shareholder Bulldog Investors is once again engaging the Hill International board, this time nominating three of its own directors.'
p6
aS"Hill International Agrees to Sell Construction Claims Group to Private Equity ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 20, 2016 The transaction is expected to be principally tax-free to Hill in the United States as a result of the company's significant net operating loss carryforwards. Our Construction Claims Group was the original business that began Hill more than four ...UPDATE: Cuts to Philly HQ likely as Hill sells claims to UK buyer for $147M - Philly.com Hill Intl to sell construction claims group - Construction Week Online"
p7
aS'Hill International to Provide Program Delivery Services for Newark Liberty ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 4, 2016 PHILADELPHIA and NEWARK, N.J., Nov. 04, 2016  -- Hill International , the global leader in managing construction risk, announced today that it has received a five-year contract from the Port Authority of New York and New&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Hill International Named Project Manager for Al Wa'ab City Development in Qatar GlobeNewswire  - Dec 6, 2016 PHILADELPHIA and DOHA, Qatar, Dec. 06, 2016  -- Hill International , the global leader in managing construction risk, announced today that it has received a contract from Al Wa'ab City W.L."
p9
aS"Stock Price Move: Hill International, Inc.  Is stories - 18 hours ago Hill International, Inc.'s  witnessed a gain of 1.06% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 4.75."
p10
a.