(lp0
S"Traders Secrets on Vornado Realty Trust , Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 0.66, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p1
aS'Why Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Dropped 11% Today Motley Fool - Jan 12, 2017 For this, you can blame the not-so-friendly analysts at JMP Securities, which this morning pulled their already underwhelming market perform rating from Hovnanian stock, and downgraded the shares to market underperform . As detailed in a&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Why Hovnanian Enterprises Inc. Slumped 15% Today Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2016 What: Shares of home builder Hovnanian Enterprises  slumped on Wednesday after the company reported its fiscal first-quarter results, missing analyst estimates for both revenue and earnings.Hovnanian Misses Profit, Revenue Estimates, but Sticks With Guidance - 24/7 Wall St.Hovnanian exiting four housing markets, focus on repaying debt - NorthJersey.com'
p3
aS"Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc'  CEO Ara Hovnanian on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Hovnanian Enterprises Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call."
p4
aS'The Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment ... Petro Global News 24 - 17 hours ago Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a note issued to investors on Monday.'
p5
aS"Why Shares of Hovnanian Enterprises Slumped Today Motley Fool - Sep 9, 2016 Shares of home builder Hovnanian Enterprises  slumped on Friday following the company's fiscal third-quarter report."
p6
aS'K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Announces Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 29, 2016 RED BANK, N.J., July 29, 2016  -- Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.   announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. , has commenced a tender offer (the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Will Hovnanian Enterprises Inc  Continue To Underperform Its Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 8, 2017 Hovnanian Enterprises Inc  generated a 2.2% ROE in the last year, compared to its industry's 21.99% ROE. But the profitability ratio, often called 'the mother of all ratios', reflects a company's performance both on its income statement and ...Hovnanian Enterprises Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results - Yahoo FinanceHovnanian Enterprises Inc. Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 08 - Equities.com"
p8
aS'Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 Hovnanian Enterprises logo Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a note issued to investors on Monday.Hovnanian Enterprises Inc. Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comHovnanian Enterprises Inc  Stock ABR At 3.67 - Markets Daily'
p9
aS'Following the Average True Range Indicator for Hovnanian Enterprises Inc  Baxter Review - 12 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, Hovnanian Enterprises Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.38. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in&nbsp;...'
p10
a.