(lp0
S"Helmerich &amp; Payne, Inc.  Options are Outperforming Netflix Inc ... Yahoo Finance - 12 hours ago While the tech stocks like Netflix Inc  and Apple Inc  have been getting all the headlines, it turns out that the little remembered, 'boring,' basic materials company Helmerich &amp; Payne, Inc.  has seen its stock price return sit at ...Bernstein Upgrades the shares of Helmerich &amp; Payne, Inc.  to Outperform - HugoPressAnalyst Stock Recommendations For Helmerich &amp; Payne, Inc. , Fastenal ... - TWN"
p1
aS"Idaho Wants to Pay Millions For This HP Inc. Campus Fortune - Mar 16, 2017 HP Inc.'s big campus in Boise, Idaho may become the new home for that state's tax office. Idaho governor C.L. Butch Otter said Thursday that his administration plans to negotiate with HP to buy the huge Boise campus for roughly $110 million, plus an ...Idaho wants to buy HP's entire Boise campus for $110 million, move agencies there - Idaho StatesmanIdaho Is Seeking To Buy HP's Boise Campus For $110 Million - CRN"
p2
aS'HP Inc. Gets Lift From Stabilizing PC Market Fortune - Feb 22, 2017 HP Inc, which houses the hardware business of former Hewlett-Packard, reported a 3.6% rise in quarterly revenue, largely helped by a stabilizing PC market.HP Inc.  Earnings &amp; Revenues Surpass Estimates in Q1 - NasdaqHPE reports 10 per cent revenue fall - days after HP Inc posts rise - www.computing.co.uk'
p3
aS'HP Ink says ink sales are down but PC sales are up, up, up! The Register - Feb 23, 2017 HP Inc has reported its first quarter results with a highlight being increased sales and revenue for PCs, but a dip for printer-related activities.HP Inc. Can Thank Personal Computers for Lifting Sales - FortuneHP Inc posts Q1 sales rise - Office Products International '
p4
aS'HP Inc. Challenges Tech Industry to Raise the Bar on Electronics Recycling Sustainable Brands - Mar 13, 2017 According to environmental non-profit Basel Action Network , electronics recycling may not be quite as straightforward as consumers believe.'
p5
aS'HP Inc. Challenges Tech Industry to Improve E-Waste Recycling Efforts waste360 - Mar 14, 2017 HP Inc. Challenges Tech Industry to Improve E-Waste Recycling Efforts. Recycling of electronics is a complex task, but increased transparency could offer a potential solution to the growing problem.'
p6
aS'Is It Finally Time to Buy HP Inc. Stock? Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Shares of HP  jumped 9% on Feb. 23, after the PC and printer vendor posted a solid first quarter report. Revenue rose 4% annually to $12.7 billion, beating expectations by $850 million.'
p7
aS'HP Inc.  Poised for Long-Term Growth Despite Risks Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 One such stock that investors need to hold on to right now is HP Inc. HPQ. Though there are a few concerns, these are short lived and the stock has the potential to perform well in the long run.'
p8
aS'Workers put out small fire at HP Corvallis Gazette Times - Mar 21, 2017 The Corvallis Fire Department responded to a fire at HP Inc. on Monday evening, but company employees had the small blaze extinguished by the time firefighters arrived.'
p9
aS"HP Inc. shares get a bump after surprisingly good Q1 earnings report Silicon Valley Business Journal - Feb 23, 2017 Shares of PC and printer maker HP Inc. were up more than 8 percent in mid-day trading Thursday, after the company r eported first-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street's expectations."
p10
a.