(lp0
S"Boral to Acquire Headwaters Inc. Wall Street Journal - Nov 20, 2016 SYDNEYBoral Ltd. of Australia agreed to a US$1.86 billion deal to acquire building-products company Headwaters Inc., betting on the U.S.Why Headwaters Inc.'s Shares Popped 17% Today - Motley FoolHeadwaters Incorporated Enters into Definitive Merger Agreement to Be Acquired ... - Business Wire "
p1
aS"Headwaters Inc  Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 Headwaters logo Headwaters Inc 's stock had its hold rating restated by Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued on Friday.Headwaters Inc  Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC - The Cerbat GemThe Headwaters Inc  Shares Sold by Guggenheim Capital LLC - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS"BRIEF-Headwaters Inc says on February 9, 2017, each of co and Boral received a ... Reuters - Feb 9, 2017 March 21 The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday put new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board."
p3
aS'Headwaters Incorporated Announces Closing of Krestmark Industries Acquisition ... Business Wire  - Aug 23, 2016 SOUTH JORDAN, Utah---- HEADWATERS INCORPORATED, a building products company dedicated to improving lives through innovative advancements in construction materials, today announced the closing of its acquisition&nbsp;...Headwaters Incorporated Acquires Dallas-based Krestmark Incorporated - Utah Business'
p4
aS"The Headwaters Inc  Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Headwaters Inc 's stock had its hold rating reiterated by equities researchers at Jefferies Group LLC in a note issued to investors on Friday."
p5
aS'Headwaters Incorporated Announces Results for First Quarter of Fiscal 2017 Business Wire  - Jan 31, 2017 SOUTH JORDAN, UTAH---- HEADWATERS INCORPORATED, a building products company dedicated to improving lives through innovative advancements in construction materials, today announced results for its first quarter&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Headwaters Incorporated Announces Results for Third Quarter of Fiscal 2016 Business Wire  - Aug 2, 2016 SOUTH JORDAN, Utah----HEADWATERS INCORPORATED , a building products company dedicated to improving lives through innovative advancements in construction materials, today announced results for its third quarter of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Looking Beyond Headwaters Inc. 's Disappointing F3Q Scibility Media - Aug 3, 2016 The kind of earnings and revenue that Headwaters Inc.  posted in its F3Q2016 didn't impress anyone, save for the management that tried to highlight improvements in the results from a year ago period."
p8
aS'Headwaters Incorporated Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results Business Wire  - Nov 1, 2016 SOUTH JORDAN, Utah---- HEADWATERS INCORPORATED, a building products company dedicated to improving lives through innovative advancements in construction materials, today announced results for its fourth quarter&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Headwaters Inc  Position Raised by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. BNB Daily  - Mar 11, 2017 Headwaters logo Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. raised its position in shares of Headwaters Inc  by 2.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p10
a.