(lp0
S"How Interactive Brokers Group Inc's  12.5% ROE Fares Against The Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 22, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group Inc's  ROE of 12.5% over the past year stood above the industry average of 11.89%."
p1
aS'Interactive Brokers Group Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Interactive Brokers Group Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock lost 0.74% to close at $34.99.Company Watch for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  - Rives JournalThe Way Analysts See Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p2
aS'Currency Headwinds a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 18, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  continues to be an attractive trading platform for funds and smaller investors, growing its active accounts and equity once again in the fourth quarter of 2016.Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.   Stock Valuation - ValueWalkWhy Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. stock is subdued - FX Daily Report'
p3
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Interactive Brokers Group Inc Implied ... CML News - 16 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Interactive Brokers Group Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p4
aS"Why You Shouldn't Panic Over Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s Down Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 20, 2016 As I highlighted in my earnings preview for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. , the company has done a great job of attracting new customers and capital to the electronic brokerage business so far in 2016.Interactive Brokers Group's  CEO Thomas Peterffy on Q2 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"Here's what to watch when Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. reports earnings on ... Motley Fool - Jul 13, 2016 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s  move to service a broader swath of the investment community has come with some strange side effects for the business."
p6
aS"Slow Trading Is a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 21, 2016 Investors aren't trading in the volume they once were in today's relatively calm market and that's hurting both Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s  brokerage and market-making businesses. The slowdown will likely be a temporary calm until&nbsp;...The Best Broker for Dividend Investors: Interactive Brokers  - ValueWalk"
p7
aS'Stock Alert: Interactive Brokers Group Inc Price Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Interactive Brokers Group Inc  has seen its stock price move at an extreme low level.'
p8
aS'Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 27, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.1 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 14, 2017.Stock Returns: Stifel Financial Corp.  is Beating Interactive Brokers ... - CML NewsInvestors Traded Stocks: Office Depot, Inc.  , Interactive Brokers ... - NYSE Journal '
p9
aS'Interactive Brokers adds IBot voice recognition on TWS for desktop FinanceFeeds  - Mar 19, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  continues to push into the world of artificial intelligence, as exhibited by the rapid development of the capabilities of IBot, a language interface to trading that can be used by traders utilizing the TWS ...'
p10
a.