(lp0
S"Here's Why International Business Machines Corp. Stock  Holds Potential Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 International Business Machines Corp.'s  recent investor briefing reflected its continuing focus on being a cloud-first company."
p1
aS'International Business Machines Corp  Closes 0.52% Up on the Day for March 22 Equities.com - 9 hours ago After opening the trading day at $174.04, shares of International Business Machines Corp traded between a range of $172.80 and $175.06.Profit in International Business Machines Corp.  Stock Regardless of Movement - Investorplace.comInternational Business Machines Corp.  Announces Effort To Offer ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS"EOD Risers: International Business Machines Corp., Intel Corporation, Johnson ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 21, 2017 Shares of International Business Machines Corp. ticker lookup code:  a technology company, stepped up 0.03% or 0.05 points during the course of yesterday's session."
p3
aS"International Business Machines Corp. launches enterprise-ready ... FX Daily Report - Mar 20, 2017 International Business Machines Corp. has announced the new release of IBM Blockchain, the first enterprise-ready blockchain service based on the Linux Foundation's Hyperledger Fabric version 1.0.IBM's blockchain and Wanda cloud deal - Seeking AlphaIBM launches enterprise-ready blockchain service - The Asian Age"
p4
aS"5 Signs International Business Machines Corp. Needs New Management Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 If we look at the long-term chart, IBM's performance look less rosy. CEO Ginni Rometty took the helm back in 2012, but IBM's stock remains down 10% over the past five years. Let's take a closer look at Rometty's five biggest shortcomings to see if it's ...International Business Machines Corporation  - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"IBM Is Still A Great Long-Term Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Because of weak top and bottom line performance IBM's share price has not appreciated much over the past few years. Currently management is working hard on offsetting the revenue decline and is making progress."
p6
aS"IBM and Salesforce shake hands on artificial intelligence CNBC - Mar 6, 2017 IBM is teaming up with Salesforce to make it easier for Salesforce customers to use data from IBM's Watson artificial intelligence platform.IBM  International Business Machines Corporation: IBM and Salesforce Announce ... - The Wall Street TranscriptIBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence - Wall Street Journal "
p7
aS"Forget International Business Machines Corporation: Here Are 2 Better Dividend ... Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 What a long, strange trip it's been for shares of enterprise tech stalwart International Business Machines . While IBM badly missed the dawn of the cloud-computing era, there's mounting evidence that 2017 will be the year the seeds of CEO ...International Business Machines Corp  Closes 1.08% Down on the Day for ... - Equities.com"
p8
aS'IBM  International Business Machines Corporation: Wanda and IBM Sign ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 19, 2017 Through the new Wanda Cloud Company, Chinese businesses will have access to selectIBM cloud infrastructure and platform as a service  technologies.International Business Machines Corp.  And Veritas Agree To ... - Market ExclusiveIBM Unveils New Developer Tools For Financial Services; To Work With SecureKey - RTT News'
p9
aS'IBM: A Turning Or Sinking Ship? Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Analyst targets for IBM are all over the map, from the mid $120s to the low $200s. Revenue and profit are both inconsistent; and cash has decreased significantly.'
p10
a.