(lp0
S"China's ANTA Sports plans $488 million share sale to fund acquisition Reuters UK - Mar 22, 2017 The major shareholders, comprising Anda Holdings International Ltd, Anda Investments Capital Ltd and Anta International Group Holdings Ltd would subscribe for the new shares on completion of placing the same amount of existing shares at the same price&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Costa Group Holdings Ltd  Reaches New Key RSI Level Business Review - 18 hours ago Costa Group Holdings Ltd  has a current ROIC of 5.61. ROIC is calculated by dividing Net Income - Dividends by Total Capital Invested. Similar to ROE, ROIC measures how effectively company management is using invested capital to generate&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Is a Pullback Coming For Man Wah Holdings Ltd ? Business Review - 16 hours ago Another ratio we can look at is the Return on Invested Capital or more commonly referred to as ROIC. Man Wah Holdings Ltd  has a current ROIC of 27.84. ROIC is calculated by dividing Net Income - Dividends by Total Capital Invested. Similar to&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Jupai Holdings Ltd  True Range Trending Higher Business Review - Mar 21, 2017 Jupai Holdings Ltd  shares have seen the Average True Range climb higher over the past 10 sessions, indicating strong momentum potential and increased volatility.'
p4
aS'Nine Dragons Paper Holdings Ltd  Climbing The Ladder 7 Straight Sessions Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 One ratio we can look at is the Return on Invested Capital or more commonly referred to as ROIC. Nine Dragons Paper Holdings Ltd  has a current ROIC of 5.78. ROIC is calculated by dividing Net Income - Dividends by Total Capital Invested.'
p5
aS'Lifestyle International Holdings Ltd  Momentum Rising With Positive ... Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 One ratio we can look at is the Return on Invested Capital or more commonly referred to as ROIC. Lifestyle International Holdings Ltd  has a current ROIC of 6.80. ROIC is calculated by dividing Net Income - Dividends by Total Capital Invested.'
p6
aS"Bain Capital Investors Llc Buys Frank's International NV, Sells Veritiv GuruFocus.com - 8 hours ago Boston, MA, based Investment company Bain Capital Investors Llc buys Frank's International NV, sells Veritiv during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Bain Capital Investors Llc. As of 2016-12 ..."
p7
aS"Ackman's Investors Won't Get Their Yachts Bloomberg - Mar 16, 2017 The fees charged by Ackman's fund, Pershing Square Capital Management, have been slightly lower than the norm: a 1.5 percent annual management fee and performance fees that have ranged up to 16 percent, depending on the fund."
p8
aS"How much charge is really left in the lithium boom? Proactive Investors UK - 17 hours ago That's a pertinent question for investors who have been booking huge gains on the likes of European Metals Holdings Limited  and Nemaska Lithium . Shares in European Metals have risen more than tenfold since the&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd  Reaches $16.64 After 8.00% Down ... HuronReport - 12 hours ago Rhumbline Advisers invested 0.01% of its portfolio in Axis Capital Holdings Limited . California Pub Employees Retirement has invested 0.03% in Axis Capital Holdings Limited . Globeflex Capital LP has invested 0.37% in Axis Capital&nbsp;...'
p10
a.