(lp0
S'ID Systems Signs Exclusive Agreement with Avis Budget Group for the Deployment ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 20, 2017 WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., March 20, 2017  -- I.D. Systems, Inc.  and Avis Budget Group, Inc.  have executed a purchase agreement for deployment of I.D.ID Systems to provide technology to Avis Budget Group - NJBIZ'
p1
aS'ID SYSTEMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 I.D. Systems, Inc.  develops, markets and sells wireless machine-to-machine solutions for managing and securing enterprise assets, which include industrial vehicles, such as forklifts and airport ground support equipment, rental vehicles ...This Weeks Target Prices For ID Systems, Inc.  - NewsDen'
p2
aS'Investor Review: Focusing in on Shares of ID Systems Inc  Baxter Review - 9 hours ago Active traders have a wide variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. Presently, the 14-day ATR for ID Systems Inc  is spotted at 0.31. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may assist ...'
p3
aS'ID Systems Inc  Relative Strength Hits Key Level Business Review - 17 hours ago Checking on current RSI levels on shares of ID Systems Inc , the 14-day RSI is currently standing at 71.33, pushing the stock into overbought territory.'
p4
aS'ID Systems Inc  Surging Higher of Late Business Review - 19 hours ago Over the past five sessions, ID Systems Inc  has pulled in nice gains, moving higher 8.14% over the past five sessions.'
p5
aS'ID SYSTEMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Feb 24, 2017 I.D. Systems, Inc.  develops, markets and sells wireless machine-to-machine solutions for managing and securing enterprise assets, which include industrial vehicles, such as forklifts and airport ground support equipment, rental vehicles ...'
p6
aS'ID Systems Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Mar 2, 2017 WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., March 02, 2017  -- I.D. Systems, Inc. , a leading provider of enterprise asset management technology and solutions for the Industrial Internet of Things, reported results for the fourth quarter and&nbsp;...ID Systems, Inc.  Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations ... - BNB Daily '
p7
aS'ID Systems Introduces FleetView Next-Generation Fleet Management Software GlobeNewswire  - Sep 15, 2016 WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., Sept. 15, 2016  -- The Asset Intelligence subsidiary of I.D. Systems, Inc. , a leading provider of enterprise asset management technology and solutions for the Industrial Internet of Things,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'ID Systems, Inc.  Given a $9.00 Price Target by Roth Capital Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago I.D. Systems, Inc. logo Roth Capital set a $9.00 price objective on I.D. Systems, Inc.  in a research note published on Tuesday.The ID Systems, Inc.  Given a $9.00 Price Target at Roth Capital - Petro Global News 24Stock inside Traders Spotlight: ID Systems, Inc.  - Is stories'
p9
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: ID Systems Inc Stock Volatility Hits An Unsually ... CML News - 17 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that I.D. Systems Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at an escalated level.'
p10
a.