(lp0
S'Why Is International Flavors  Up 4% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - 23 hours ago It has been about a month since the last earnings report for International Flavors &amp; Fragrances, Inc . IFF . Shares have added nearly 4% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Francisco Fortanet Sells 2200 Shares of International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'International Flavors And Fragrances Inc Earnings Climb 16% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017  - International Flavors And Fragrances Inc  revealed a profit for its fourth quarter that climbed compared to the same period last year.'
p2
aS"Stock Watch for International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 17 hours ago Market watchers might be keeping an eye on International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc. 's Piotroski F-Score. The F-Score was created to help spot company stocks that have solid fundamentals, and to filter out weaker companies."
p3
aS"BRIEF-International Flavors &amp; Fragrances CEO Andreas Fibig's FY 2016 total ... Reuters - Mar 20, 2017 JAKARTA, March 21 Freeport McMoRan Inc's Indonesian unit has resumed production of copper concentrate at its giant Grasberg mine, a spokesman told Reuters on Tuesday, ending a more than one-month stoppage."
p4
aS'Specialty Chemicals Stocks Under Scanner -- Delta Technology, International ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 This Friday, Stock-Callers.com has initiated reports coverage on the following Specialty Chemicals equities: Delta Technology Holdings Ltd , International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc. , Kronos Worldwide Inc. , and&nbsp;...International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  Major Shareholder Purchases ... - Chaffey BreezeAn End-of-Day Technical Review: International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc. (IFF ... - Post Analyst'
p5
aS'International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  Moving Higher Over Past Week Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  shares are showing positive momentum over the past week as the stock has clocked in consecutive positive sessions over that time.'
p6
aS'Insider Trading Activity International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc (NYSE:IFF ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 On 2/19/2013 Nicolas Mirzayantz, Insider, sold 1,370 with an average share price of $73.83 per share and the total transaction amounting to $101,147.10.International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc Risk Points versus Materials - CML NewsInternational Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  Major Shareholder Winder ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'International Flavors &amp; Fragrances stock jumps asUBS upgrades to buy MarketWatch - Feb 23, 2017 International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc. shares IFF, +2.45% rose 2.5% Thursday, after UBS upgraded the stock to buy from neutral and reiterated their view that the stock is a high quality laggard for 2017.Stock Rating Update on the Shares of: International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc ... - Post RegistrarRevenue Update on International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc - Energy Index'
p8
aS'International Flavors &amp; Fragrances: Growth Will Continue Seeking Alpha - Nov 22, 2016 Last January, I suggested that Street analysts had become excessively cautious on International Flavors &amp; Fragrances .'
p9
aS"CFO Switch-Up At International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Benzinga - Oct 12, 2016 The CFO departure at International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  surprised Deutsche Bank as the outgoing Alison Cornell had been with the company only for a little over a year.International Flavors Completes Acquisition of David Michael - NasdaqIFF appoints Richard O'Leary as CFO - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.