(lp0
S'Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal Bloomberg - Aug 31, 2016 Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., the maker of call-center software, has agreed to buy Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. in a deal valued at about $1.4 billion. Genesys will pay Interactive Intelligence holders $60.50 a share in cash, the&nbsp;...Competitor snaps up Interactive Intelligence in $1.4B deal - Indianapolis Business Journal'
p1
aS"Why Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. Soared Today Motley Fool - Feb 2, 2016 What: Shares of cloud software and services provider Interactive Intelligence Group  soared on Tuesday following the company's fourth-quarter earnings report. Interactive Intelligence beat analyst estimates for both revenue and earnings,&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Why Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Soared Today Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 What: Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group  soared on Tuesday following the company's second-quarter report."
p3
aS'Danger Zone: Interactive Intelligence Group Inc  ValueWalk - Jun 14, 2016 In fact, ININ was once a profitable business, and it grew economic earnings, the true cash flows of the business, throughout 2000-2010.'
p4
aS'Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. Drop 12% on Tuesday Motley Fool - Jan 12, 2016 What: Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group , a provider of contact center automation, unified communications, and business process automation software and services, slumped on Tuesday on no company-specific news. At 2:45 p.m. ET&nbsp;...Interactive Intelligence to Announce 2015 Fourth-Quarter Financial Results - Business Wire '
p5
aS'Interactive Intelligence in merger talks with Genesys, sources say Indianapolis Business Journal - Aug 9, 2016 Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., the maker of call-center software, is in early talks to acquire Indianapolis-based competitor Interactive Intelligence Group Inc., people with knowledge of the matter said. Genesys, which received a $900 ...'
p6
aS'Interactive Intelligence shares soar after Reuters report Indianapolis Business Journal - Jul 29, 2016 Shares in Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. jumped nearly 20 percent Friday after Reuters reported that the Indianapolis-based software firm was exploring strategic alternatives, including a potential sale.'
p7
aS'Interactive Intelligence Posts Solid Results As Genesys Buyout Looms Motley Fool - Nov 6, 2016 Dealing with quarterly results is always awkward after a company received a buyout offer, and cloud-computing company Interactive Intelligence  is in that position following the $1.4 billion acquisition offer it received from Genesys in ...'
p8
aS'Merger dance between Interactive Intelligence, suitor started in 2012 Indianapolis Business Journal - Sep 21, 2016 Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. and its soon-to-be acquirer, Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., had been feeling each other out and chewing over offers since 2012, with Genesys pitching escalating buyouts at $38 a share, $47 a share and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Interactive Intelligence Positioned Strong Performer for Workforce Optimisation contact-centres.com - Nov 8, 2016 Interactive Intelligence Group Inc, a global provider of cloud services for customer engagement, communications and collaboration, has been ranked a strong performer by Forrester Research in The Forrester Wave: Workforce Optimisation  Suites, Q3&nbsp;...'
p10
a.