(lp0
S"1 More Problem With Intel Corporation's Mobileye Buy Madison.com - 17 hours ago Chip giant Intel  recently announced that it was going to spend $15.3 billion to buy computer vision specialist Mobileye .Intel, Mobileye, And The Case Of Financial Rationality - Seeking AlphaLook Out NVIDIA, Intel Is Setting Its Sights on the AI Industry - nwitimes.com"
p1
aS"Is Management Really to Blame for Intel Corporation's Woes? Motley Fool - Mar 20, 2017 Last May, fellow Fool Ashraf Eassa argued that it was time to replace Krzanich, due to Intel's disastrous mobile strategy, its delayed transition from 14nm to 10nm chips, and the stock's lackluster performance."
p2
aS'First Product Jointly Developed By Intel Corporation  And Micron ... Journal Transcript - 20 hours ago The memory technology developed jointly by Intel Corporation  and Micron Technology, Inc.  dubbed 3D Xpoint has been launched after being initially announced almost two years ago.'
p3
aS"Intel Corporation Is Losing Focus Motley Fool - Mar 15, 2017 To be clear: Intel is an extremely well-funded company and has room to spend lavishly while still maintaining robust profits.Will Intel Corporation Eventually Build Mobileye's Chips In-House? - Madison.comIntel And Mobileye: Desperation For Growth Or Strategic Masterstroke? - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS"Is Intel Corporation Taking Graphics More Seriously Now? Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 At Intel, he's now director of product architecture within the company's Visual and Parallel Computing Group .How Intel Corporation's Execution Issues Have Helped Qualcomm, Inc. - Bloomington Pantagraph"
p5
aS"Intel Corporation's Three Paths to Double-Digit Data-Center Growth Motley Fool - Mar 15, 2017 The company says that it reduced its long-term forecast for a couple of reasons. Firstly, it significantly lowered its expectations around the enterprise-server processor market."
p6
aS'Jefferies Downgrades Intel Corporation For Chasing New Markets ValueWalk - Mar 14, 2017 Is Intel losing its edge in the data center market? In a surprising development, the chip maker is acquiring Israeli tech company Mobileye, which makes camera sensors and software for driverless cars. The chip maker is set to shell out more than $15 ...Intel Under Selling Pressure After Mobileye Deal - BenzingaAn Accident Prevention System For Intel - Seeking Alpha'
p7
aS'Intel Corporation: Mobileye Buy Is a Step in the Right Direction Investorplace.com - Mar 20, 2017 The latest merger between Mobileye  and Intel  had Wall Street buzzing last week. While MBLY shot up 28% after it was announced that the company will be bought out for $63.54 a share, INTC stock fell 2% and closed below its&nbsp;...Dividend News - Seeking AlphaDigging Up the Facts on Intel Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p8
aS"GE Recognizes Intel for Its Water Reuse Efforts in Oregon Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago GE is honoring Intel Corporation with an Ecomagination Award to celebrate a new water recycling project at Intel's Ronler Acres campus in Hillsboro, Oregon."
p9
aS"Samsung Might Deal Crushing Blow to Intel Corporation's Manufacturing Organization Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 It has routinely asserted superior manufacturing technology density relative to its peers, and last year Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said at the 2016 stockholder meeting that he expected the company to maintain a sizable lead in the performance of its&nbsp;..."
p10
a.