(lp0
S"Inuvo Inc. INUV  Wall Street Journal - Feb 13, 2011 News Inuvo Inc.INUV. No news for INUV in the past two years. Key Stock Data ? P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted ..."
p1
aS"Inuvo: Top Reasons This Stock Should Dive Seeking Alpha - Apr 16, 2015 The CEO tells TheStreetSweeper that INUV board is considering a stock offering now that the stock price is high. The internet company's lifeblood - website traffic - has shown a striking decline for INUV's key properties."
p2
aS'Inuvo: A Small Cap Growth Engine At A Value Price Seeking Alpha - Sep 29, 2016 Inuvo  is an advertising technology and digital publishing company which develops proprietary technology to deliver ads through a network of websites and apps.'
p3
aS"Is Inuvo Inc  growth strong enough to justify its October share price? Simply Wall St - Oct 11, 2016 Growth expectations for Inuvo Inc  are high, but many investors are starting to ask whether yesterday's close at $1.27 can still be rationalized by the future potential."
p4
aS"BRIEF-Inuvo Inc says it's unit and Google entered into a Google services ... Reuters - Feb 27, 2017 BRIEF-Inuvo Inc says it's unit and Google entered into a Google services agreement effective as of March 1. Feb 27 Inuvo Inc. * Inuvo inc- co's unit and google inc. Entered into a google services agreement effective as of march 1, 2017- sec filing ..."
p5
aS"Inuvo: Are SearchLinks' Native Ads Poised To Take Off? Seeking Alpha - May 3, 2016 Inuvo is a way to play the high growth of the native advertising space; its major competitors are private companies. Guidance of a weak Q2 may be the ideal entry point to buy a position as its new native ad product is poised to take off any time now ..."
p6
aS'Inuvo, Inc. Announces Appointments to Board of Directors Marketwired  - Nov 1, 2016 LITTLE ROCK, AR-- - Inuvo, Inc. , an advertising technology and digital publishing company, today announced that the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Gordon Cameron and Mr. Kent Burnett to the Board.'
p7
aS'INUVO, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Market Exclusive - Feb 28, 2017 Inuvo, Inc. is an Internet advertising technology and digital publishing company. The Company delivers content and advertisements over the Internet.'
p8
aS"Inuvo, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $1.36 while finishes with change ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 18, 2017 Inuvo, Inc. , a part of Services sector and belongs to Marketing Services industry; ended its day with no change 0.00% and finalized at the price of $1.36."
p9
aS'Inuvo Buys NetSeer, Expects 4Q Revenue Growth Arkansas Business Online - Feb 7, 2017 Advertising technology and digital publishing company Inuvo Inc. of Little Rock announced Tuesday that it has closed on the acquisition of NetSeer Inc. of Sunnyvale, California, a provider of visual monetization services for advertisers and publishers.'
p10
a.