(lp0
S"Falling Earnings Estimates Signal Weakness Ahead for Impax Laboratories  Yahoo Finance - 18 hours ago One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Impax Laboratories, Inc. IPXL, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current ...Today's Brokerage Rating: The Trade Desk, Inc. , Impax Laboratories, Inc ... - StockNewsJournalThe Impax Laboratories Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from ... - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS'Exclusive: Impax Laboratories taps Morgan Stanley for strategic review - sources Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 Generic drugmaker Impax Laboratories Inc  has asked investment bank Morgan Stanley  to help it conduct a strategic review, as it tries to cope with a tougher drug pricing environment, people familiar with the matter said.Impax Laboratories Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 06 - Equities.comWeatherford International, Impax Laboratories, Cytokinetics Upgraded - Schaeffers Research '
p2
aS'Impax to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 Impax Laboratories, Inc.  is a specialty pharmaceutical company applying its formulation expertise and drug delivery technology to the development of controlled-release and specialty generics in addition to the development of central nervous ...Impax Laboratories, Inc.  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday - Sports PerspectivesImpax Laboratories, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p3
aS'Buckling Under the Trendline, Can This Stock Reverse Course: Impax ... Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Shares of Impax Laboratories, Inc.  have been on a recent steady downtrend, causing some worry for shareholders.'
p4
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Impax Laboratories, Inc., 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017 Impax Laboratories, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p5
aS'Shares in Focus: Impax Laboratories Inc  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Impax Laboratories Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.72. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge stock volatility.'
p6
aS'Impax Laboratories Inc.  Has Dropped To A New Low After Q4 Report Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017  - Impax Laboratories Inc.  reported fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $0.16 Wednesday morning, down from $0.62 in the previous year.Impax Laboratories Inc.  Plunges 14.44% on March 03 - Equities.comImpax Laboratories, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p7
aS'Impax Laboratories Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - Mar 21, 2017 Impax Laboratories logo Impax Laboratories Inc  has earned a consensus recommendation of Hold from the fifteen analysts that are covering the stock.Trading Options During Earnings in Impax Laboratories Inc  - CML NewsTraders Checklist Stock: Impax Laboratories, Inc.  - Is stories'
p8
aS'Impax Laboratories  is Oversold: Can It Recover? March 02, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 2, 2017 Impax Laboratories, Inc.  has been on a bit of a cold streak lately, but there might be light at the end of the tunnel for this overlooked stock.'
p9
aS'Impax Laboratories Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on March 07 Session Equities.com - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Impax Laboratories Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.'
p10
a.