(lp0
S'ATR Check for JAKKS Pacific Inc  Baxter Review - 8 hours ago Active traders have a wide variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. Presently, the 14-day ATR for JAKKS Pacific Inc  is spotted at 0.22. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may assist ...'
p1
aS'Hongkong Meisheng Culture Picked Jakks Pacific Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 17, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Jakks Pacific Inc.  reported that Hongkong Meisheng Culture Co Ltd.JAKKS Pacific  Sells $19.3M of Common Stock to JV Partner Meisheng - StreetInsider.comJAKKS PACIFIC, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS"JAKKS Pacific Inc  Adding Value Over Past Week Business Review - 12 hours ago Shares of JAKKS Pacific Inc  have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 11.76% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p3
aS"Jakks Pacific Said to Suspend Toy Sales to Kmart Wall Street Journal - Oct 20, 2016 Toy maker Jakks Pacific Inc. has suspended sales of its products to Sears Holding Corp.'s Kmart chain over worries about its financial health, according to people familiar with the matter.Has Jakks Pacific Dropped Sears Holdings? Will Other Toy Makers Follow? - TheStreet.com"
p4
aS'Margins improve at JAKKS Pacific despite tough December Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 &quot;Several of our key licensed products, including some tied to motion pictures, experienced surprising sales weakness in December, resulting in sales that were only modestly higher than a year ago,&quot; notes CEO Stephen Berman.JAKKS Pacific Inc.  Soars 12.87% on February 23 - Equities.com'
p5
aS'JAKKS Pacific to Present at the Annual ROTH Conference on March 13th Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 JAKKS Pacific, Inc. , a leading provider of consumer products for kids, will be presenting at the 29th Annual ROTH Capital Partners Conference.Toymaker Jakks Pacific Renews Disney Deal - Los Angeles Business JournalJAKKS Pacific  Renews Disney Consumer Products Agreement in China - StreetInsider.com'
p6
aS"JAKKS Pacific signs licensing dealwith Warner Bros. Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 We're excited that Warner Bros. Consumer Products, with DC Entertainment, have chosen JAKKS to partner on the all-new DC Super Hero Girls franchise, says JAKKS exec Jill Nordquist. The company says the DC Super Hero Girls line will be available at&nbsp;...JAKKS Pacific and Warner Bros. Consumer Products Join Forces on a Global ... - Business Wire "
p7
aS"JAKKS Pacific Launches Cuppatinis Toys, Webisodes and App Business Wire  - Jan 17, 2017 Through JAKKS Cares, the company's commitment to philanthropy, JAKKS is helping to make a positive impact on the lives of children.Jakks Pacific debuts new Cuppatinis toy line - Kidscreen"
p8
aS'JAKKS Pacific Inc.  Plunges 6.25% on February 28 Equities.com - Feb 28, 2017 JAKKS Pacific Inc.  had a rough trading day for Tuesday February 28 as shares tumbled 6.25%, or a loss of $-0.35 per share, to close at $5.25.JAKKS Pacific, Inc.  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from Brokerages - BNB Daily Investors Focused Stock: JAKKS Pacific, Inc.  - Is stories'
p9
aS"Getting JAKKed Up Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 JAKKs Pacific  is a name I have covered only as a side note to its competition over the last few years. In prior work I ... I take this to mean those strong deals the company has in the toy cycle for popular toys aren't selling very well ...Piper Jaffray Cos. Downgrades Jakks Pacific Inc.  to Neutral - Sports Perspectives"
p10
a.