(lp0
S'Ameris Bancorp Signs Definitive Merger Agreement to Acquire Jacksonville ... PR Newswire  - Oct 1, 2015 MOULTRIE, Ga and JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Ameris Bancorp  , the parent company of Ameris Bank, announced today the signing of a definitive merger agreement under which Ameris will acquire&nbsp;...Ameris Bancorp to buy Jacksonville Bancorp - Florida Times-Union'
p1
aS'Jacksonville Bancorp Inc Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.10  BBNS - 7 hours ago Jacksonville Bancorp logo Jacksonville Bancorp Inc  announced a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, March 22nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a dividend of 0.10 per share on Tuesday, April 11th.'
p2
aS'JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles ... Market Exclusive - Feb 22, 2017 JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.'
p3
aS"Joseph Amy '72 is Executive VP &amp; Chief Credit Officer of Jacksonville Bancorp DePauw University - Sep 6, 2014 Joseph W. Amy, a 1972 graduate of DePauw University, has been appointed executive vice president and chief credit officer of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.  and the Jacksonville Bank. &quot;Amy has over 40 years of experience in senior positions&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Ameris Bank completes merger with Jacksonville Bank and parent company Florida Times-Union - Mar 14, 2016 Ameris Bank has completed its merger with the Jacksonville Bank and its parent Jacksonville Bancorp. The full transition of Jacksonville Bank's operating systems and services won't be completed until May, so the bank will operate as a division of ..."
p5
aS"New Jax Bank head: Back to 'good old blocking and tackling banking' Business Journal - Dec 12, 2013 For The Jacksonville Bank, 2013 was a transitional year - and with new leadership coming aboard, the bank is prepared to go on the offensive."
p6
aS"Ameris, Jacksonville Bank fit 'like a hand in glove' Jacksonville Daily Record - Oct 5, 2015 The Ameris-Jacksonville Bancorp deal was the second acquisition of a Jacksonville-based company announced last week."
p7
aS"Jacksonville Bancorp is one of six different investments by CapGen Jacksonville Business Journal  - Jan 9, 2013 CapGen Capital Group has been a big investor in Jacksonville Bancorp Group since 2010 - but it's not the private equity firm's only investment."
p8
aS'Ameris acquires parent company of Jacksonville Bank in significant merger Jacksonville Business Journal  - Oct 1, 2015 Ameris Bancorp is acquiring the parent company of The Jacksonville Bank in a major merger, according to a news release. Ameris Bancorp, which owns Ameris Bank, announced that they were merging with Jacksonville Bancorp Inc. on Thursday. The new&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Jacksonville Bank hires Kendall Spencer as new CEO Business Journal - Dec 10, 2013 Kendall Spencer, an experienced Florida banker with roots in Jacksonville, has been tapped to head Jacksonville Bancorp Inc., the holding company for The Jacksonville Bank. Spencer will start immediately as president and CEO of the holding company&nbsp;...'
p10
a.