(lp0
S'Is JC Penney Company Inc  A Financially Sound Company? Simply Wall St - Mar 21, 2017 Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like J C Penney Company Inc  with its market cap of USD $1,803 Million.Taking a Look at the Data Behind JC Penney Company, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalJC Penney Company, Inc. closed with a change of -3.76% in the Previous Trading ... - Free Observer'
p1
aS"The full list of 138 JC Penney stores closing around the US The Boston Globe - Mar 17, 2017 SOURCE: J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Related. The full list of Macy's store closings. Matt Rocheleau can be reached at matthew.Sequim JC Penney's doors to stay open - Peninsula Daily NewsJC Penney to close downtown Pendleton store - East Oregonian "
p2
aS'JC Penney Company Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - 13 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for J. C. Penney Company Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.'
p3
aS"Better Buy: JC Penney Company Inc vs. Kohl's Corporation Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 While Kohl's is in a stronger position than J.C. Penney as the company has been consistently profitable, Kohl's is still facing the same headwinds.JC Penney  Tops Q4 Earnings, Unveils Strategic Plans - Zacks.comMonday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc.  and JC Penney ... - Investorplace.com"
p4
aS'JC Penney: Grinding Out Value Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Comparable store sales were flat in 2016 and guidance is currently for more of the same in 2017. J.C. Penney can add value to its shares through maintaining near $1 billion EBITDA and reducing debt by a couple hundred million per year.JC Penney launching Home Services to capitalize on housing market, lower ... - MarketWatchJC Penney Company Inc  Unveils Home Services Expansion Plan - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS"JC Penney Company, Inc. Earnings: A Return to Profitability  Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Yet while comp sales ultimately came in well below the company's original forecast of a 3% to 4% annual increase, J.C. Penney still managed to reach some of its other financial goals in 2016. Most notably, it earned a full-year profit. Cost cuts are ...JC Penney Company Inc  Continues To Struggle - Smarter AnalystJC Penney: Trying To Sell Its Turnaround Story - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for JC Penney Company, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on J. C. Penney Company, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p7
aS"Short JC Penney Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 J.C. Penney still manages to generate a tremendous amount of revenue. But retail is a low margin business, and the company's meager EBITDA better reflects its value. J.C. Penney is still expensive on the EV/EBITDA metric, and this is because of its ..."
p8
aS'Why Frontier Communications Corp , JC Penney Company Inc  and United ... Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 With a key interest rate decision from the Federal Reserve only two days away, traders were content to do very little to get the new trading week going.'
p9
aS'Seven JCPenney stores to close in Michigan UpNorthLive.com - Mar 17, 2017 &quot;As a part of a continuing effort to advance sustainable growth and long-term profitability, J.C. Penney Company, Inc. will be closing 138 stores, one supply chain facility in Lakeland, Fla., and relocating one supply chain facility in Buena Park ...'
p10
a.