(lp0
S"Active Runner in Focus: Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd  Buckeye Business Review - Mar 20, 2017 Now let's take a look at how the fundamentals are stacking up for Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd . Fundamental analysis takes into consideration market, industry and stock conditions to help determine if the shares are correctly valued."
p1
aS"Most Volatile Stock of Thursday: Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd.'s (JCTCF ... WsNews 4investors - Feb 10, 2017 Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd.'s  stock price escalated 1.63% to finalize at $12.45 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p2
aS'Jewett-Cameron Trading Company  CEO Donald M. Boone Sells 2090 Shares ... Sports Perspectives - Jan 5, 2017 Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd. is a holding company for JC USA Inc The Company has four segments: Industrial wood products; Lawn, garden, pet and other; Seed processing and sales, and Industrial tools and clamps.Nano-Cap Gem Jewett Cameron Flying Under The Radar - ValueWalk'
p3
aS'Donald M. Boone Sold 2090 Shares of Jewett-Cameron Trading Company  Stock Petro Global News 24 - Jan 4, 2017 Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd. is a holding company for JC USA Inc The Company has four segments: Industrial wood products; Lawn, garden, pet and other; Seed processing and sales, and Industrial tools and clamps.'
p4
aS'Jewett-Cameron Trading Company: An Underrated, Highly Overlooked Company ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2016 Jewett-Cameron Trading Company  is a ~$24mm dollar company , with a strong balance sheet , history of predictable and recurring FCF, trading at a decent&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'BRIEF-Jewett-Cameron announces changes to management and the Board Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 BRIEF-Jewett-Cameron announces changes to management and the Board. Feb 8 Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd : * Jewett-Cameron announces changes to management and the board of directors.'
p6
aS'Top Gainers Today: Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. , Kura Oncology ... Property Mentor - Jul 15, 2016 Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and distributes specialty metal products, and distributes wood products to home centers and other retailers primarily in the United States.'
p7
aS'Friday Biggest Gainers: Ocean Power Technologies , ZAIS Group ... Gaining Green    - Jul 15, 2016 Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd. , in the Industrial Goods sector, is showing 19.54% gains. The price at time of writing is 13.40 with a volume of 99,998.'
p8
aS"Privatizations: Unlocking Private Market Value Discounts Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2016 I previously wrote about using Mario Gabelli's private market value concept as a tool to discover stocks trading for significantly less what informed buyers in the private market will pay to own similar businesses and assets."
p9
aS'News Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc.LL Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 For companies with multiple common share classes, market capitalization includes both classes. Shares Outstanding: Number of ... Restricted stock typically is that issued to company insiders with limits on when it may be traded. Dividend Yield: A ...'
p10
a.