(lp0
S"Krispy Kreme Doughnuts to open outlet at Gracechurch Centre in Sutton Coldfield Sutton Coldfield Observer - Mar 7, 2017 Krispy Kreme, known for its array of doughnut flavours, will be opening at the town's Gracechurch Centre next week, with a kiosk next to the shopping venue's information desk.Krispy Kreme is launching a special Mother's Day box of doughnuts - MetroKrispy Kreme to open Sutton Coldfield store and here's how to get free doughnuts - Birmingham Mail"
p1
aS"Krispy Kreme's Angel Grove store threatened in augmented reality Power Rangers ... The Drum - 17 hours ago We have teamed up with Lionsgate to promote the Power Rangers film in a way that allows fans to experience Krispy Kreme in a totally new, unexpected way, said Jackie Woodward, chief marketing officer of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. The virtual opening of&nbsp;...Power Rangers movie review: What's with all the Krispy Kremes? - Digital Spy80 and still loved | SunStar - Sun.Star"
p2
aS'The raspberry filling in your Krispy Kreme doughnut might not actually be ... Metro - Nov 15, 2016 And the strawberries in your strawberries &amp; kreme doughnut might not actually be strawberries. Noticing a pattern yet? An awful, deeply upsetting pattern?Krispy Kreme Has Been Lying To Us, Lawsuit Claims - BuzzFeed NewsKrispy Kreme sued over false advertising of fruit, maple doughnut ingredients - Fox News'
p3
aS"Krispy Kreme Doughnuts bought by coffee giant for $1.32bn The Independent - May 9, 2016 Among JAB's most recent acquisitions are coffee companies like Peet's Coffee &amp; Tea, Stumptown Coffee Roasters, and the mainstay of single-serve office coffee, Keurig Green Mountain.Donut with your coffee? Krispy Kreme sold to Keurig and Stumptown owner - The Guardian"
p4
aS"Here's how to get free Krispy Kreme doughnuts in January Manchester Evening News - Jan 5, 2017 From Monday January 9 until Tuesday January 31, the company are giving away a FREE box of twelve Original Glazed Krispy Kreme doughnuts with every box of twelve assorted doughnuts bought. The deal is available in store and via click and collect online&nbsp;...Don't miss out on free doughnuts at Krispy Kreme this month - Bath ChronicleHow to get 12 free Krispy Kreme doughnuts this month - Liverpool Echo"
p5
aS"Krispy Kreme Is Selling Green Doughnuts for St. Patrick's Day Fortune - Mar 17, 2017 The North Carolina-based doughnut-maker and coffeehouse is commemorating the occasion with a dash of green. All of the chain's original glazed doughnuts are now &quot;O'riginal&quot; and will be colored with green icing for the holiday. And don't worry - there ...Green Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Are Not Kale - American Council on Science and Health"
p6
aS'Krispy Kreme customers shocked when giant RAT leaps through car park with a ... The Sun - Nov 29, 2016 The video, which was taken on her mobile phone, shows the rat speed under a Krispy Kreme bin. It is then seen leaping across the car park again and again with the doughnut in its mouth. Emma said: &quot;It had to jump because the doughnut was that big. It ...'
p7
aS"How to get free Krispy Kreme doughnuts in Stoke-on-Trent Stoke Sentinel - Jan 11, 2017 Sweet treat purveyors Krispy Kreme have started dishing out deals this month and you could get your hands on free tasty treats!Long Lines, Big Appetites and a Sweet Story Mark Krispy Kreme's Homewood Debut - Patch.comKrispy Kreme set to release new Sweet America range of doughnuts in Japan - RocketNews24"
p8
aS"Get free Krispy Kreme donuts this January Essex Live - Jan 9, 2017 We could all do with a treat in dull old January and now you can get a sugar hit in Essex. Well, the kind people at Krispy Kreme have come up with an offer you can't refuse. Every customer is entitled to a free box of 12 original glazed donuts when you ...How to get FREE Krispy Kreme doughnuts in Birmingham - Birmingham MailKrispy Kreme offering FREE doughnuts this January - and here's how to get them - Coventry Telegraph"
p9
aS"ECJ confirms that there is no likelihood of confusion between KRISPY KREME ... World Trademark Review   - 21 hours ago In Panrico SA v European Union Intellectual Property Office  , the Court of Justice of the European Union  has confirmed the General Court's decision of October 7 2015  holding that there was no&nbsp;..."
p10
a.