(lp0
S"Multi-Color Corp: Labels Are A Good Niche For Many Years Of Roll-Ups Seeking Alpha  - Oct 8, 2014 Multi-Color Corp  is one of the world's largest manufacturers of &quot;high quality pressure sensitive, in-mold and heat transfer labels, and a major manufacturer of glue-applied an shrink sleeve labels."
p1
aS'What is the intrinsic value of Multi-Color Corporation  Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 In this article I am going to calculate the intrinsic value of Multi-Color  by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p2
aS"Multi-Color Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 10, 2017 Multi-Color Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.05 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 01, 2017.KeyCorp Reiterates Sell Rating for Multi-Color Corporation  - The Cerbat GemBrokers Set Expectations for Multi-Color Corporation's Q4 2017 Earnings  - Sports Perspectives"
p3
aS'Shares Continuing to Trade Below Moving Averages: Multi-Color Corporation ... Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Multi-Color Corporation  shares have experienced a recent steady downtrend, causing some concern for shareholders.'
p4
aS'Trading Scope: Checking on Shares of Multi-Color Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 15 hours ago Multi-Color Corporation  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.02210. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p5
aS"Multi-Color Corp. LABL  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p6
aS'Multi-Color Corp.  Updates on Recent Acquisitions, Start-Ups StreetInsider.com - May 4, 2015 Multi-Color Corp.  is pleased to announce the following acquisitions and start up. France Wine and Spirit Labels.'
p7
aS"Multi-Color Corporation Invests $13 Million To Expand Its Scottsburg, Indiana ... Area Development Online - Jan 30, 2015 Indiana and the city of Scottsburg have always been strategic partners of Multi-Color's, said Lesha Spahr, Global Vice President of Human Resources at Multi-Color. Our continued investment in our Scottsburg facility is a result of our committed ...Multi-Color expands operations in Scottsburg - Louisville Business FirstLabel maker to add 150 jobs in Scott County - The Courier-Journal"
p8
aS'Report: Multi-Color Corp in Greensboro to close, layoff 66 Greensboro News & Record - Oct 8, 2015 Ohio-based Multi-Color Corp. intends to cut 66 jobs and close its label-production facility at 1006 Norwalk St., in Greensboro, the Triad Business Journal reported.Ohio labeling firm to lay off 66, close Greensboro facility - Triad Business Journal'
p9
aS"One of Cincinnati's largest public companies names new CEO Cincinnati Business Courier - Nov 10, 2015 One of Cincinnati's largest public companies will have a new chief executive at the beginning of next year as the current CEO transitions to lead the company's board.Cincinnati public company names new CEO - Cincinnati.com"
p10
a.