(lp0
S'Lancaster Colony Corporation Names David A. Ciesinski President; Bruce L. Rosa ... PR Newswire  - Apr 19, 2016 COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Lancaster Colony Corporation   has announced that Bruce L. Rosa, President of T. Marzetti Company (&quot;T.'
p1
aS'Lancaster Colony Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Lancaster Colony Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.68% to close at $133.19.Federated Investors Inc. PA Reduces Stake in Lancaster Colony Corp.  - Sports PerspectivesNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Lancaster Colony Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS'Lancaster Colony Corporation  Ducks Under The Trend Line Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Lancaster Colony Corporation  shares have experienced a recent steady downtrend, causing some concern for shareholders.Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Sells 7990 Shares of Lancaster Colony Corp ... - Chaffey BreezeState Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Cuts Position in ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'Lancaster Colony Acquires Flatout Holdings, Inc. PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2015 COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Lancaster Colony Corporation  announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, T. Marzetti Company, has acquired Flatout Holdings, Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of premium&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Lancaster Colony: Shares Are Beyond Ripe Seeking Alpha - Sep 29, 2016 Lancaster Colony Corporation is a dividend king that attracts many dividend investors because it has paid a dividend each year since 1963.'
p5
aS'Lancaster Colony Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 Equities.com - Feb 28, 2017 Lancaster Colony Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 28, as the stock lost 1.29% to close at $131.80.PHOTOS: Lancaster Colony consolidates at new Polaris-area HQ - Columbus Business FirstShould income investors buy Lancaster Colony Corporation  before its ex ... - Simply Wall St'
p6
aS'Lancaster Colony sells Candle-lite brand in bid to focus on food products Business First of Columbus - Jan 30, 2014 We are pleased to reach a successful conclusion of the sales process for the candle operations as the divestiture is consistent with our long-term objective to concentrate our future effort and investment in the food sector, Lancaster Colony CEO John ...Affiliate of Centre Lane Partners, LLC Completes Acquisition of Lancaster ... - GlobeNewswire '
p7
aS"The Short Case For Lancaster Colony Corporation Seeking Alpha - Sep 24, 2015 While Lancaster Colony has had strong performance, its price ratios don't match its historical ratios. Lancaster Colony's stock price is not fairly priced. The stock would have to fall significantly, or the company would have to grow much faster, in ..."
p8
aS'Lancaster Colony Corporation To Name Douglas A. Fell As Chief Financial ... PR Newswire  - Jun 19, 2014 COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 19, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Lancaster Colony Corporation   has announced that John L. Boylan, Treasurer, Vice President, Assistant Secretary and Chief Financial Officer , has notified the&nbsp;...Lancaster Colony Names Douglas Fell CFO As John Boylan To Retire - RTT NewsLancaster Colony CFO John Boylan retiring - Columbus Business First'
p9
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Lancaster Colony Corporation Implied ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Lancaster Colony Corporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p10
a.