(lp0
S'Soft commodity ETFs surge as coffee and sugar prices jump 20% ETF Strategy - Oct 5, 2016 Fund provider ETF Securities also has 2x leveraged and 3x leveraged ETPs on the London Stock Exchange under respective tickers LCFE and 3CFL.'
p1
aS"Seize ETF Tools To Position Your Portfolio For Any Election Outcome Investor's Business Daily - Oct 14, 2016 So say strategists at top firms that help investors profit with ETFs and manage portfolio risk. Maxwell Gold of ETF Securities makes a case for investing in gold in an election year where both presidential candidates have taken populist stances. Simeon ..."
p2
aS'Horizons ETFs Announces Name Changes for Certain ETFs Canada NewsWire  - Dec 22, 2016 Other than Horizons BetaPro S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Bull Plus ETF  and Horizons BetaPro S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Bear Plus ETF , the investment objectives and strategies of the ETFs will not change. The changes to ... BetaPro Gold Bullion 2x ...'
p3
aS"Palladium Notches Strong November As Others Metals Struggle Barron's  - Nov 30, 2016 Although peers have struggled , palladium has had a strong November, writes Maxwell Gold, director of investment strategy at ETF Securities, which manages the ETFS Physical Palladium Shares ETF ."
p4
aS"China launches renminbi-denominated gold benchmark Financial Times - Apr 19, 2016 The world's largest gold consumer began a twice-daily auction on the Shanghai Gold Exchange on Tuesday. The renminbi-denominated Shanghai Gold Benchmark Price involved 18 banks, including international banks Standard Chartered Bank and&nbsp;...China starts fixing gold price twice a day in an attempt to establish regional ... - Economic Times"
p5
aS"This Week's ETF Launches: Following Smart Money, Going Global &amp; Taking a Bite ETFdb.com - Nov 16, 2016 The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF  will follow smart money, literally. The ETF will invest in stocks that hedge funds, institutional investors and other gurus own."
p6
aS"How do jewellers capture every last particle of gold dust? Financial Times - Jan 16, 2017 Part of Mr Williams' job is to educate jewellers on the financial rewards of hoarding every waste-attracting object and sending the haul - known as a sweep - to a refiner to be melted down and the precious metals reclaimed. ... Mr Brittain has ..."
p7
aS"Research Affiliates: Where's The Beef? 'Lies, Damned Lies, And Statistics' ETF.com - May 4, 2016 Well, maybe not. Surveys suggest that the average American's daily experience may be quite different. .... Why plow funds into long-term risky business ventures when low-risk  stock is available for buybacks and can be ..."
p8
aS'Gold ETF Rally Faces Key Hurdle With Brexit Nasdaq - Jun 21, 2016 The top-performing ETFs so far this year and the funds that have seen strongest new inflows have all been tied at the hip to gold.'
p9
aS'The investment trusts I have been buying and selling Money Observer - Jan 26, 2017 As well as topping up on physical gold in December, I placed a shorter-term bet on gold-mining companies via the VanEck Vectors Gold Miners A Shares ETF. I am already considering taking some profits and leaving the original outlay invested, as it is up ...'
p10
a.