(lp0
S'Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Lionbridge Technologies, Inc ... Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Lionbridge Technologies logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.  Mean Price Target At $6.38 - Equities Focus'
p1
aS'Lionbridge acquires video game services company Exequo Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 Lionbridge Games Services and Exequo together, provide an integrated, global-scale solution that enables games studios and platform holders to deliver a high quality, engaging, personalized game experience across channels, platforms and languages.'
p2
aS'Lionbridge Announces Stockholder Approval and Closing of Acquisition by HIG ... PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. , the market leader in translation and digital content services, today announced the stockholder approval and closing of the previously announced acquisition of Lionbridge by an ...Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.  Short Interest Down 36.5% in December - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.  CEO Rory Cowan on Q2 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 5, 2016 Welcome to the Lionbridge investor call to discuss financial results for the second quarter of 2016. During this call, we may make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws, which involve ...'
p4
aS'Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.  CEO Rory Cowan on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 8, 2016 Welcome to the Lionbridge investor call to discuss financial results for the third quarter 2016. During this call, we may make certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws and which involve ...'
p5
aS'What are Research Firms Saying About Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - Mar 21, 2017 Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company. Presently, covering analysts are anticipating Lionbridge Technologies,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Lionbridge's GeoFluent Real-Time Translation Solution Now Available on ... PR Newswire  - Nov 30, 2016 WALTHAM, Mass., Nov. 30, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.  today announced that its GeoFluent real-time translation solution is now available on the Microsoft Azure cloud platform to support its global clients."
p7
aS'Lionbridge Enhances inRiver Product Information Management Connector to Fully ... PR Newswire  - 17 hours ago WALTHAM, Mass., March 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. today announced updates to the Lionbridge connector for the inRiver product information management  platform.'
p8
aS'Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.  by an ... Yahoo Finance - Dec 12, 2016 Shareholder rights attorneys at Robbins Arroyo LLP are investigating the proposed acquisition of Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.  by an affiliate of H.I.G. Capital, LLC . On December 12, 2016, the two companies announced the signing of a&nbsp;...Waltham-based Lionbridge will be taken private in $360M deal - Boston Business Journal'
p9
aS"Lionbridge Tech: Glen Capital Unlikely Activist Seeking Alpha - Dec 1, 2015 Lionbridge Technologies  is a special case of sorts, where we don't have a conventional activist involved."
p10
a.