(lp0
S"Mark Webber: This is what Liberty Media must NOT do to Formula One - EXCLUSIVE Express.co.uk - 16 hours ago And while the legendary supremo has been shifted sideways, Liberty's new F1 CEO Chase Carey is also understood to be keen on expanding the season further.Bernie Ecclestone takes shots at Formula One's new owners - GiveMeSportNBC broadcaster Leigh Diffey: F1 will be fast, tough and mind-blowing - Autoweek"
p1
aS"Ferrari gives up F1 stake in exchange for Liberty Media stock The Guardian - Mar 10, 2017 Ferrari has traded its entire stake in Formula One for an interest in the racing franchise's new owner, Liberty Media. The Italian luxury car company revealed in a regulatory filing that it sold its 0.25% stake in the top-ranked single-seat auto race ...Formula One makes commercial appointments - ReutersQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Liberty Media Co.  Series A Liberty Formula One ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"Reasons to be cheerful as Liberty Media era dawns in Formula One The Conversation UK - Mar 21, 2017 If its recent history is any guide, Liberty Media, the group which now owns F1, should have the ability, experience and resources to revitalise the sport, and deliver on promises they've made.Unclear if more teams will buy F1 says Lauda - GrandPrix"
p3
aS'Liberty Media owner on track for more motorsport acquisitions Telegraph.co.uk - Mar 12, 2017 Liberty Media, the Nasdaq-listed investment company which owns Formula One, has revealed that it is considering buying a complementary motor sport to boost its returns.Liberty Media considers more F1 engine changes, return to traditional venues - AutoweekLiberty Media seeking other motor sport series? - pitpass.com'
p4
aS'How Liberty Media can attract more fans to Formula 1 crash.net - Mar 16, 2017 There is a definite sense of excitement surrounding Formula 1 in 2017, and not just because of the new-style cars and the battle for another world championship.'
p5
aS"Grand Prix Boss 'Reviewing' $400 Million F1 Contract With Liberty Media Forbes - Mar 16, 2017 The organiser of the Grand Prix in the oil-rich nation of Azerbaijan has revealed that he is considering his options under his contract with Liberty Media Corporation after its chief executive Greg Maffei launched an unprovoked assault on the event ...Formula One: Baku F1 promoter slams 'ignorant' Liberty criticism - The Straits Times"
p6
aS"Liberty Media boss criticises NBC's Formula One TV rights deal and vows to ... The Drum - Mar 8, 2017 Liberty Media boss, Greg Maffei, has criticised the 'lowly sums' paid by US broadcasters such as NBC for the US TV rights to Formula One and indicated that it will look for a significant boost when the current deal expires at the end of 2017. The chief ...Liberty Media CEO Dismisses NBC Formula One Fee As A 'Popcorn Fart' - ForbesLiberty Media CEO Says He's Not Done Acquiring Assets - Hollywood Reporter"
p7
aS"Liberty Media Corporation to Hold Annual Meeting of Stockholders Business Wire  - 10 hours ago The businesses and assets attributed to the Formula One Group  consist of all of Liberty Media's businesses and assets other than those attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Braves Group, including Formula 1, Liberty&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Formula 1 gossip: Bottas, Wolff, Ferrari, Red Bull, Boullier BBC Sport - Feb 27, 2017 Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas says the new regulations for 2017 could make the cars trickier to drive in windy conditions. .'
p9
aS"&quot;Outdated&quot; Formula One has been left behind by other sports and needs to be ... City A.M. - Feb 22, 2017 Three-time world champion Lewis Hamilton has called on Formula One's new owners to drag the sport into the 21st century, warning there is a lot of catching up to do.Lewis Hamilton: Liberty Media Must Re-Energize Formula One - NewsweekLewis Hamilton Says F1 Must Embrace Social Media - News18"
p10
a.