(lp0
S'Is Lumos Networks Corp  A Financially Sound Company? Simply Wall St - 10 hours ago Lumos Networks Corp  is a small-cap-stock with a market capitalization of USD $415 Million. While investors primarily focus on the growth potential and competitive landscape of the small-cap companies, they end up ignoring a key aspect,&nbsp;...The Fmr LLC Has $49476000 Position in Lumos Networks Corp  - Petro Global News 24Lumos Networks Corp.  Stock ABR At 3 - Markets Daily'
p1
aS"BRIEF-Lumos Networks Corp files for non-timely 10-K Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Looking for a Top Momentum Stock? 3 Reasons Why Lumos Networks  is a ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 This method discovered several great candidates for momentum-oriented investors, but today let's focus in on Lumos Networks Corp. LMOS as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous ways in which this company&nbsp;...Current Update on Price Fluctuations: Lumos Networks Corp.  - Is storiesiKang Healthcare Group   Reaches $14.93 After 6.00% Up Move; Lumos ... - HuronReport"
p3
aS'Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Lumos Networks Corp. PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harwood Feffer LLP  is investigating potential claims against the board of directors of Lumos Networks Corp.   concerning the proposed acquisition of&nbsp;...WEISSLAW LLP: Lumos Networks Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best ... - Yahoo FinanceLumos Networks Corp. - StreetInsider.com'
p4
aS'LUMOS NETWORKS CORP. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of Lumos Networks Corp.   concerning the sale to EQT Infrastructure. Under the terms of the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Upcoming/New CFIUS Filing: Affiliates of EQT Infrastructure and Lumos Networks ... The National Law Review - Feb 26, 2017 On February 20, 2017, Lumos Networks Corp., a leading fiber-based service provider in the Mid-Atlantic region, announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by an investment fund affiliated with EQT Infrastructure, a Swedish ...'
p6
aS'CORRECTING and REPLACING Lumos Networks Corp. Reports Full Year 2016 Results Business Wire  - Mar 7, 2017 Contribution Margin is net income or loss attributable to Lumos Networks Corp. before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, accretion of asset retirement obligations, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, other (income ...Lumos Networks Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 06 - Equities.comLumos Networks Corp.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p7
aS"Lumos Networks Suspends Fourth Quarter of 2016 Earnings Call Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Lumos Networks Corp.  Lumos Networks will issue a press release announcing its fourth quarter operating and financial results at approximately 8 a.m.Have investors already priced in Lumos Networks Corp's  growth? - Simply Wall StWhich Analysts Are Watching Lumos Networks Corp. ? - Fiscal Standard"
p8
aS'Lumos Networks Closes on the Acquisition of DC74 Data Centers Business Wire  - Feb 1, 2017 BUSINESS WIRE)--Lumos Networks Corp.  , a leading fiber-based service provider in the mid-Atlantic region, announced today that it has simultaneously signed and closed a transaction to acquire Charlotte, North Carolina ...'
p9
aS'Lumos Networks: Strong Execution And Accretive Acquisition Continues To Drive ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 Data segment is growing at a healthy pace, with the benefits of scale and lower CapEx spending allowing margins to expand. Legacy revenue has declined slower than anticipated and continues to generate strong free cash flow.'
p10
a.