(lp0
S'Corp Hosts Local Entrepreneurs Georgetown University The Hoya - Mar 15, 2017 To introduce Georgetown students to the intersection between food and entrepreneurship, Students of Georgetown, Inc. hosted Greg Menna and Jesse Konig, respective founders of local businesses District Donut and Swizzler, for the second installment of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Local Government Corp. OKs retail deal, pushes back baseball Amarillo.com - Feb 23, 2017 The Amarillo Local Government Corp. finalized a management agreement Wednesday with local real estate broker and developer Bob Garrett.'
p2
aS'Corporation Commission quashes bid to get APS donation records Arizona Daily Sun - Mar 14, 2017 Officially the vote of the Arizona Corporation Commission was to cut off the funds for the outside attorney they had previously authorized Bob Burns to hire.'
p3
aS'Shoppers worry about fate of local Kmart, Sears KESQ - 4 hours ago Sears Holding Corp., which also owns Kmart, said on Tuesday that the two major retailers might not be able to stay in business.'
p4
aS"Councilman suggests hiring full-time director for Development Corp. Wahpeton Daily News - Mar 16, 2017 Wahpeton, in its goal to create more effective economic development, could bring all the relevant parties - the city council, the Community Development Corporation, etc. - together and clearly define each one's roles, responsibilities and lanes for ..."
p5
aS"Sears has &quot;substantial doubt&quot; about its future WPSD Local 6 - 19 hours ago According to a regulatory filing late Tuesday, Sears Holdings Corp. lost more than $2 billion last year. Adjusted for one-time charges, its loss was $887 million.Sears, once a stalwart, has &quot;substantial doubt&quot; about future - Lincoln Journal StarSears has 'substantial doubt' about its future - Glens Falls Post-Star"
p6
aS"Gatineau marijuana producer Hydropothecary makes TSX-V debut Ottawa Business Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Mark Holleron. Hydropothecary's Adam Miron, Ed Chaplin, and Sebastien St-Louis. The Hydropothecary Corp., which is licensed by Health Canada to produce and distribute medical marijuana, will trade under the symbol THCX following a reverse takeover."
p7
aS"Help this B Corp-certified florist grow her local impact in East Falls Generocity - Mar 8, 2017 As the world's first florist to be licensed as a B Corp, Falls Flowers knows a thing or two about sustainability and it's something Chang tries to be transparent as possible about when talking with her customers and clients."
p8
aS"AKWA IBOM CORP MEMBER DONATES BOREHOLE, DESKS TO COMMUNITY The Killer Punch News   - 5 hours ago I'm not surprised that our Corp Members are beginning to make impact in Akwa Ibom State. Yesterday, I was at Ikot Ekpene Local Government to commission projects executed by Corp members. Today, I will also be heading to a community in Itu Local&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Phaseout of 3 vehicle models threatens thousands of workers Inquirer.net - 15 hours ago Isuzu Philippines Corp.  and Mitsubishi Motors Philippines Corp.  are scheduled to stop the assembly of some car models later this year, in preparation for a government mandate to have more environment-friendly vehicles on the road by 2018 ...'
p10
a.