(lp0
S"Why Louisiana-Pacific Corporation's Shares Rose 10% Today Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Shares of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  rose as much as 10.4% in trading Thursday after the building products company reported fourth-quarter earnings yesterday.Why Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  Delivered An Inferior ROE Compared To ... - Simply Wall StLouisiana-Pacific  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Earnings Clues on SCANA Corporation , Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 20, 2017 Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 7.57, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  - Fiscal StandardAnalysts' Recommendations Stocks Traders Alert: Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ ... - Daily News Journal"
p2
aS'Long Term Growth Stock in Review: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 7 hours ago Shaers of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  have been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research.'
p3
aS"Analyst Advice And Earnings Insight: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX ... Post Analyst - 17 hours ago Louisiana-Pacific Corporation has a consensus hold rating from 10 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 1.84% of shares outstanding.What are Analyst's Indicators for Trinity Industries, Inc. , Louisiana ... - The USA CommerceMean Rating Of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  At $1.83 - RealistInvestor.com"
p4
aS'5 Reasons You Should Buy Louisiana-Pacific  Stock Now Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Picking stocks from the vast galaxy of investments is a tall order, especially given the recent developments in the U.S. economy. Despite concerns related to a probable rate hike at the March Fed meeting, adding construction stock Louisiana-Pacific&nbsp;...107 hedge funds sold their entire positions in Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  - Post AnalystWhy Investors remained confident on Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , Juno ... - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation Implied ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p6
aS'Louisiana-Pacific Corporation : Getting Technical With The Stock USA Commerce Daily - 20 hours ago With all other things going on, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  has been on a run - rising 23.77 percent in just three months.'
p7
aS'Price Alert: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Price Alert: Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p8
aS"Analytical Guide for Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , HollyFrontier ... The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  surged 0.76% to $23.81. During the trading on 03/10/2017, Company's stock ranged from $23.73 to $24.31.Performance of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  Compared to Index - Highland MirrorBeta Analysis: Louisiana-Pacific Corp.  - The Oracle Examiner"
p9
aS"Looking at the Tea Leaves for Louisiana-Pacific Corporation  The USA Commerce - Feb 22, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Louisiana-Pacific Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.