(lp0
S"Embrace Lululemon Athletica Inc.  Stock's Volatility Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 Rather than run away from Lululemon stock because it is so volatile, learn to embrace this volatility for your own gains. In mid-February, technical analysis guru Tyler Craig provided InvestorPlace readers with an options trade that would generate a ...The Lululemon Athletica inc.  PT Set at $80.00 by Royal Bank of Canada - Petro Global News 24lululemon athletica inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.com"
p1
aS"Better Buy: Lululemon Athletica Inc. vs. Nike Inc Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 Nike  and lululemon athletica  are both serving the healthy lifestyle megatrend, and both have very strong brands.Lululemon Athletica inc.  Upgraded at Vetr Inc. - The Cerbat GemTextile Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Michael Kors, Lululemon Athletica, Under ... - PR Newswire "
p2
aS'Lululemon Athletica: Waiting For It To Go On Sale Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Even with that, keep your cash on hand and wait for the right entry point. This company is a perfect example of why risk assessment analysis is so important.Lululemon Athletica Inc.  Stock: Love on a Battlefield - Investorplace.comConsensus Earnings Estimate for lululemon athletica inc. - Energy Index'
p3
aS"How to Trade Lululemon Athletica inc.  Stock After Earnings Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 When you are competing in an athletic apparel market rife with the likes of Nike Inc , adidas AG   and Under Armour Inc , it's easy to get lost in the shuffle. Known mostly for it's women's yoga apparel,&nbsp;...lululemon athletica inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comMKM Partners Reiterates Buy Rating and $90 PT on Lululemon Athletica (LULU ... - StreetInsider.com"
p4
aS'Lululemon Athletica Inc : Poised for Long-Term Success? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 What can investors expect from Lululemon Athletica Inc  in the future? Are you considering investing? Then keep reading.'
p5
aS"Sport Chek Takes on Lululemon Athletica Inc. The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 3, 2017 Look out Calgary; Sport Chek is coming to the Chinook Centre - a move that's signaling it may be trying to capture market share from Lululemon Athletica Inc . Sport Chek parent Canadian Tire Corporation Limited  had a very&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'First Week of May 19th Options Trading For lululemon athletica  Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Investors in lululemon athletica inc  saw new options become available this week, for the May 19th expiration.'
p7
aS'Lululemon Athletica Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Lululemon Athletica Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.Lululemon Athletica inc.  Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeLululemon Athletica Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Macquarie still negative on Lululemon Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Macquarie takes some digs at Lululemon  in a fresh note backing its Underperform rating and lowly $44 price target.'
p9
aS'Lululemon: Yes, This Stock Is A Lemon Seeking Alpha - Feb 26, 2017 In my view, investors have many great options available to them other than Lululemon Athletica  - see our articles on JNJ, VZ, and ABBV.lululemon athletica inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 24 - Equities.com'
p10
a.