(lp0
S'Why Lexmark International Inc. Shares Jumped Motley Fool - Apr 20, 2016 What: Shares of world leader in printing, imaging, and data solutions company Lexmark , jumped as much as 10.4% on Tuesday.Lexmark agrees to be acquired by Apex Technology and PAG Asia Capital - PR Newswire Lexmark to Be Bought by Apex, PAG Asia in $3.6 Billion Deal - Bloomberg'
p1
aS'Lexmark International Inc. Stock Jumps as Buyout Looks Close Motley Fool - Sep 30, 2016 Shares of printing, imaging, and data solutions company Lexmark International  jumped as much as 13.9% on Friday, after a pending acquisition of the company, by a consortium of buyers led by Apex Technology and PAG Asia Capital, took a key&nbsp;...Lexmark International  Stock Rockets After CFIU Approves Takeover by Apex - InvestorGuideLexmark  Gets CFIUS Approval for Apex Tech Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'Lexmark International is Oversold Forbes - Jul 14, 2016 But making Lexmark International, Inc. an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Tuesday, shares of LXK entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $34.41 per share.'
p3
aS"BREAKING: Lexmark sale complete; CEO Rooke replaced www.smileypete.com - Nov 29, 2016 Lexmark International Inc., the Lexington-based maker of printers and management software, announced Tuesday it had completed its sale to China-based Apex Technology and that its CEO of six years, Paul Rooke, is being replaced.Fitch Downgrades Lexmark to 'BB' on Acquisition Close; Outlook Negative - Business Wire "
p4
aS'LEXMARK INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Nov 29, 2016 Lexmark International, Inc. is a developer, manufacturer and supplier of printing, imaging, device management, managed print services , document workflow, and business process and content management solutions.'
p5
aS'Lexmark Quarterly Business Roundup PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2016 Lexmark Budapest received the Corporate Social Responsibility award in the Sustainable Large Company category, which recognizes the most prominent responsible and sustainable initiatives, products, services and projects of companies operating in&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Lexmark International, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for August 31, 2016 Nasdaq - Aug 30, 2016 Lexmark International, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on August 31, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.36 per share is scheduled to be paid on September 16, 2016.'
p7
aS'Printer makers are fighting to make it illegal for you to refill their ... Financial Post - 18 hours ago By This week, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments in a patent dispute, Impression Products Inc. v. Lexmark International Inc. Unlike most patent cases, this one directly affects the daily lives of nearly every American. It requires the court to ...Justices Mull Whether Settled Expectations Require Affirmance in Patent ... - The RecorderMedical companies with Indiana ties take interest in SCOTUS patent case - Indiana Lawyer'
p8
aS'Lexmark cuts 320 software jobs; local toll unclear www.smileypete.com - Jan 10, 2017 Lexmark International, the Lexington-headquartered maker of printers recently purchased by a China-based consortium lead by Apex Technology, announced the elimination of 320 jobs in its software division.'
p9
aS'CFIUS Clearance: Consortium led by Apex Technology and Lexmark International Inc. The National Law Review - Oct 4, 2016 We have previously posted with regard to an upcoming/new filing between Lexmark International, Inc. , a Delaware corporation, and a consortium led by Apex Technology .'
p10
a.