(lp0
S'Norges Bank Takes Position in Manhattan Associates, Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - 14 hours ago Manhattan Associates logo Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Manhattan Associates, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Manhattan Associates, Inc.  Position Decreased by AQR Capital Management LLC - Chaffey BreezeShares Continuing to Trade Below Moving Averages: Manhattan Associates, Inc ... - Midway Monitor'
p1
aS'Manhattan Associates, Inc.  Misses Q3 EPS by 1c; Guides FY16 EPS Higher ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 18, 2016 We delivered another good quarter of financial performance growing our business with solid customer activity and competitive win rates, said Eddie Capel, Manhattan Associates President and CEO. We remain focused on serving our customers and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Share Levels in Review for Manhattan Associates Inc  The Standard - 11 hours ago Manhattan Associates Inc  has a current 14 day Williams %R reading of -91.84. Levels can range from 0 to -100. A Williams %R that falls between -80 to -100 is typically viewed as being in strong oversold territory.'
p3
aS'Manhattan Associates: Sales Disappoint Despite Strong Earnings Motley Fool - Oct 19, 2016 Supply-chain logistics specialist Manhattan Associates  has aimed to give its customers everything they need to build out pathways that get necessary goods from suppliers to retail locations for final sale to end-buyers.'
p4
aS'Manhattan Associates: Too Expensive? Not At All Seeking Alpha - Jun 23, 2016 Manhattan Associates  checks all those boxes for investors. This supply chain solutions company has been a beacon of operating excellence for years, and has become the go-to destination for major companies when it comes to improving&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: Manhattan Associates, Inc., The News Journal - 12 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for Manhattan Associates, Inc. is valued at 3446.08. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a stable ..."
p6
aS'Is Manhattan Associates, Inc.  a Stock To Hold For The Long Haul? Aiken Advocate - 6 hours ago Manhattan Associates, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.'
p7
aS"Manhattan Associates'  CEO Eddie Capel on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 20, 2016 Good afternoon. My name is Kelly, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Manhattan Associates Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent ...Manhattan Associates  Stock Down After Q2 Results - TheStreet.com"
p8
aS"Kurt Geiger Selects Manhattan Associates to Power Omni-Channel Retail Growth Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 LONDON and ATLANTA, March 06, 2017  -- Iconic global fashion brand Kurt Geiger has selected Manhattan Associates, Inc.'s  Omni-Channel Solutions platform as the foundation for a systems transformation that will advance its&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Manhattan Associates'  CEO Eddie Capel on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 19, 2016 Good afternoon. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Manhattan Associates Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.