(lp0
S"Financial challenges face Madison County schools Madison County Carrier - Feb 21, 2017 According to information from the Florida Department of Education , Office of Funding and Financial Reporting, Madison County's schools have a dangerously low Financial Condition Ratio of just 3.72 percent. The Financial Condition Ratio can be&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Madison County woman accused of stealing $6000 from injured elderly man in ... AL.com - Mar 13, 2017 A Madison County woman is accused of stealing nearly $6,000 from an elderly family member in Florence while she was responsible for his care.'
p2
aS'Madison County officials share findings from DC, recap 2016 Oneida Dispatch - Mar 19, 2017 Y., pose for a photo with, from back left, Madison County Administrator Mark Scimone, Brookfield Supervisor John Salka, DeRuyter Supervisor Dan DeGear, Madison County Attorney Tina Wayland-Smith, and Nelson Supervisor Roger Bradstreet during the ...'
p3
aS"'Bridges of Madison County' made Robert James Waller famous but didn't define him DesMoinesRegister.com - Mar 13, 2017 I met Robert James Waller when he visited my small English literature class on the campus of Central College in Pella. This was between the 1992 publication of his smash novel The Bridges of Madison County and the 1995 film version starring Clint&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'CORE FCU receives sixth consecutive National Youth Financial Literacy Award Madison County Courier - Mar 11, 2017 Pictured from left Karen Reardon, Member Development &amp; Student Banking Manager, CORE FCU; Bill Sweeney, CEO, CORE FCU; Jim Nussle, president/CEO, Credit Union National Association; and Laura Edick, Marketing &amp; Member Development Specialist&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Five local farmers win grant awards Asheville Citizen-Times - Mar 22, 2017 With spring planting already underway, a handful of Madison County farmers have landed some financial help to expand their agricultural offerings.'
p6
aS'Commission gives school board $1.7 million Jackson Sun - Mar 20, 2017 The Madison County Board of Commissioners approved a resolution to allow the Jackson-Madison County School System to spend $1.7 million from the general fund on its 13 priority one projects.'
p7
aS"Make a difference for county's youth with Ag Tag donation Richmond Register - 11 hours ago Here in Madison County, more than 8,000 youth belong to 4-H and are active in programs and activities such as summer camp, day camps, shooting sports, poultry pals, livestock club, saddle club, cooking clubs and more."
p8
aS'Senate passes Valesky-sponsored elder financial abuse legislation Madison County Courier - Mar 3, 2017 Legislation sponsored by Senator David J. Valesky  protecting seniors from financial abuse passed the Senate on March 2. The bill would authorize banks to refuse any monetary transaction if a banking institution, social services official, or ...'
p9
aS"Schneiderman, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announce lawsuit in 9/11 scam Madison County Courier - Feb 23, 2017 Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau recently announced a lawsuit against RD Legal Funding, LLC, two related entities, and Roni Dersovitz, the companies' founder and owner, for allegedly scamming 9/11 ..."
p10
a.