(lp0
S"McDonald's Corporation  to Expand 'Fresh Beef' Tests Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 However, millennials are demanding healthier and healthier foods from restaurants, even fast food locales such as McDonald's. This has resulted in fresher products from its competitors. The burger joint appears to finally be up to speed with other ..."
p1
aS"McDonald's Corporation to Trump: 'You are actually a disgusting excuse of a ... KTRK-TV - Mar 16, 2017 The McDonald's Corp. tweet insulting Trump was deleted about 20 minutes after it was posted. . KTRK. Thursday, March 16, 2017 09:27AM.McDonald's tweet slams Trump - VICE NewsMcDonald's Twitter account tweets that President Trump is a 'disgusting excuse ... - MassLive.com"
p2
aS"McDonald's: Analysis Of New Initiatives Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 As a McDonald's  shareholder it's good to see the company making a goal of boosting shareholder value. McDonald's recently announced numerous initiatives to drive future growth. I think most of these initiatives will be successful to improve the&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Heffx Technical Analysis Live Trading News - Mar 17, 2017 During an uptrend the long upper shadow indicates that the bears are gaining control and a top may occur."
p4
aS"McDonald's: $170 Per Share By 2020? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 McDonald's released its financial goals and policy targets over the next three years earlier this month. The company's goals could be doable but appear aggressive with respect to margin expansion."
p5
aS"McDonald's Wants to Make You Better Burgers U.S. News & World Report - Mar 2, 2017 The changes come as the food industry faces increasing competition and consumer demands for healthier options and convenience. The Associated Press.McDonald's Corporation  might launch home delivery service in 5 ... - Market ExclusiveInvestors size up new-look McDonald's - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"Buying McDonald's For Dividend Growth? Not So Fast Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 As the dividend continues to grow against flat FCF, MCD will run into a simple math problem. An important part of the bull case for McDonald's  for as long as I can remember has been its ample dividend. MCD is certainly large and mature ...Average Brokerage Rating Of McDonald's Corporation , ONEOK, Inc.  - The USA CommerceMcDonald's Corporation : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS"EOD Risers: General Electric Company, Home Depot Inc, Intel Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 20, 2017 Shares in McDonald's Corporation with EPIC code:  a company that operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants, gained 0.52% or 0.66 points in Friday's trading session."
p8
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Launches Mobile Order and Pay Service Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 If customers choose the drive-thru, they will simply read the already placed order code to the crew and their mobile order will be ready for pickup at the window, McDonald's Corporation  said in a statement. We are proud to pilot mobile ..."
p9
aS"A McDonald's board seat for franchisees? Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 McDonald's  investors will vote soon on whether to give the franchisees who operate most of the fast-food chain's restaurants the opportunity to elect a board member, Reuters reports.Analytical Approach on: McDonald's Corporation  - Post RegistrarBuy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on McDonald's Corporation (MCD ... - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.