(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Marchex Inc  versus YuMe Inc  CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Marchex Inc  versus YuMe Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Marchex, Inc.  Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - BBNSMarchex, Inc.  EPS Projection At $-0.05 - RealistInvestor.com'
p1
aS'Is Marchex Inc  Really As Financially Strong As Its Balance Sheet Indicates? Simply Wall St - Feb 16, 2017 Marchex Inc , which has zero-debt on its balance sheet, can maximize capital returns by increasing debt. The debt will reduce the cost of capital for the company.Marchex -2.6% after earnings beat features low guidance - Seeking AlphaMarchex reports 4Q loss - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'Technical Trading Review on Shares of Marchex Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Investors are paying close attention to shares of Marchex Inc . A popular tool among technical stock analysts is the moving average.'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: CYREN Ltd.  versus Marchex Inc  CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for CYREN Ltd.  versus Marchex Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Marchex, Inc.  to Sell - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS'Looking Ahead for Marchex, Inc. ; Are These Shares Ready to Go ... Aiken Advocate - Mar 21, 2017 Investors and analysts will be closely watching when the company next reports earnings numbers. Earnings results can offer insight into the overall profitability of a specific company.'
p5
aS'Marchex, Inc.  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Mar 20, 2017 Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Marchex, Inc.  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Friday morning.The Marchex, Inc.  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS"Form 4 MARCHEX INC For: Mar 02 Filed by: Caldwell Ethan A StreetInsider.com - Mar 2, 2017 Get the Pulse of the Market with StreetInsider.com's Pulse Picks. Get your Free Trial here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C."
p7
aS'How This Marchex Partnership Will Impact Facebook 24/7 Wall St. - Feb 9, 2017 After Marchex Inc.  announced a partnership with Facebook Inc.  on Thursday, its shares saw a solid gain.Marchex Inc.  Stuns with FaceBook  Partnership! - StockNewsUnion'
p8
aS'Form 4 MARCHEX INC For: Mar 07 Filed by: Caldwell Ethan A StreetInsider.com - Feb 20, 2017 Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue. See Instruction 1. 1. Name and Address of Reporting Person *. Caldwell Ethan A. , , . 520 PIKE STREET. SUITE 2000. . SEATTLE ...'
p9
aS'Traders Take Note: Marchex Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Take Note: Marchex Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p10
a.