(lp0
S'Upbeat Meredith boosts profit guidance for quarter, year Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Meredith  has boosted its EPS outlook for fiscal Q3 and for the year, pointing to outperformance in its digital activities.Meredith Corporation: Meredith Raises Earnings Outlook For Fiscal 2017 3rd ... - The Wall Street TranscriptMeredith Ups Earnings View: What More Should You Know? - Zacks.com'
p1
aS'MEREDITH CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - 12 hours ago Meredith Corporation is a diversified media company. The Company is focused primarily on the home and family marketplace. The Company operates through two segments: Local Media and National Media.Why Snap Inc , Duluth Holdings Inc , Meredith ... - Stock Market DailyMeredith  Reaches $62.55 After 8.00% Up Move; Invesco Dynamic Credit ... - Wolcott Daily'
p2
aS'Meredith Corp. loses top execs amid cuts New York Post - Feb 4, 2017 Even as Meredith Corp. gets ready to release its second issue of the hottest new print magazine of the year, Magnolia Journal, more details are emerging on the cuts the company unveiled earlier in the week in its national media division.'
p3
aS'Time Inc., Meredith Corp. stocks jump amid merger speculation New York Post - Jan 5, 2017 The shares of both Time Inc. and Meredith Corp. touched 52-week highs on Wednesday after a top Meredith executive said he would, in certain circumstance, be interested in opportunities for his TV or magazines assets.'
p4
aS'Meredith Corp. may bid against billionaire trio for Time Inc. New York Post - Nov 30, 2016 As the Time Inc. drama played out for a second day, some media insiders were betting that Meredith Corp. will soon enter the fray and trigger a potential bidding war against the billionaire trio of Edgar Bronfman Jr.Industry eyes Meredith as Time Inc. suitor - CNNMoneyTime Inc. Buyout Bid May Spark Interest From Other Potential Buyers - Minonline'
p5
aS"Meredith Corp. Announces Layoffs MediaPost Communications - Feb 1, 2017 Big publishers aren't slacking on cost-cutting measures in the New Year. Women's interest publisher Meredith Corp. revealed that it has cut 40 positions across the company, with half of the layoffs falling on its New York office and the rest spread ...Meredith Lays Off 40 Staffers - Folio Magazine"
p6
aS'Meredith Contacts Time to Express Interest in Merger Bloomberg - Jan 5, 2017 Meredith Corp. has contacted Time Inc. to express interest in a potential merger, according to people familiar with the matter, rekindling a possible tie-up that died in 2013.A publishing powerhouse has reportedly approached Time Inc about a merger, and ... - Business Insider'
p7
aS'Meredith Corporation to create two bookazines in 2017 based on the House ... Talking New Media - Mar 14, 2017 DES MOINES, Iowa and NEW YORK, NY - March 14, 2017 - Meredith Corporation - the leading media and marketing company with national brands serving more than 110 million American women including nearly 75 percent of U.S.Meredith To Create Bookazine Based On Iconic House &amp; Garden Brand - PR Newswire '
p8
aS'Political Advertising Helps Fuel Better-Than-Expected Q2 for Meredith Corp. Motley Fool - Jan 26, 2017 Shares of Meredith Corporation , a publicly held media and marketing services company with core knowledge of the home, family, food, and lifestyle markets, were up about 10% yesterday after the company reported better-than-expected&nbsp;...Meredith CEO plays it cool on possible merger with Time - DesMoinesRegister.comMeredith Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for January 25 - Equities.com'
p9
aS'Time +3.5% on report of nondisclosure deal with Bronfman, Meredith Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 A group led by Edgar Bronfman Jr. along with Meredith Corp.  has signed a nondisclosure deal with Time Inc. , The Wall Street Journal reports -- suggesting talks to acquire or merge with the veteran publisher are in advanced stages&nbsp;...Meredith taking another run at buying Time Inc. - New York Business JournalMeredith, Bronfman Move Forward in Effort to Acquire Time Inc. - Wall Street Journal'
p10
a.