(lp0
S'230 layoffs expected at Harrisburg-based Metro Bancorp PennLive.com - Dec 29, 2015 F.N.B. Corporation has sent a notice to the state Department of Labor and Industry that layoffs would be occurring early next year at the Harrisburg-based Metro Bancorp, Inc. Dave Eckelmann, spokesman for the state Department for Labor and Industry,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"FNB Corporation and Metro Bancorp, Inc. Shareholder Approvals - Merger Transaction PR Newswire  - Jan 14, 2016 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- F.N.B. Corporation  and Metro Bancorp, Inc.  today announced that, at their respective special meetings held today, the shareholders of Metro Bancorp, Inc. approved the Agreement and Plan of Merger&nbsp;...Pittsburgh's First National Bank buying Metro Bank - WTAE Pittsburgh"
p2
aS'First National Bank Corp completes merger with Metro Bancorp, achieves $20 ... cleveland.com - Feb 16, 2016 PITTSBURGH, Pennsylvania - First National Bank Corp. announced Tuesday that Saturday it successfully completed its merger with Harrisburg-based Metro Bancorp, Inc. As a result of the merger, according to a press release, FNB, which is headquartered in&nbsp;...FNB Corp  Announces Completion of Metro Bancorp Merger - StreetInsider.comThe Conversation: Scott Wickel - Reading Eagle'
p3
aS'Metro Bancorp: Activists At Work Seeking Alpha  - Aug 4, 2014 Metro Bancorp operates a high-cost business model which provides ample opportunities for cost cuts from an acquirer. Three separate funds have taken stakes totaling 20% in the company and sent letters to the board suggesting a sale.'
p4
aS"FNB to Acquire Metro Bancorp Wall Street Journal - Aug 4, 2015 FNB Corp. agreed to acquire Metro Bancorp Inc. in a stock deal the regional lender said is valued at $474 million, a move that will expands the Pittsburgh-based lender's presence across Central Pennsylvania.FNB Corporation Expands Central Pennsylvania Presence with the Acquisition of ... - PR Newswire FNB Corp  to Acquire Metro Bancorp  in $474M Deal - StreetInsider.com"
p5
aS'Metro Bancorp Nominates Richard J. Lashley to Its Board of Directors GlobeNewswire  - May 15, 2015 HARRISBURG, Pa., May 15, 2015  -- Metro Bancorp, Inc.  , parent company of Metro Bank, today announced that Richard J. Lashley, Co-Founder and Principal of PL Capital Group (&quot;PL&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Pulling the Curtain Back on Metro Bancorp, Inc  Earnings ... Melville Review - Mar 21, 2017 Wall Street is predicting that Metro Bancorp, Inc 's earnings per share  will be $N/A when the firm is expected to announce earnings around N/A."
p7
aS'Clover Partners LP Sends Letter to the Board of Directors of Metro Bancorp Business Wire  - Jun 13, 2014 Initially we would like to commend management for guiding the company through a tumultuous banking environment and resolving the previous regulatory orders issued to the bank.'
p8
aS'Metro Bancorp, Inc  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Mar 8, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Metro Bancorp, Inc  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Wednesday 8th of March state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Metro Bancorp Inc , Casella Waste Systems Inc. : Portolan Capital ... Insider Monkey  - Oct 22, 2014 PL Capital, for its part, disclosed no changes in its stake in Metro Bancorp Inc  , but stated its intentions to nominate Richard J. Lashley and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.