(lp0
S'MTI of Albany passes poison pill stock plan Albany Times Union - Oct 11, 2016 Mechanical Technology Inc. has put in place a poison pill stock plan in an attempt to protect $51 million in tax benefits that may be at risk from an activist shareholder.'
p1
aS'THE LGL GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 The LGL Group, Inc. is a holding company. The Company operates through its subsidiary, M-tron Industries, Inc., which includes the operations of Piezo Technology, Inc. and M-tron Asia, LLC . The Company operates through ...'
p2
aS'RFMW Ltd., and Akoustis Technologies, Inc. Announce Distribution Agreement GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , is a manufacturer of innovative BulkONE bulk acoustic wave  high band RF filters for mobile wireless and general purpose RF catalog components. RFMW Ltd. is a specialized distributor ...'
p3
aS'Quantum filter integrates 20000 Josephson junctions physicsworld.com - Apr 26, 2016 Arrays containing as many as 20,000 Josephson junctions have been created by physicists at CSIRO in Australia. The devices are made from a high-temperature superconductor and operate at liquid-nitrogen temperatures.'
p4
aS"Akoustis Produces World's First Single-Crystal BAW RF Filters GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2016 Charlotte, N.C., July 25, 2016  -- Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , an innovator of high performance, single-crystal piezoelectric materials and bulk acoustic wave  resonators for mobile ..."
p5
aS'Integrated Microwave Technologies  Launches DragonFly Ultra-Miniature ... PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2017 HACKETTSTOWN, N.J., Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Integrated Microwave Technologies , a business unit of xG Technology, Inc.  , and a leader in advanced digital microwave systems serving the law enforcement,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Delensing of cosmic microwave background could reveal ancient gravitational waves physicsworld.com - Jul 25, 2016 Physicists in the UK and the US have shown how to use one kind of diffuse cosmic radiation - the cosmic infrared background  - to create a better map of potentially very important variations in another - the cosmic microwave background . The ...'
p7
aS'Microphase IPO May Be A 5G Wireless Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Oct 17, 2016 Microphase Corporation is a provider of military microwave and RF  technology and wants to raise up to $12.25 million in its IPO.'
p8
aS'The Connected Home Is Here Assembly Magazine - Jun 3, 2016 The Kenmore 8000 BTU smart air conditioner can connect to a home Wi-Fi network and be programmed and controlled via an app, which will also alert the owner when the filter needs cleaning. The latest Craftsman .... With a smart appliance, you see the ...'
p9
aS'Globes Elektronik and Link Microtek create French joint-venture Electronics EETimes  - Oct 5, 2016 Specialist RF components distributors Globes Elektronik of Germany and Link Microtek of the UK have created a new company to deliver their services and distribute microwave and RF components in France, as Transtech Technologies SAS. ... the USA to get ...'
p10
a.