(lp0
S'MFRI, Inc.  Appoints New CEO StreetInsider.com - Nov 8, 2016 MFRI, Inc.  announced changes in its executive leadership team, including the appointment of David J. Mansfield as president and chief executive officer effective November 8, 2016.'
p1
aS"MFRI, Inc.  Announces Sale of Filtration Businesses StreetInsider.com - Feb 1, 2016 MFRI, Inc.  today announced a series of actions designed to refocus its business portfolio and cost structure to enhance the Company's overall performance.MFRI sells off filtration business to focus on piping - Chicago Daily Herald"
p2
aS'MFRI Announces Name Change to Perma-Pipe International Holdings, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 NILES, IL-- - MFRI, Inc.  announced today that it is changing its corporate name to Perma-Pipe International Holdings, Inc., effective March 20, 2017.'
p3
aS'BRIEF-Carl Dinger and affiliates report 5.63 pct stake in MFRI Inc, seek sale ... Reuters - Oct 19, 2016 BRIEF-Carl Dinger and affiliates report 5.63 pct stake in MFRI Inc, seek sale of co. Oct 19 MFRI Inc. * Carl Dinger and affiliates report 5.63 pct stake in MFRI Inc as of Oct 17 - SEC filing. * Carl Dinger and affiliates say &quot;given the lack of ...'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: MFRI Inc  is Beating Xerium Technologies Inc (NYSE ... CML News - Mar 9, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MFRI Inc  versus Xerium Technologies Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  is Beating MFRI Inc ... CML News - Mar 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Chicago Rivet &amp; Machine Co.  versus MFRI Inc  .'
p6
aS'MFRI sells filtration businesses Filtration + Separation - Feb 3, 2016 MFRI Inc has announced the sale of its domestic and international filtration businesses, including TDC Filter Manufacturing Inc, Nordic Air Filtration A/S and related assets, and the planned sale of its domestic fabric filter business in Winchester ...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Key Technology Inc  versus MFRI Inc  CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Key Technology Inc  versus MFRI Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Traders Take Note: MFRI Inc  Stock Has Droppped, Weakness in its ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 Take Note: MFRI Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical oscillators ...'
p9
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: MFRI Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Aug 11, 2016 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for MFRI Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p10
a.