(lp0
S"'Africa's IKEA' Steinhoff to Buy Sleepy's Owner Mattress Firm for $2.4 Billion Wall Street Journal - Aug 7, 2016 JOHANNESBURGSteinhoff International Holdings NV, Africa's retailing giant but little-known outside the continent, has made its first foray into the U.S.Steinhoff to Acquire Mattress Firm for About $2.4 Billion - BloombergWhy Mattress Firm Holding Corp Stock Skyrocketed Today - Motley Fool"
p1
aS"Why Mattress Firm Holding Corp. Stock Dropped Today The motley Fool  - Jun 10, 2016 What: Shares of Mattress Firm Holding Corp.  plunged as much as 19.1% early Friday, but partially recovered to trade down 14.6% as of 1:30 p.m.Mattress Firm Tumbles After Cutting Annual Profit Forecast - BloombergMattress Firm Holding's  CEO Ken Murphy on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'Tempur Sealy scraps contracts with biggest customer Mattress Firm Reuters - Jan 30, 2017 Mattress maker Tempur Sealy International Inc  said on Monday it terminated its contracts with Mattress Firm Holdings Corp, its biggest customer, after disagreements over proposed changes that required &quot;significant economic concessions.&quot; Tempur&nbsp;...Tempur Sealy , Mattress Firm Terminate Contract - StreetInsider.comBlog Coverage Tempur Sealy Terminates Contract with Mattress Firm Holdings - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS"Why Mattress Firm Holding Corp. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Mar 22, 2016 Nonetheless, Mattress Firm CEO Steve Stagner insisted the company is &quot;pleased&quot; with its performance, which included a 90 basis expansion in adjusted EBITDA margin, and the company's 10th straight quarter of comparable-store sales growth.Mattress Firm Plunges After Giving Weak Forecast, Naming CEO - BloombergMattress Firm Names New CEO - Wall Street Journal "
p4
aS"Sleepy's name is a dream; Mattress Firm rebrands area stores Allentown Morning Call - Feb 3, 2017 A Mattress Firm store is shown in Chicago. Mattress Firm Holding Corp. Inc., which has acquired Sleepy's, has renamed the Sleepy's store signs to Mattress Firm."
p5
aS"Mattress Firm Holding to Acquire Sleepy's for $780 Million Bloomberg - Nov 30, 2015 Mattress Firm Holding Corp. agreed to buy rival Sleepy's for $780 million, uniting the two largest specialty mattress retailers in the U.S.. As part of the deal, Mattress Firm is assuming $30 million in liabilities, according to a statement on Monday ...Mattress Firm Holding: Fade The Sleepy's Merger-Induced Pop - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS'Why Mattress Firm Holding Corp. Stock Plunged More Than 20% on Friday Motley Fool - Sep 11, 2015 What: Shares of Mattress Firm Holding Corp.  were down 21% as of 1:30 p.m. Friday after the mattress retail chain reported weaker-than-expected fiscal-second-quarter results and mixed forward guidance.Mattress Firm to scrap subsidiary brand, extend acquisition moratorium - Houston Business JournalMattress Firm Plunges After Outlook Cut, Dragging Down Peers - Bloomberg'
p7
aS'Why Mattress Firm Holding Corp. Dropped 30.5% in September Motley Fool - Oct 6, 2015 What: Shares of Mattress Firm Holding Corp.  dropped 30.5% in September, according to S&amp;P Capital IQ data, following a disappointing fiscal second-quarter report.Stephen Stagner Insider Sell Transaction - OctaFinance.com'
p8
aS"Mattress Firm: Destructive Acquisitions And Growing Losses Seeking Alpha - Aug 2, 2016 Mattress Firm's economic earnings, the true cash flows of the business, have declined from -$14 million in fiscal 2012 to -$111 million over the trailing twelve months."
p9
aS"Mattress Firm  Completes Takeover of Sleepy's StreetInsider.com - Feb 5, 2016 Mattress Firm Holding Corp.  , the nation's largest specialty mattress retailer, today announced the completion of its acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interests in HMK Mattress Holdings LLC, the holding company ..."
p10
a.