(lp0
S'Magellan Health Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - 10 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Magellan Health Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p1
aS'Should Value Investors Consider Magellan Health Stock? Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago Though Magellan Health might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p2
aS'Magellan Health to Host Investor Day in New York City Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Magellan Health, Inc.  today announced that it will host an Investor Day on Thursday, June 22, 2017. The event will be held at Convene  in New York City.Should You Sell Magellan Health Services, Inc. Based On Current Broker Views? - NewsDen'
p3
aS'Magellan Health Inc  Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration ... Chaffey Breeze - 17 hours ago Magellan Health logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System maintained its position in shares of Magellan Health Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Magellan Health, Inc.  Buckles Under The Trend Lines Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago We see here that Magellan Health, Inc.  is -7.51% away from the 20-Day Simple Moving Average. Their 50-Day Simple Moving Average is a difference of -12.90% from current levels.'
p5
aS'Magellan Health to Acquire Veridicus Holdings, LLC Business Wire  - Nov 21, 2016 SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.----Magellan Health, Inc.  today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Veridicus Holdings, LLC, a privately held pharmacy benefit management  organization with a unique&nbsp;...Gauge Capital to exit Veridicus - PE Hub  '
p6
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Magellan Health Inc  CML News - Mar 21, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Magellan Health Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p7
aS"Option Trading: Magellan Health Inc  Winning Short Put Spreads ... CML News - 19 hours ago We're going to look at a wonderful result using short put spreads for Magellan Health Inc by pinpointing earnings risk, and then navigating around it."
p8
aS'Magellan Health to Expand Experience in Special Population Management with the ... Business Wire  - May 16, 2016 SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.----Magellan Health, Inc. , a leader in complex care and special population management, today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Armed Forces Services Corporation ,&nbsp;...Magellan Health To Acquire Armed Forces Services Corporation for $117.5M - HIT Consultant'
p9
aS'Stock in Focus: Magellan Health, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 16 hours ago Magellan Health, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.18071. The six month price index is easily measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p10
a.