(lp0
S'Markel to acquire SureTec Financial Corp PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2017 RICHMOND, Va. and HOUSTON, Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Markel Corporation   and SureTec Financial Corp.'
p1
aS"Markel Should Continue To Compound Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 What are the competitive advantages that have allowed Markel to develop such an incredible record? Markel has achieved outstanding results during the last three decade, but that is the past and we need to focus our attention on the question What's next?"
p2
aS'Markel names Jane Peterson Executive Underwriting Officer, Product Line Leadership PR Newswire  - Feb 3, 2017 RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Markel Corporation  announced today that Jane Peterson has been named Executive Underwriting Officer on the Product Line Leadership team.Markel Names Peterson to Product Line Leadership Team - Insurance Journal'
p3
aS"Markel Corporation Starts the Year Strong Motley Fool - May 4, 2016 Markel Corporation  released first-quarter 2016 results Tuesday after the market close. And though shares are little changed as of this writing, make no mistake: Investors should be pleased with the specialty insurer's solid start to the year."
p4
aS"Tony Markel, Vice Chairman of the Board, Markel Corporation, Named 2016 ... St John's University News - Jan 20, 2017 St. John's School of Risk Management, Insurance and Actuarial Science , part of The Peter J. Tobin College of Business, honored Anthony F. Markel, Vice Chairman of the Board, Markel Corporation, as the 2016 Insurance Leader of the Year was held&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"More of the Same Strength From Markel Corporation in Q2 Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 Markel Corporation  released second-quarter 2016 results Tuesday after the market close. And as per usual, the specialty insurer didn't disappoint."
p6
aS'What to Expect When Markel Corporation Reports Earnings Motley Fool - May 3, 2016 Markel Corporation  is set to release first-quarter 2016 earnings later this week. With shares of the specialty insurer and diversified financial holding company up more than 20% over the past year and flirting with all-time highs on the ...'
p7
aS"Markel Corporation: 2015 Annual Report The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 10, 2017 At Markel,we hold the individual's right to self-determination in the highest light, providing an atmosphere in which people can reach their personal potential.Markel Co.  Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $6.98 Per Share - The Cerbat Gem"
p8
aS'Markel: Quality Business, But Time To Start Taking Some Profits? Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Markel Corp.  is an extremely well-run P&amp;C insurance company often considered a &quot;mini-Berkshire&quot; given an operating model which seeks to benefit from the investment leverage offered under an insurance capital structure.Zacks: Markel Corporation  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by ... - BNB Daily What Analysts Report Shows About Markel Corporation ? - Transcript Daily'
p9
aS'Markel Corporation Names Dillon Underwriting Assurance Director in Virginia Insurance Journal - Feb 21, 2017 Markel Corporation, a financial holding company headquartered in Richmond, Va., has named Ashley Dillon underwriting assurance director on the product line leadership team.Markel Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 21 - Equities.comNoticeable Price Move: Markel Corporation  - Is stories'
p10
a.