(lp0
S"EPA Official Accused of Helping Monsanto 'Kill' Cancer Study Bloomberg - Mar 14, 2017 The Environmental Protection Agency official who was in charge of evaluating the cancer risk of Monsanto Co.'s Roundup allegedly bragged to a company executive that he deserved a medal if he could kill another agency's investigation into the herbicide ...Monsanto accused of ghostwriting papers on Roundup cancer risk - Seeking AlphaHas Monsanto Orchestrated a Massive Cancer Coverup? Unsealed Court Case ... - AlterNet"
p1
aS'Medical school to examine whether professor published paper partly written by ... Science Magazine - Mar 21, 2017 Officials at a medical school in New York State say they will investigate a faculty member who, according to internal documents released last week by a federal court in California, put his name on a paper partially ghostwritten by employees at Monsanto ...Monsanto Faces Hundreds of New Cancer Lawsuits as Debate Over Glyphosate Rages On - EcoWatchConsumer Group Questions EPA, Monsanto Collusion on Roundup Health Risks - EHS Today'
p2
aS'Monsanto Fund Opportunity Scholarship program links farm and food Marketwired  - Mar 21, 2017 Sponsored by the philanthropic arm of Monsanto Company, this program has traditionally offered students from farm families the opportunity to capture one of 65 entrance scholarships valued at $1,500 each to help fund post-secondary studies in ...'
p3
aS'While Bayer pursues divestitures to close its Monsanto acquisition, opponents ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 The saga of the ongoing announced Bayer AG  all-cash acquisition of Monsanto  for $66 billion  continues.'
p4
aS"Monsanto buildings appear on commercial realty site; company says it's an accident fox2now.com - Mar 17, 2017 CREVE COEUR, MO  - Agribusiness giant Monsanto denied rumors Friday that it was selling multiple buildings at its Creve Coeur campus after the buildings were discovered on a commercial realty site."
p5
aS'Monsanto &amp; 3 Other Basic Material Picks to Boost Gains Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 The upside was driven by stellar performances of major materials stock like Monsanto Company MON. Notably, the Zacks categorized Basic Materials sector gained 8.89% on a year-to-date basis, outperforming 6.75% return yielded by the benchmark S&amp;P&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'The Technicals For Monsanto Company  Tell An Interesting Tale NY Stock News - 11 hours ago The technicals for Monsanto Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p7
aS'Pima County strikes Monsanto tax deal incentive, company moves forward with ... Arizona Daily Wildcat - Feb 22, 2017 The Pima County Board of Supervisors pulled discussion of a deal with the Monsanto Company from their meeting on Tuesday, Feb. 21.Fortune 500 company Monsanto to grow GMO corn in Tucson - Cronkite NewsMonsanto withdraws from property tax break - Tucson Local Media'
p8
aS'Monsanto: Acquisition By Bayer A Done Deal? Not So Fast. Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 Bayer and Monsanto say the combined companies will spend more on research and development, but farmers say they will be stuck with higher prices and less innovation.'
p9
aS'Should You Try To Profit From The Bayer/Monsanto Deal? Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 In the case of the Bayer/Monsanto deal, Monsanto agreed to be acquired by Bayer for $128 per share or $66 B. If the deal materializes, it will be the largest cash transaction on record and will combine two companies that comprise a quarter of the world ...'
p10
a.