(lp0
S'IBM Buying Merge Healthcare For $1B To Bring Medical Image Analysis To Watson ... TechCrunch - Aug 6, 2015 IBM announced a huge deal today, agreeing to pay a billion dollars for Merge Healthcare, a medical imaging company it plans to fold into the Watson Health unit.IBM  to Acquire Merge Healthcare  in $1B Deal - StreetInsider.comIBM to Buy Merge for $1 Billion for Medical Imaging Tech - Bloomberg'
p1
aS"Chancery Won't Halt Suit Over $1B IBM Merge Healthcare Buy Law360  - Oct 27, 2015 Law360, Wilmington  -- A Delaware Chancery judge declined Tuesday to put a lawsuit challenging IBM's $1 billion takeover of Merge Healthcare Inc. on hold while similar litigation goes forward in Illinois, saying the case&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Merge Healthcare replaces CEO Crain's Chicago Business - Aug 9, 2013 Merge Healthcare Inc. announced today that its CEO resigned as Chairman Michael W. Ferro Jr. apologized for the company's very disappointing second-quarter results.Merge Healthcare CEO resigns - Chicago TribuneMerge CEO resigns over 'disappointing' sales - ModernHealthcare.com"
p3
aS'Merge Healthcare Says $1B Sale To IBM Passes Muster Law360  - Sep 27, 2016 Law360, Wilmington  -- The former directors of Merge Healthcare Inc. told a Delaware Chancery Court judge Tuesday that its $1 billion sale to IBM in 2015 is compatible with state law, arguing that an investor suit&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Shareholder sues to block Merge Healthcare sale to IBM, says deal not best ... Cook County Record - Aug 31, 2015 In his lawsuit, Savu claims Merge's value to IBM is worth far more than shareholders were offered. He also pointed to the company's financial statements, which indicate it has not only experienced substantial revenue growth in recent quarters, but is ..."
p5
aS"Michael Ferro's dealings with Merge Healthcare raise questions Crain's Chicago Business - May 19, 2012 After rescuing Merge Healthcare Inc. from the brink of collapse four years ago, Michael Ferro has received about $9.3 million in a series of side deals with the Chicago-based health care IT company, according to a Crain's examination of filings with ..."
p6
aS'IBM Buys Merge Healthcare for $1B to Enhance Watson Unit Zacks.com - Oct 15, 2015 International Business Machines Corporation  recently declared that it has acquired leading medical imaging company, Merge Healthcare Inc. for about $1 billion. The acquisition is aimed at adding more capabilities to its growing ...'
p7
aS'UPDATE -- Merge Healthcare and AIM Specialty Health Join Forces to Support a ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 24, 2015 CHICAGO, Nov. 24, 2015  -- Merge Healthcare, an IBM Company, has entered into an agreement with AIM Specialty Health  that intends to streamline the process providers undertake to obtain imaging study prior authorizations&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Merge sues rival for allegedly smearing image Crain's Chicago Business - Nov 27, 2012 Merge Healthcare Inc. alleges a rival in the medical imaging business has poached nearly 40 accounts in part by misleading them about the stability of the Chicago-based company as it explores a potential sale."
p9
aS'Merge Healthcare, two former executives settle SEC fraud charges Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Nov 4, 2009 West Allis medical software-maker Merge Healthcare Inc. and two former senior executives have agreed to a settlement with the U.S.'
p10
a.