(lp0
S"Today Analysts Focus on MiMedx Group, Inc. , Microsemi Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Microsemi Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -1.16, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Share Watch: Examining the Levels for Microsemi Corporation  - Rives JournalAnalyst's Proposition on Microsemi Corporation , Knight Transportation ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"'Steady As She Goes' For Microsemi Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 Microsemi's first-quarter results were good enough, but don't move the needle on the standalone value. Drivers like growing satellite builds and the ongoing roll-out of 100G should be good for margins, and Microsemi is well placed to benefit from ..."
p2
aS'Once Overlooked, Microsemi Is Now The Belle Of The Ball Seeking Alpha - Nov 23, 2016 Microsemi is sticking to the plan and looking for above-average revenue growth and margin leverage driven by aerospace, defense, communications, and datacenter storage, as well as merger integration.'
p3
aS"Microsemi to close China manufacturing facility evertiq.com - 16 hours ago US semiconductor manufacturer, Microsemi Corporation, is planning to shut down its manufacturing facility in China. Focused on lower value discrete solutions, the devices manufactured at the facility are not aligned with Microsemi's strategic direction ...Microsemi Closes China Plant - Orange County Business JournalMicrosemi to shut down manufacturing facility in China - Telecom Lead  "
p4
aS'Hyperscale Your Returns With Microsemi Corporation Seeking Alpha - Jan 4, 2017 Microsemi Corporation  is a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductor solutions, differentiated by power, security, reliability, and performance.'
p5
aS'Microsemi Delivers Scalable Fronthaul Solution for 4G and 5G Mobile Networks PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 ALISO VIEJO, Calif., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, today announced a new mobile fronthaul solution ...'
p6
aS'Microsemi: The Diamond In The Rough Among Semiconductors Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 MSCC is the most diversified and best-positioned semi vendor in analog/RF/MW defense/aerospace sector - positioned to leverage Trump defense spending increase.'
p7
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: Microsemi Corporation, The News Journal - 12 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for Microsemi Corporation is valued at 5864.67. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a stable and ..."
p8
aS'Calls Catch Fire on Microsemi Corporation  M&amp;A Buzz Schaeffers Research  - Nov 3, 2016 Speculation is swirling after Bloomberg reported chipmaker Microsemi Corporation  has hired Bank of Montreal   to help coordinate a sale, following a buyout offer from sector peer Skyworks Solutions Inc &nbsp;...Microsemi Corporation  Surges Higher on Chip Deal Frenzy - Scibility Media'
p9
aS"Microsemi's takeover-appeal observed at RBC Capital Markets Seeking Alpha - Oct 24, 2016 Analysts Mitch Steves and Amit Daryanani rate Microsemi  a &quot;Top Pick&quot; with a $48 target .Microsemi Takeover 'Would Be Early,' But Co. Could Become M&amp;A Asset 'Shortly' - Benzinga"
p10
a.