(lp0
S'MSCI Pares Down China Stock Inclusion Proposal as Hurdles Remain Bloomberg - 1 hour ago MSCI Inc. cut back the universe of mainland Chinese stocks for possible inclusion in benchmark indexes under a new proposal.'
p1
aS"Why MSCI Inc. Stock First Soared 13.5% -- Then Gave It All Back Motley Fool - Mar 15, 2017 Early in the day, Britain's Evening Standard newspaper reported that MSCI was the subject of a takeover bid from rival data services firm S&amp;P Global Inc.  -- a bid of $120 a share, which was rejected as &quot;too low&quot; by MSCI management. Just the&nbsp;...MSCI Inc: Shares up on deal chatter - Times of IndiaMsci Inc  Stock: Gains On Rumored Bid From S&amp;P Global  Then Halted - CNA Finance "
p2
aS'MSCI Inc : Is it a good long term opportunity? Simply Wall St - Mar 18, 2017 Based on the latest analyst predictions MSCI Inc  is estimated to grow its earnings 19.9% over the next year. What are the important facts you need to know?'
p3
aS'MSCI Inc: Pours cold water on takeover chatter Times of India - Mar 15, 2017 Evening Standard reported earlier, citing sources, that company spurned a $120/shr takeover offer from S&amp;P Global Inc. ** MSCI holding out for $130, sources told newspaper . ** S&amp;P Global, which owns the S&amp;P 500 and the Dow Jones&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Stock Returns: MSCI Inc  is Beating Moody's Corporation  CML News - 16 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Moody's Corporation  versus MSCI Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months."
p5
aS'Sell-Side Sees Upside &amp; Positive Growth in MSCI Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 6 hours ago MSCI Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research. With their stock price currently trading around $96.11, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the past few years.'
p6
aS'The Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Msci Inc  to Buy Petro Global News 24 - 7 hours ago Msci Inc  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday.'
p7
aS"MSCI Inc.  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on MSCI Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Msci Inc  to Buy Chaffey Breeze - 18 hours ago Msci logo Msci Inc  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report issued on Wednesday.The Msci Inc  Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS"Unusual Volume Spikes For: MSCI Inc.  HugoPress - Mar 16, 2017 Credit Suisse Assumes MSCI Inc. 's stock to Outperform with the price target of $94. This rating was issued on 11/20/16.Most Active Stock Update: MSCI Inc.  - FactsReporterMSCI Inc.  hit its 52 Week high of $109.29 on Mar 15, 2017 - The Newburgh Press"
p10
a.