(lp0
S'Microsoft, Toyota enter licensing partnership for connected car technologies Seeking Alpha - 9 hours ago Expanding on cooperation initiated in April of last year, Microsoft  and Toyota , through a broad-ranging agreement, extend focus on connected car solutions, with related Microsoft technology granted for license to Toyota.'
p1
aS'With Microsoft Corporation  As Precedent, Strikeforce ... Insider Financial - 2 hours ago Industry opinion on patent protection and enforcement varies considerably depending on who you talk to. Some argue patent protection incentivizes fresh development and creativity, as without it inventors would see no point in developing new products.'
p2
aS'Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of Their Microsoft Corporation ... PR Newswire  - 19 hours ago The new research portal has an extensive collection of company research on the Microsoft Corporation, including in-depth analysis of their current market position and future outlook within the computer software and consumer electronics industries.'
p3
aS'Microsoft Corporation  Technicals Downward Trend Live Trading News - Mar 21, 2017 Separating lines occurred. If the lines occur during an uptrend  and the first line is black and the second is white  then this suggests that the uptrend should continue.'
p4
aS'Microsoft Corporation  Taking Aim at Salesforce with Sales ... Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 In a bid to challenge Salesforce.com, Inc. , Microsoft Corporation  subsidiary LinkedIn Corp  has launched an enterprise version of its customer relationship management  software.'
p5
aS'Why the Microsoft Corporation  Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 Microsoft Corporation  has gotten some of its moxie back. Granted, the growth is nowhere near the pace of the glory years of the 1980s and 1990s.Drilling Down Into Microsoft Corporation  - StockNewsJournalMicrosoft Corporation  Closes 0.09% Up on the Day for March 20 - Equities.com'
p6
aS'Microsoft Corporation  Launches A New Amazing Recon Tech Special ... FinancialsTrend - 57 minutes ago The shipping of the device to global market is expected to commence from April, 25th 2017, however, it is available online on Microsoft Store. It will go for $70. The cost is hardly inexpensive but it is not more than the cost of the standard ...Microsoft  Launches Xbox Wireless Controller Tech Series - Market Exclusive'
p7
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Microsoft Corporation Motley Fool - Mar 11, 2017 Microsoft  shares rallied 24% over the past 12 months, hitting a historic high and outperforming the S&amp;P 500's 18% gain.Microsoft Corporation  Picks ARM Chips For Its Cloud Servers - Market Exclusive"
p8
aS"EOD Risers: Merck &amp; Co., Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Nike Inc, Pfizer Inc ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 21, 2017 Stock in Microsoft Corporation with company EPIC:  a technology company, rose 0.09% or 0.06 points throughout yesterday's trading day."
p9
aS'LinkedIn Corp  Co-Founder Joins Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 In 2002, Hoffman co-founded LinkedIn, which is now a subsidiary of Microsoft. Prior to that, he was executive vice president at PayPal.'
p10
a.