(lp0
S'Why Did Monster Worldwide, Inc. Drop 40% in February? Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2016 Monster Worldwide  reported fourth quarter and full-year results and investors were clearly unhappy with the numbers, sending the stock plunging downward.'
p1
aS'Monster Worldwide Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Results PR Newswire  - Feb 11, 2016 About Monster Worldwide Monster Worldwide, Inc.  is a global leader in connecting people to jobs, wherever they are.Why Monster Worldwide, Inc. Shares Got Crushed - Motley FoolWhy Monster Worldwide  Stock is Crashing Today - Zacks.com'
p2
aS"Why Monster Worldwide, Inc. Stock Soared 48% In August Motley Fool - Sep 15, 2016 In rebuttal, Monster Worldwide's executives insist that they've already trimmed operating expenses and capital expenditures to the core, and divested all nonperforming assets worth considering."
p3
aS'Why Monster Worldwide, Inc. Stock Plummeted Motley Fool - May 5, 2016 What: Shares of online employment and recruitment solutions company Monster Worldwide  fell as much as 15.7% on Thursday.'
p4
aS'Why Monster Worldwide, Inc. Stock Shot Up Today Motley Fool - Aug 9, 2016 What: Shares of Monster Worldwide, Inc.  were flying higher today after the company reported second-quarter earnings and agreed to be acquired by Randstad.Monster Worldwide Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results - PR Newswire Monster Worldwide, Inc.: MWW Stock Soars on Randstad Holding Deal - Investorplace.com'
p5
aS"Why Monster Worldwide, Inc. Stock Dropped 17% in May Motley Fool - Jun 8, 2016 Despite management's optimism, Monster's profit and revenue have consistently fallen over the last five years, and there seems to be little long-term value in the stock."
p6
aS'Monster Worldwide Update: Mea Maxima Culpa Seeking Alpha - Feb 13, 2016 As regular readers will recall, I wrote an extended bullish piece on Monster Worldwide  in October last year when the stock was at $6.6, suggesting it was dirt cheap and poised to turn around; I subsequently reiterated the call after a so-so&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Monster Worldwide, Inc. Appoints Gillian Munson to Board of Directors PR Newswire  - Dec 8, 2015 WESTON, Mass., Dec. 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Monster Worldwide, Inc. , a global leader in successfully connecting people and job opportunities, today announced the appointment of Gillian Munson, Chief Financial Officer, XO Group Inc., to its&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Randstad Successfully Completes Tender Offer To Acquire Monster Worldwide PR Newswire  - Oct 31, 2016 DIEMEN, Netherlands and WESTON, Mass., Oct. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Randstad North America, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Randstad Holding nv , announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Merlin Global Acquisition, Inc.,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'MediaNews opposes Monster Worldwide buyout Seeking Alpha - Aug 19, 2016 MediaNews Group dishes out a letter to the board at Monster Worldwide  to raise objections to the proposed sale of the company to Randstad North America .'
p10
a.