(lp0
S'Maxwell Technologies: Acquiring Nesscap Energy Part Of Aggressive Expansion Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Maxwell Technologies , the California-based market leader in ultracapacitors, announced its intention to acquire Nesscap Energy , a small South Korean player in the ultracapacitor space, in conjunction with its Q4 and year-end ...'
p1
aS'Eye on Technicals for Maxwell Technologies Inc  Baxter Review - 10 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for Maxwell Technologies Inc  is currently sitting at 0.21. The ATR basically measures the ...'
p2
aS'Maxwell Technologies Expands Partnership with China Railway Rolling Stock ... PR Newswire  - Jan 31, 2017 SAN DIEGO, Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of capacitive energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced a definitive agreement with CRRC Qingdao&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Maxwell Technologies Announces Generator Starting Solutions for Commercial and ... PR Newswire  - Dec 12, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Dec. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced the Generator Starting Solutions &nbsp;...'
p4
aS'The Maxwell Technologies Inc.  PT Set at $6.00 by Roth Capital Petro Global News 24 - 3 hours ago Maxwell Technologies Inc.  has been assigned a $6.00 target price by Roth Capital in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday.'
p5
aS'Is Maxwell Technologies Inc. Destined for Greatness? Motley Fool - Jul 8, 2014 Maxwell Technologies has done an excellent job at improving its fundamentals over the past three years, and its progress earns it a strong five out of seven passing grades on our assessment today.'
p6
aS'Steve Bilodeau to Join Maxwell Technologies Board of Directors PR Newswire  - May 12, 2016 SAN DIEGO, May 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced that Steve Bilodeau has been&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Is Maxwell Technologies Inc  Starting a Bull Run? Business Review - 15 hours ago Pushing higher over the last five sessions are shares of Maxwell Technologies Inc . The stock has risen 8.19% over that span, yielding profits for savvy traders.'
p8
aS'Maxwell Technologies: Priced For An Implausible Implosion Seeking Alpha - Jun 1, 2016 About two months ago, I took a look at ultracapacitor maker Maxwell Technologies  with an article suggesting it was priced to the conservative side based on my discounted cash flow analysis.'
p9
aS'Maxwell Technologies Completes Sale of Microelectronics Product Line to Data ... PR Newswire  - Apr 27, 2016 SAN DIEGO, April 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced that it has completed the previously&nbsp;...'
p10
a.