(lp0
S'Nordson Corporation Cements Another Great Quarter Motley Fool - Aug 23, 2016 Nordson Corporation  released better-than-expected fiscal third-quarter 2016 results Monday after the market closed.Must Watch Stocks for August 22, 2016 - Benzinga'
p1
aS"Nordson Corporation leaving Pulaski, consolidating in Ohio WSLS - Sep 16, 2016 PULASKI  - On Friday, Nordson Corporation announced it's combining its existing screw and barrel operations in Pulaski; Youngstown, Ohio and New Castle, Penn.Company announces plan to move into old Austintown warehouse - WKBN.comNordson consolidating screw and barrel production in Ohio - Plastics News"
p2
aS'Nordson Corporation grants $4820 to Lorain maker space The Morning Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Teachers Teo Marti, left, Meaghan Burns and Dan Falk, not pictured, started a Fabrication Club out of a group of youth who show up to help because they like working with their hands and building things.'
p3
aS"Why Nordson Corporation Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - May 24, 2016 Nordson CEO Michael Hilton called the company's organic growth &quot;outstanding,&quot; giving credit to &quot;ongoing technology, application, product-tiering and segmentation initiatives and by meeting robust customer demand in consumer non-durable, electronics ..."
p4
aS'Investor Update: Checking on Shares of Nordson Corporation  Rives Journal - 16 hours ago Looking at shares of Nordson Corporation , the company has an EV  of 7895334. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.Nordson Corporation  has been downgraded to Hold in a statement ... - Breaking Finance NewsStock Update on Earnings &amp; Estimates for Nordson Corporation  - Aiken Advocate'
p5
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: Nordson Corporation, The News Journal - 12 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for Nordson Corporation is valued at 7024.55. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a stable and ..."
p6
aS'Nordson Corp.  Buys Plas-Pak Industries StreetInsider.com - Feb 1, 2017 Nordson Corporation  has acquired Plas-Pak Industries, Inc., a Norwich, Connecticut designer and manufacturer of injection molded, single-use plastic dispensing and packaging products including two-component  cartridges for industrial&nbsp;...Norwich-based Plas-Pak Industries is sold - Norwich Bulletin'
p7
aS'Nordson Corp.  Buys InterSelect GmbH StreetInsider.com - Feb 16, 2017 Nordson Corporation  has acquired InterSelect GmbH a German designer and manufacturer of selective soldering systems used in a variety of automotive, aerospace and industrial electronics assembly applications.'
p8
aS'Nordson Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 16, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017 Nordson Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 16, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.27 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 07, 2017.Nordson Corporation  Upgraded at KeyCorp - The Cerbat GemKeyCorp Upgrades Nordson Corporation  to Overweight - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Nordson Corporation  versus Parker-Hannifin ... CML News - 16 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Nordson Corporation  versus Parker-Hannifin Corporation  .'
p10
a.