(lp0
S'Energy Systems Group to Upgrade Infrastructure at Naval Base Coronado Marketwired  - Mar 22, 2017 &quot;We are honored to support the United States Navy by installing new energy infrastructure that will directly impact the important mission of Naval Base Coronado,&quot; said Steve Spanbauer, senior vice president of Energy Systems Group. &quot;ESG will be&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'South Australia launches new clean energy plan to combat grid black-out issues The Climate Group - Mar 20, 2017 South Australia launches new clean energy plan to combat grid black-out issues. Author: ... The state has now released a new energy plan to improve energy security and continue its journey towards a cleaner energy system. ... Libby Ferguson, States ...'
p2
aS"Three foreign-connected groups compete to take over Ohio State's energy systems The Columbus Dispatch - 20 hours ago Three foreign-connected groups compete to take over Ohio State's energy systems. Wednesday. Mar 22, 2017 at ... Ohio State University is reviewing proposals from three teams with international connections to lease and operate its energy systems ..."
p3
aS"Energy Systems Catapult and BEAMA formalise Joint Working Voltimum - Mar 16, 2017 In front of more than 100 guests, at the official opening ceremony of the Catapult's office- Cannon House, both Philip New, of the Energy Systems Catapult, and Dr Howard Porter, of BEAMA, outlined the benefits and opportunities that the agreement will ..."
p4
aS'The energy transition is going local: actions, ambition and vision The Climate Group - Mar 21, 2017 LONDON: Sub-national governments are key actors in driving the energy transition and securing a cleaner, healthier and prosperous future - an event organized by The Climate Group and E3G has shown today. ... Manon Dufour, Head of Brussels Office, E3G ...'
p5
aS"Pressure mounts on Finkel energy review to consider price on carbon The Guardian - Mar 17, 2017 In its Finkel submission, Australian Industry  group, representing manufacturers and other industries, supported a carbon market mechanism, saying the electricity system urgently needed a clear, efficient and durable climate policy to underpin new&nbsp;...Households abandoning the grid have 'lost faith' - The Sydney Morning Herald"
p6
aS"Environmental policies are driving down consumer energy bills, experts say The Independent - Mar 16, 2017 The average consumer has saved 115 a year on their energy bills since the Government committed to legally binding targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, according to a new analysis by the Government's climate change advisers. Annual gas and ..."
p7
aS"Green energy in a coal state: the struggle to bring solar jobs to West Virginia The Guardian - Mar 19, 2017 Now, with three employees and a crew under contract, Conant's new passion comes with an audacious goal: bring solar jobs to communities hit hard by the decline of coal."
p8
aS"How Upper Austria is tackling heating emissions through awareness raising and ... The Climate Group - Feb 22, 2017 The new case study is part of The Climate Group's Energy Transition Platform, a global initiative supporting highly industrialized, sub-national governments in accelerating the low carbon transition, and looks at how Upper Austria is activating both ..."
p9
aS'EBI, Shell sign $25 million partnership to fund new energy tech research UC Berkeley - Mar 15, 2017 The overarching objective is to harness the power of renewable energy sources to develop the fuels of the future, create robust options for energy storage, build capabilities in computational material science and chemistry, and probe the potential of ...'
p10
a.