(lp0
S'MKS Instruments to Buy Newport Corp. for $897 Million in Cash Wall Street Journal - Feb 23, 2016 MKS Instruments Inc. on Tuesday said it would acquire Newport Corp. for $897 million in cash, a move to expand its presence beyond its core semiconductor business.Newport Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2015 Results - PR Newswire MKS Instruments  to Acquire Newport Corporation  in ~$980M Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS"MKS Instruments Announces Closing of Acquisition of Newport Corporation GlobeNewswire  - Apr 29, 2016 We're excited by the combination of MKS Instruments and Newport Corporation, as it creates a premier supplier of critical components and subsystems for a diverse set of end markets, from semiconductor to life sciences, each with a common need for ..."
p2
aS'Hexapods Photonics.com - Jan 6, 2017 IRVINE, Calif. - The HXP200 series of hexapods from Newport Corp. can position loads up to 50 kg on six axes with precision, speed and accuracy.'
p3
aS"Two critical after 'serious' crash on Corporation Road in Newport South Wales Argus - Mar 21, 2017 TWO people are in a critical condition with serious injuries after a crash on Corporation Road in Newport this morning.Two men seriously injured in Newport motorbike crash - BBC NewsTwo men in critical condition after motorbike crash - ITV News"
p4
aS"Two critical with life threatening injuriesafter 'serious' crash on ... South Wales Argus - Mar 21, 2017 TWO men are in a critical condition with life threatening injuries following a crash on Newport's Corporation Road. The crash, which involved a motorbike, occurred close to the Morrisons superstore in the early hours of Tuesday morning."
p5
aS"Pulling the Curtain Back on Newport Corporation  Earnings ... Melville Review - Mar 22, 2017 Wall Street is predicting that Newport Corporation 's earnings per share  will be $N/A when the firm is expected to announce earnings around N/A."
p6
aS'Newport Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Mar 19, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Newport Corporation  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Sunday 19th of March state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Two injured in 'serious' crash on Corporation Road in Newport South Wales Argus - Mar 21, 2017 TWO people were taken to hospital following a crash on Corporation Road in Newport this morning. The crash, involving, a motorbike happened near the Morrisons superstore."
p8
aS'Police appeal after robbery in Corporation Road shop, Newport South Wales Argus - Mar 10, 2017 GWENT Police would like to speak with these two people in connection with a robbery at a store in Corporation Road, Newport. The offence happened between 8.50pm and 9.00pm on Thursday, March 9. A spokeswoman for Gwent Police said: &quot;During the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Boulevard project on point Gloucester Daily Times - 8 hours ago He and his team from Newport Construction Corp. of Nashua, New Hampshire, recognize they're in the final stages of the nearly two-year job."
p10
a.