(lp0
S'North Group and Peekaboo Beans Inc. Announce Entry Into Definitive Agreement ... Marketwired  - Jun 3, 2016 North Group Finance Limited   is pleased to announce that it has entered into a definitive amalgamation agreement with Peekaboo Beans Inc.  and Peekaboo Beans  Inc.,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Peekaboo Beans Announces US Expansion and $6M Financing Canada NewsWire  - Mar 3, 2017 VANCOUVER, March 3, 2017 /CNW/ - Peekaboo Beans Inc.  , a direct-sales retailer of children's apparel, today announced plans to expand its independent sales network or &quot;Stylists&quot; into the United States&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Direct Sales Children Apparel Retailer, Peekaboo Beans Inc. Completes Reverse ... Marketwired  - Sep 26, 2016 Peekaboo Beans Inc., formerly North Group Finance Limited , is pleased to announce the completion of its previously announced reverse takeover transaction .'
p3
aS"Direct-sales business Peekaboo Beans joins list of Vancouver brands going public Vancouver Sun - Sep 27, 2016 Richmond direct-sales children's-wear business Peekaboo Beans Inc. is going public through a reverse takeover of an investment and merchant banking firm, North Group Finance Limited ."
p4
aS"Direct selling is proving to be a retail disrupter BNN - Feb 7, 2017 Direct sales is experiencing explosive growth due to millennials' embrace of social media for a wide variety of activities, including shopping."
p5
aS'Following a direct path to work-life balance The Globe and Mail  - Jun 15, 2016 Peekaboo Beans sales consultants, which the company calls play stylists, sign up under a coach and pay $199 for a starter kit.'
p6
aS"Aritzia not the only Vancouver retailer going public, plus AOS ruling is explained Financial Post - Sep 26, 2016 It will be a big week also for Peekaboo Beans, which defines itself as a children's lifestyle apparel brand that creates high-quality, ethically manufactured children's playwear with the mission to empower 'free play' in children, for their healthy ..."
p7
aS'Vancouver entrepreneurs buckle up to tackle slow fashion challenge Vancouver Sun - May 7, 2016 Vancouver fashion designer Nicole Bridger learned a bitter lesson when she purchased a profitable Vancouver cut and sew factory business and realized after the fact that it was losing money.'
p8
aS'RECALLS: Honda Odyssey, Tupperware seasoning, Arm &amp; Hammer cleaner on list Simcoe.com - Jan 3, 2017 BABY CLOTHES: Peekaboo Beans Inc. recalled winter and spring 2016 collection Bean Playsuits do to a choking hazard. For more information on recalls, visit http://healthycanadians.'
p9
aS"Back to school style: Colour, prints and customization rule the classrooms ... The Province - Aug 15, 2016 Freestyle Jacket from Peekaboo Beans, $66. Grey Ranger Pants from Peekaboo Beans, $58. If you're working on a tight budget, .... 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited."
p10
a.