(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Insight Enterprises Inc  is Beating Systemax Inc ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Insight Enterprises Inc  versus Systemax Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Insight Enterprises, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS"Insight Enterprises Takes on HPE Employees in Conway Arkansas Business Online - Aug 2, 2016 From left, Chris Coffman, director of Insight Enterprises Inc.'s Conway facility; Insight U.S. President Steve Dodenhoff, Gov.Insight adds sales center to Conway - Log Cabin Democrat"
p2
aS'Insight Enterprises, Inc.  Position Raised by Guggenheim Capital LLC Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago Insight Enterprises logo Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Insight Enterprises, Inc.  by 15.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Insight Enterprises, Inc.  in-depth technical analysis - Post Analyst'
p3
aS"Insight Enterprises Looks Intriguing After Datalink Acquisition Seeking Alpha - Nov 15, 2016 Though I was bearish on DTLK, Insight's acquisition makes sense: cost synergies, the addition of data center expertise, and  new management should make Datalink a material contributor."
p4
aS'HPE enters labor agreement with Insight Enterprises Log Cabin Democrat - Apr 5, 2016 After Hewlett Packard Enterprises in Conway announced to employees on Monday that it was entering a labor contract agreement with Insight Enterprises, Inc., some misconceptions arose. Employees and their families, who spoke with the Log Cabin&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Option Trading: Insight Enterprises Inc  Powerful Short Put ... CML News - 19 hours ago We find a very powerful outcome examining short put spreads for Insight Enterprises Inc when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p6
aS"Insight Enterprises, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Oct 27, 2016 TEMPE, Ariz., Oct. 27, 2016  -- Insight Enterprises, Inc.   today reported results of operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.Insight Enterprises reports sales boost in latest quarter - Phoenix Business JournalInsight Enterprises'  CEO on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Investor Focus: Watching Shares of Insight Enterprises, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 16 hours ago Many investors may be looking to track stock price momentum by looking at different historical information. Insight Enterprises, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 1.26028. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing ...'
p8
aS'Insight Enterprises to Acquire Datalink GlobeNewswire  - Nov 7, 2016 TEMPE, Ariz. and EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn., Nov. 07, 2016  -- Insight Enterprises , an Intelligent Technology Solutions provider , and Datalink Corporation , a leading provider of IT&nbsp;...Insight Enterprises buys Minnesota public company for $258M - Phoenix Business JournalDatalink to be sold to Insight Enterprises for $258M - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p9
aS'The Insight Enterprises, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Insight Enterprises, Inc.  from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Wednesday.Babcock &amp; Wilcox Enterprises  Reaches $8.99 Yearly Low, Insight ... - Herald KSInsight Enterprises, Inc.  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.