(lp0
S'NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - 8 hours ago Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  issued a press release today announcing that Amar R. Patel has been appointed as.'
p1
aS'Robbins Arroyo LLP Is Investigating the Officers and Directors of Nationstar ... Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 SAN DIEGO &amp; COPPELL, Texas----Shareholder rights law firm Robbins Arroyo LLP is investigating whether certain officers and directors of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  breached their fiduciary duties to shareholders by&nbsp;...CFPB Imposes Largest HMDA Fine To Date Against Nationstar Mortgage - Banker & TradesmanThe Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NSM ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Piper Jaffray Companies Lowers Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Price ... Chaffey Breeze - 15 hours ago Nationstar Mortgage Holdings logo Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  had its price objective cut by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies to $14.50 in a research note issued on Wednesday.Nationstar Mortgage Holdngs  Names Amar Patel Interim CFO - StreetInsider.comThe Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Stake Held by Allianz Asset ... - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Nationstar Establishes Subservicing Relationship with New Residential Business Wire  - Jan 30, 2017 DALLAS----Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.   announced today that it has entered into a subservicing agreement with New Residential Mortgage LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New Residential Investment&nbsp;...Citi to Exit Mortgage Servicing, Sell $97 Billion Portfolio - BloombergCitiMortgage Accelerates Close of Mortgage Servicing Business - The MReport'
p4
aS'Nationstar To Pay CFPB $1.75M Over Faulty Mortgage Data Law360  - Mar 15, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. will pay $1.75 million and take other steps after the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau found that data the Texas-based company was required to collect on&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc Realized ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  has seen its stock price move at an elevated level.'
p6
aS'Air Transport Services Group, Goldman Sachs, Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Times of India - Feb 24, 2017 HIGHLIGHTS * Air Transport Services Group : Imperial Capital starts with an in-line rating * Goldman Sachs : Berenberg cuts to sell from hold * Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc : Barclays cuts to underweight from equal weight Following is a summary of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"What's Happening To These Stocks?  Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM ... Post Analyst - 13 hours ago Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. has a consensus hold rating from 6 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 6.89% of shares outstanding."
p8
aS"Nationstar Mortgage Holdings'  CEO Jay Bray on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - May 4, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].Nationstar Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire "
p9
aS'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 22, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 22, as the stock gained 1.46% to close at $18.79.Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  likely to see 9% move on its earnings ... - Post Analyst'
p10
a.