(lp0
S"Cybersecurity Ventures Top 50 Security Companies to Watch IT Business Edge - Feb 26, 2015 root9B's personnel are internationally recognized and trusted providers of advanced cyber solutions, satisfying requirements for missions and enterprises globally, dedicated to the delivery of solutions and services based on technical innovation and ..."
p1
aS'Aurora Capital Group Completes Acquisition of National Technical Systems, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 22, 2013 LOS ANGELES and CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 22, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Aurora Capital Group , a Los Angeles-based private equity firm with over $2 billion of assets under management, and National Technical Systems, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p2
aS"National Technical Systems acquires Wyle Labs testing business in Huntsville ... al.com - Mar 19, 2014 A news release announcing the acquisition said NTS Huntsville is the largest independent environmental testing lab in the country and serves the aerospace, defense, nuclear and voting systems industries. The acquisition of the three facilities will ...National Technical Systems Announces Acquisition of Wyle Laboratories' Testing ... - PR Newswire National Technical Systems Acquires Wyle Laboratories in Huntsville, California - whnt.com"
p3
aS'National Technical Systems Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement Proposal at ... PR Newswire  - Nov 19, 2013 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 19, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, today announced that its shareholders overwhelmingly approved the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'National Technical Systems - Investors Have Landed The Sweet Spot Seeking Alpha - Aug 20, 2013 Investors in National Technical Systems  already had a great run, but received icing on the cake after the company agreed to sell itself to private equity firm Aurora Capital Group. Investors who have done their research into this&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'National Technical Systems Reports Record Annual Operating Results for Fiscal ... PR Newswire  - Apr 30, 2013 CALABASAS, Calif., April 30, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, today reported its financial results for the fiscal year and the fourth quarter ended ...'
p6
aS'NTS Hires Dr. Vicki Panhuise as President, Testing PR Newswire  - Nov 9, 2015 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, announced today that it has ...'
p7
aS'NTS Announces Acquisition of Chesapeake Testing PR Web  - May 16, 2016 National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, announced today that it has acquired Chesapeake Testing Services (Chesapeake ...'
p8
aS'NTS Adds Reverberation Chamber Test Capabilities at Five US Laboratories PR Web  - Jul 24, 2016 National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, is pleased to announce the completion of the expansion of its EMI testing ...'
p9
aS"Top tech firms fight travel ban Politico - Feb 6, 2017 TECH FIRMS RALLY AGAINST TRAVEL BAN: Nearly 100 tech companies, including several top lobbying spenders, signed onto an amicus brief on Sunday in support of a lawsuit fighting President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration."
p10
a.