(lp0
S"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Raises Again: Here's Our Take Insider Financial - Mar 20, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  just announced a registered direct offering, and the company is down more than 50% on the news.More Bad News for Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Shares - Street RegisterNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Daily Sentiment At 0 - Markets Daily"
p1
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : What The Whitebox Agreement Tells Us Insider Financial - Mar 13, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  has been a real tough stock to hold over the last couple of years. It's fallen prey to aggressive short sell type manipulation.Stock Recent Trading Summary: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - Is storiesNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. : Important Trade and Target Levels To Watch - Post Analyst"
p2
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. , TTM ... StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at - in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p3
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Just Gave Us The Update We Were ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 For a long time, we've kept Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  on our radar. The company has been one of the hardest stocks to read over the last eighteen months, rooted in a clinical hold on its lead asset, and sentiment surrounding its&nbsp;...Northwest Bio Spikes on Lifting of Clinical Hold  - InvestopediaNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Stock current Trends Analysis - TopChronicle"
p4
aS'Why Analysts put forward these two stocks: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  share price increased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $1.84.'
p5
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Is About To Turnaround Insider Financial - Dec 14, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  shareholders have been waiting for some level of insight into its brain cancer trial for more than twelve months.'
p6
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : Here's Our Take On The Latest Update Insider Financial - Nov 18, 2016 Well, here's one for the books. Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  just put out a fresh press release, updating markets as to the progress of its operations."
p7
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : Heading For A Reversal? Insider Financial - Oct 4, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is grabbing headlines again. The company put out some data at the end of September purporting to a phase 1 trial of its DCVax-Direct treatment, and response has been mixed.'
p8
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  Signs Of Recovery? The Oracle Dispatch - Sep 22, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  is finally showing signs of strength in the past month. This very well could be a dead cat bounce for a stock that's been beat up until recently.Stock Update : Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc Presents Updated ... - Smarter Analyst"
p9
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : What's Going On Behind The Scenes? Insider Financial - Jan 24, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is drawing a considerable amount of what can only be referred to as ridicule right now."
p10
a.