(lp0
S'Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc. Announces EPA Approval For Labeling Use Of PERFORMACIDE ... PR Newswire  - Feb 13, 2017 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc.  announced today that its label amendment on PERFORMACIDE Hard Surface Disinfectant has been accepted by the EPA, to include the additional usage sites of hydroponic and indoor&nbsp;...BRIEF-Zadar Ventures entered into negotiations with private Alberta company to ... - Reuters'
p1
aS'Crunching the Numbers for Ocean Bio-Chem Inc  Baxter Review - 9 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Ocean Bio-Chem Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.24. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge stock volatility.'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Ocean Bio-Chem Inc. announces EPA approval for labeling use of Performacide Reuters - Feb 13, 2017 LONDON, March 8 European shares traded flat on Wednesday in early deals, the modest move masking significant results-driven gains from German sportswear company Adidas and British security company G4S among others, on a busy day for European&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Breaking: Ocean Bio-Chem Inc  Stock Through Resistance ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Breaking: Ocean Bio-Chem Inc  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p4
aS'Ocean Bio-Chem: An Avian Flu Pure Play? Seeking Alpha - May 26, 2015 ... that Alpha Pro Tech  runs on human influenza outbreak news. Then on Wednesday of last week, one company, Ocean Bio-Chem , put out a press release which I thought might help position it as such a small cap pure play.'
p5
aS"OCEAN BIO-CHEM, INC  Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant's ... Market Exclusive - Feb 24, 2017 Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc. is engaged in the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of a range of appearance, performance and maintenance products."
p6
aS'Ocean Bio-Chem Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Ocean Bio-Chem Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p7
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Ocean Bio-Chem Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Ocean Bio-Chem Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p8
aS'Markets Surge On President Elect Surprise Win; Towerstream Corporation (NASDAQ ... Traders350 - Nov 14, 2016 This Trump surprise has also helped to boost biotech. Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc.  reported its third quarter financial results this morning.'
p9
aS'Atlas Copco upgrades walk-behind concrete power trowels Total Landscape Care - Feb 14, 2017 Ocean Bio-Chem Inc. announced this week that its label amendment on PERFORMACIDE Hard Surface Disinfectant has been accepted by the U.S.'
p10
a.