(lp0
S"Office Depot partners with Silverback Learning Solutions Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 The unique partnership combines Office Depot, Inc.'s Committed to Learning initiative with Silverback Learning Solutions' education software Milepost, Teacher Vitae and EdifyAssess, powered by Silverback Learning, which allow teachers and districts to&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"What Propelled Office Depot's Shares in Past Six Months? Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. ODP has undertaken a strategic review of its business operating model, growth prospects and cost structure to bring itself back on growth trajectory, after an attempt to merge with Staples, Inc.  fell through.Office Depot, Inc. subtracted -4.88% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free ObserverOffice Depot, Inc.  Analyst's Long Term Pick - Aiken Advocate"
p2
aS'Trading Sheet: Watching the Numbers for Office Depot, Inc.  Rives Journal - 13 hours ago Looking at shares of Office Depot, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 3491397. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p3
aS'Office Depot, Inc. Announces New Advertising Agency of Record Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today announced that it has reached a two-year agreement with Zimmerman Advertising, LLC as its advertising and media agency of record.Office Depot, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 01, 2017 - NasdaqOffice Depot Sees Revenue Falling This Year - Wall Street Journal '
p4
aS'Office Depot, Inc. Small Business Index Finds Majority of Small Business ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. , the leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions revealed in its latest Small Business Index survey that approximately three-fourths  of small business owners  indicated they did not ...Office Depot, Inc. reports improved profitability in 2016 - EPR Retail News Stock Jumping Abnormally High: Office Depot, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p5
aS"Stock Jumping Abnormally High: Office Depot, Inc.  HugoPress - 17 hours ago Loop Capital Initiates Coverage On Office Depot, Inc. 's stock to Hold with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 12/13/16."
p6
aS'Office Depot beats profit and sales expectations MarketWatch - Mar 1, 2017 Office Depot Inc. ODP, -4.88% reported Wednesday fourth-quarter earnings that rose to $80 million, or 15 cents a share, from $15 million, or 3 cents a share, in the same period a year ago.'
p7
aS"Office Depot, Inc.  has Current Market Capitalizaion of $2.31 Billion The Newburgh Press - 16 hours ago Considering the performance, Office Depot, Inc. 's shares have the potential to reach a high EPS of 0.13 per share, and a low EPS of 0.09 per share in the current quarter."
p8
aS'Office Depot Inc. Q4 Income Advances 69% Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017  - Office Depot Inc.  released a profit for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.'
p9
aS'Business Management Firm Execution Specialists Group  Receives ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Execution Specialists Group  has been awarded the Office Depot, Inc. Integration Partner of the Year award in honor of its collaborative integration efforts in the merger between Office Depot and OfficeMax.'
p10
a.