(lp0
S'Orion Energy Systems: Clear Vision For Big Growth In LED Lighting Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 Anyone familiar with the history of Orion Energy Systems  has known the company to be a huge disappointment to investors since its IPO in 2007, as the chart below illustrates.'
p1
aS"Orion Energy Systems: Micro-Cap Ready To Breakout Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Orion's last two quarters have been great, yet the stock has not reflected this and remains dramatically undervalued. LED Lighting segment has now grown to the point where declines in the company's legacy fluorescent business no longer matter. Orion ..."
p2
aS'Orion Energy Systems Wins Wisconsin Manufacturer of the Year Market ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  - Orion Energy Systems, Inc., a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, energy-efficient LED retrofit lighting platforms was honored with the 29th Annual Wisconsin Manufacturer of the Year Market&nbsp;...Orion Energy Systems: The Market Is Sleeping On Rapid Growth And Imminent ... - Seeking AlphaWilliam T. Hull Acquires 44851 Shares of Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  Stock - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'Orion Energy Systems Announces Appointment of New Director Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Orion Energy Systems, Inc. , a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, energy-efficient retrofit lighting platforms, announced today that it has increased the size of its Board of Directors to nine, and appointed Ellen B. Richstone ...ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS"Orion Energy Systems'  CEO John Scribante on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Orion Energy Systems Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all ... Except as described in these filings, the company disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.Orion touts domestic manufacturing advantage - Milwaukee Journal SentinelOrion Energy Systems, Inc.  Announces Earnings Results, Meets Expectations - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS'Orion Energy Systems: My Best Pick For 2016 Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2016 While the author has written several articles on Orion Energy Systems , the current article is being submitted in the Seeking Alpha 2016 contest: &quot;Your Top Long Idea for 2016&quot; which will track the performance of the shares for the ...'
p6
aS'Orion Energy Systems  Appointed Lighting Manufacturer for Major Regional ... StreetInsider.com - Jul 5, 2016 Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  today announced that is has been appointed as the lighting manufacturer for a major regional retailer with over 700 locations.Orion Energy Systems adding assembly lines, employees after winning retail ... - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p7
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Purcell Julie &amp; Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating Orion Energy ... PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Purcell Julie &amp; Lefkowitz LLP, a class action law firm dedicated to representing shareholders nationwide, is investigating a potential breach of fiduciary duty claim involving the board of directors of Orion Energy Systems, Inc.'
p8
aS'Orion Energy Systems Launches Game-Changing LED Retrofit Products Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2016 Termed the LDRE  and LDRM , the new items achieve a full fixture retrofit within a one-minute installation time.'
p9
aS'Orion Energy Systems Files $75 Million Universal Shelf Registration Statement Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Orion Energy Systems, Inc. , a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, energy-efficient retrofit lighting platforms, announced today that it has filed a new universal shelf registration statement with the U.S.Summary of Price Movements: Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  - Is stories'
p10
a.