(lp0
S"Orbital Sciences Corp. investigates rocket-launch failure at Wallops Island, Va. Washington Post - Oct 30, 2014 With a launch pad in Virginia covered in rocket debris, Orbital Sciences Corp. saw its stock price drop 16 percent Wednesday as investigators began to figure out why the company's Antares rocket exploded catastrophically Tuesday night just seconds into ...Antares rocket explosion: Orbital Sciences Corp. looks for cause of blast - CBC.ca"
p1
aS'Orbital ATK: Cargo Ships to the ISS Space.com - Jan 28, 2013 Orbital ATK is one of two private companies that currently hold a contract with NASA to fly unmanned cargo missions to the International Space Station.'
p2
aS"ATK to merge with Orbital Sciences in $5 billion deal, spin off sports division Washington Post - Apr 29, 2014 The move is mutually beneficial, company executives said, as ATK looks to bolster its aerospace business and Orbital Sciences hopes to boost the scale of its existing operations as well as gain a foothold in the defense sector. The separation of ATK's ...Orbital Sciences Soars Out of Musk's Shadow in Space Race - BloombergOrbital Sciences and Alliant Techsystems to merge, spin off sports unit - Washington Business Journal "
p3
aS'Orbital ATK, Merger of Orbital Sciences and ATK, Begins Operations Space.com - Feb 11, 2015 The aerospace firm Orbital ATK is now up and running, nearly a year after the merger that created the $4.5 billion company was first announced.Orbital, ATK complete aerospace merger - Washington Business Journal Vista Outdoor &amp; Orbital ATK Emerge from Alliant Division - Zacks.com'
p4
aS'When Orbital Sciences Corp. Warns, Orbital Sciences Stock Burns Motley Fool - Jul 18, 2014 Meanwhile -- and one suspects this is the factor that really spooked the market, and that cost Orbital Sciences stock 4.4% of its market cap yesterday -- the company warned that revenues for the remainder of 2014 will come in lighter than previously ...'
p5
aS"ATK Stockholders Approve the Issuance of Shares to Orbital Sciences ... PR Newswire  - Jan 27, 2015 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Alliant Techsystems Inc.   today announced its stockholders approved the issuance of ATK common stock, par value $0.01 per share, to Orbital Sciences Corporation   stockholders in&nbsp;...Orbital Sciences Corp.'s stockholders approve Feb. 9 merger with ATK - SpaceFlight InsiderOrbital Stockholders Approve Merger With ATK's Aerospace and Defense Groups - Business Wire "
p6
aS'NASA says Orbital Sciences Corp. can launch its Antares rocket to the ... WPTV - Apr 17, 2013 ATLANTIC, Va. -- NASA says a private company can conduct a test launch this week of an unmanned rocket intended to help eventual supply runs to the International Space Station.Antares conducts a flawless maiden launch - NASASpaceflight.com'
p7
aS"Orbital Sciences Launches Landmark Private Cargo Mission to Space Station Space.com - Jan 9, 2014 The commercial spaceflight company Orbital Sciences Corp. launched a robotic spacecraft from Virginia's Eastern Shore Thursday  on a milestone flight: the company's first official cargo delivery to the International Space Station.Orbital Corp. launches rocket to space station after solar scare; food, ants ... - Fox NewsOrbital Sciences' Cygnus resupply truck blasts off to the Space Station - Register"
p8
aS"Orbital Sciences Replaces SpaceX on Stratolaunch Project Space.com - Dec 3, 2012 WASHINGTON - After the exit of launch services provider Space Exploration Technologies  Corp. as its rocket subcontractor, Stratolaunch Systems has turned to Orbital Sciences Corp. of Dulles, Va., to keep the world's largest air-launch-to ...$900M in Pentagon Launch Contracts Awarded to Lockheed, Orbital, SpaceX - Space NewsAir Force awards up to $900 million in launch contracts - Spaceflight Now"
p9
aS"Orbital Sciences Orders RD-181 Engines for Antares Rocket Space News - Dec 17, 2014 PARIS - Satellite and rocket builder Orbital Sciences Corp. on Dec. 16 confirmed that it has contracted with Russia's Energomash to provide RD-181 engines to power the first stage of Orbital's Antares rocket, replacing the AJ-26 engine, also from ...Antares Upgrade Will Use RD-181s In Direct Buy From Energomash - Aviation WeekAntares rocket will get new Russian RD-181 engines in $1bn deal - RT"
p10
a.