(lp0
S'Kevadiya Selects ORBCOMM to Provide Telematics Solution for Department of ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 ORBCOMM Inc. , a leading global provider of Machine-to-Machine  and Internet of Things  solutions, today announced that Kevadiya Inc.  selected ORBCOMM to provide satellite and cellular communications services and asset&nbsp;...Orbcomm chosen to support VA transport system - Seeking Alpha'
p1
aS'ORBCOMM Opens Largest Software Development Centre In Hyderabad NDTV - 18 hours ago Hyderabad: ORBCOMM Inc., a global provider of Machine-to-Machine  and Internet of Things  solutions, has moved its India operations to a new technology centre of excellence for software application development and Tier One customer care in&nbsp;...Orbcomm sets up CoE in city - Times of IndiaORBCOMM Opens Software Development Center In Hyderabad - Andhrawishesh '
p2
aS'Why ORBCOMM Inc. Gained 16% in March Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2016 So what: March started out quietly enough, and ORBCOMM was actually trailing behind the broader market for most of the month.'
p3
aS'ORBCOMM, Pole Star and Weatherdock Launch Tri-Mode Class B Vessel Tracking ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 ORBCOMM Inc. , a global provider of Machine-to-Machine  and Internet of Things  solutions, today announced that it has collaborated with maritime technology industry leaders Pole Star and Weatherdock to develop Hali, a Class B tri-mode&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'ORBCOMM Inc.  to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell GlobeNewswire  - Nov 2, 2016 ORBCOMM Inc. , a leading global provider of Machine-to-Machine  and Internet of Things  solutions, will visit the Nasdaq MarketSite in Times Square in celebration of its 10th listing anniversary. In honor of the occasion, Marc&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'ORBCOMM to Host Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results Conference Call Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 ORBCOMM Inc. , a global provider of Machine-to-Machine  and Internet of Things  solutions, today announced that its senior management team will host a conference call to review results of its fourth quarter and full year ended December&nbsp;...ORBCOMM Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p6
aS'Orbcomm: Devices + Network + Apps = Internet Of Things Seeking Alpha - Aug 31, 2016 Orbcomm has a long history dating back to its origins as Orbital Sciences Inc. in 1993 and has operated a satellite network since 2000.'
p7
aS'JB Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Selects ORBCOMM for End-to-End, Fleet-Wide ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc.  has chosen ORBCOMM Inc. , a leading global provider of Machine-to-Machine and Internet of Things communication solutions, to equip its 90,000-plus intermodal and over-the-road  trailing fleets with&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'ORBCOMM Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 24 Equities.com - Feb 24, 2017 ORBCOMM Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 24, as the stock lost 0.73% to close at $8.12. On the day, ORBCOMM Inc. saw 838,984 shares trade hands on 5,899 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume of 421,833&nbsp;...ORBCOMM Inc.  Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday - BBNS'
p9
aS"Orbcomm's delighted with Verizon's IoT valuation but plays down AIS wins SpaceNews - Aug 5, 2016 PARIS - Satellite machine-to-machine and Internet of Things services provider Orbcomm Inc. on Aug. 4 reported double-digit increases in quarterly revenue and gross profit and said its recent agreement with a Chinese conglomerate could open a vast new&nbsp;..."
p10
a.