(lp0
S"Can Oracle Keep Up Its Cloud Revenue Growth In The Third Quarter? Benzinga - Mar 15, 2017 It's a generally a quiet time of the year for earnings and a lot of focus is on The Fed's March meeting, but tech heavyweight Oracle Corporation  earnings come out after market close today. Going into earnings, Oracle's stock price is up a ...Market Challenge: Oracle Delivers - Seeking AlphaThursday's Market Insights: GoPro Inc , Oracle Corporation  - Smarter Analyst"
p1
aS"Oracle: Now Is The Time To Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Oracle's total cloud business has reached the $5 billion mark; the company now sells more cloud apps than Salesforce.Sharp Pullback for Oracle Corporation  Following Fiscal 3Q Results ... - Smrt Stck NwsOracle Could Run Away with $50.8 Billion in Enterprise Spending - Market Realist"
p2
aS'Oracle Launches Retail Merchandising Solution Over the Cloud Yahoo Finance - 11 hours ago Oracle Corporation ORCL has recently announced the availability of its Oracle Retail Merchandising Solutions over its cloud platform - Oracle Cloud.Oracle Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.comTraders Recap: Oracle Corporation  - Post Registrar'
p3
aS'Oracle: Same Program, Same Station, Different Time Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Oracle reported the results of its fiscal Q3 last evening. The results were a beat on earnings and a small miss on revenues.Oracle Dominates ERP Market; Netsuite, Cloud Key Catalysts - Yahoo Finance'
p4
aS"Oracle Corporation performed Poor with a change of -0.86% in the Last Trade Free Observer - 18 hours ago If you look at the company's income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, ORCL earned gross profit of 31.04 Billion, in 2015 30.69 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Oracle ...What Are Analysts Report About Vonage Holdings Corporation  - News Oracle"
p5
aS"Why Oracle Corporation  Could Acquire Salesforce.com, Inc  BNL Finance    - Mar 18, 2017 With a market capitalization of near $60 billion, Salesforce.com  might look too big to absorb for a company like Oracle Corporation . However, Oracle's $200 billion market capitalization and near $20 billion in cash &amp; equivalents&nbsp;...What are Analyst's Indicators for Oracle Corporation , Intel Corporation ... - The USA CommerceReliable stocks in today's share market: Oracle Corporation  - The News Journal"
p6
aS'Oracle Corporation  Heffx Technical Analysis Live Trading News - Mar 17, 2017 A big black candle occurred. This is bearish, as prices closed significantly lower than they opened. If the candle appears when prices are high, it may be the first sign of a top.'
p7
aS"Oracle Makes New All-Time High Benzinga - Mar 16, 2017 Oracle Corporation  shares are trading higher by $3.68  at $46.73 in Thursday's session. The catalyst for the rally is a Q4 EPS beat along with a $400 million beat for revenues."
p8
aS'Oracle Earnings Preview: All About The Cloud Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 SaaS and PaaS gross margins expanded by a whopping 18 percentage points YOY to 61% last quarter, and helped to finally stabilize total company op margins. Profitability in cloud  seems to be heading in&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Thursday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. , Oracle Corporation  and Tesla ... Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 U.S. stock futures are in rally mode this morning, as Wall Street continues to cheer what some are calling a dovish interest rate hike from Federal Reserve."
p10
a.