(lp0
S"Tenax Therapeutics  Offers FY16 Results, Corporate Update StreetInsider.com - Mar 21, 2017 Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on identifying, developing and commercializing products for the critical care market, today announced financial results for the full year ended December 31, 2016 and&nbsp;...Stock Earnings Report: Tenax Therapeutics Inc  - Post RegistrarTenax Therapeutics'  CEO John Kelley on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Is It Time to go for Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. , Unum Group ? StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p2
aS'Tenax Therapeutics Inc  Looks Oversold On Data Miss Insider Financial - Feb 1, 2017 Tenax Therapeutics Inc  is not having a good week. The company just put out data from its lead cardiovascular study, and the data failed to impress.Tenax Therapeutics  Stock: Falls Hard On Disappointing Clinical Data - CNA Finance '
p3
aS'Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 On March 15, 2017, Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  indicating that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the bid price ...The Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  Short Interest Up 33.4% in February - ClickLancashireActive Volume Stock: Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  - Normangee Star'
p4
aS"Tenax Therapeutics to Discuss Year-End 2016 Financial Results and Provide ... Business Wire  - Mar 15, 2017 MORRISVILLE, N.C.----Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on identifying, developing and commercializing products for the critical care market, today announced that the Company will&nbsp;...Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.'s  stock price is now at $0.71 Analysts' mean ... - Hot Stocks PointNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p5
aS'Analytical Guide for Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. , ARRIS International plc ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 Presently Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  stock have an ABR of 1.00. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.'
p6
aS"Tenax Therapeutics Inc  Might Be A Discount Opportunity Ahead Of ... Market Exclusive - Jan 27, 2017 Tenax Therapeutics Inc  is a North Carolina-based biotechnology company focusing on the development of treatments for what is called the critical care market - a subsection of medical care for patients whose illness requires close ...Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.'s  stock price is Currently Worth at $1.81; How ... - Hot Stocks PointTenax Therapeutics, Inc.  1 Year Price Target is set at $9.25 - TopChronicle"
p7
aS"Tenax Therapeutics: Will It Or Won't It? RTT News - Jan 30, 2017 Just 2 more days until the end of this month, and if Tenax Therapeutics Inc.  is able to keep to its deadline, a major catalyst is coming its way."
p8
aS"Tenax Therapeutics Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results and Provides ... Business Wire  - Nov 10, 2016 MORRISVILLE, N.C.----Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on identifying, developing and commercializing products for the critical care market, today announced financial results for the&nbsp;...Tenax Therapeutics'  CEO John Kelley on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'Are Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  Stock Technicals Favorable? USA Commerce Daily - 12 hours ago With all other things going on, Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -72.46 percent in just three months.'
p10
a.