(lp0
S'What is the upside potential for Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.  Cutera, Inc ... Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.'
p1
aS'Mateon Therapeutics to Present at 29th Annual ROTH Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 8, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 08, 2017  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, today&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"OXiGENE Announces Name Change to Mateon Therapeutics GlobeNewswire  - Jun 17, 2016 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., June 17, 2016  -- OXiGENE, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for orphan oncology indications, today announced that it has changed its&nbsp;...OXiGENE  Changes Name to 'Mateon Therapeutics', Ticker 'MATN' - StreetInsider.com"
p3
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Announces Initial Pre-clinical Data on Combination of CA4P ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 13, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Feb. 13, 2017  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, today&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Announces Initial Data from Third Cohort of Phase 1b Study ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 15, 2017  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, today&nbsp;...MATEON THERAPEUTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveMateon Therapeutics Inc  Rating Reiterated by Rodman &amp; Renshaw - BNB Daily '
p5
aS"The Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Receives Buy Rating from Maxim Group Petro Global News 24 - 12 hours ago Maxim Group reissued their buy rating on shares of Mateon Therapeutics Inc  in a research note issued to investors on Thursday.Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.'s  is value at $0.64 per share, noted a price ... - Street Updates"
p6
aS'Stock Update: Reviewing Technical Levels for Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Midway Monitor - 8 hours ago Investors may be looking to compare the current stock price of Mateon Therapeutics Inc  to some of its moving averages.Stock Update: Technicals in View for Mateon Therapeutics Inc  - Rives Journal'
p7
aS'UPDATE -- Mateon Therapeutics to Present New Improved Survival Outcomes for ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 20, 2016 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., June 20, 2016  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , formerly OXiGENE, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Receives Buy Rating from Rodman &amp; Renshaw Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Rodman &amp; Renshaw reissued their buy rating on shares of Mateon Therapeutics Inc  in a research note issued to investors on Monday.Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Given Buy Rating at Rodman &amp; Renshaw - The Cerbat GemMateon Therapeutics Inc  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at HC ... - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'OTC Markets Group Welcomes Mateon Therapeutics to OTCQX PR Newswire  - Dec 8, 2016 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- OTC Markets Group Inc. , operator of financial markets for 10,000 U.S. and global securities, today announced Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting&nbsp;...'
p10
a.