(lp0
S"Pacific Biosciences of California Reports Bigger Loss in Q4 Motley Fool - Feb 2, 2017 Three months ago, Pacific Biosciences of California  surpassed expectations with its third-quarter results. That good news wasn't enough to keep shares from continuing to fall, though.Pacific Biosciences of California's  CEO Mike Hunkapiller on Q4 2016 ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Here's Why Pacific Biosciences of California Is Collapsing Today Motley Fool - Dec 15, 2016 Shares of Pacific Biosciences of California , a small-cap healthcare company focused on genomic sequencing, fell by more than 38% as of 10:40 a.m.PacBio Announces Termination of Agreement with Roche Diagnostics - GlobeNewswire Stock Update : Why Pacific Biosciences of California Shares Are ... - Smarter Analyst"
p2
aS"Why Pacific Biosciences of California Jumped 10.5% in January Motley Fool - Feb 6, 2017 Pacific Biosciences recently reported its fourth-quarter results, which were mixed. On the plus side, product and services revenue jumped by 92% year over year.Cannabinoids' Potential Boosts GW Pharmaceuticals ; UBS Eyeing ... - Galaxy Stocks  "
p3
aS'3 Ways Pacific Biosciences of California Can Rebound in 2017 Motley Fool - Dec 1, 2016 The past year for Pacific Biosciences of California  can be summed up the same way the Grinch has been described: &quot;Stink, stank, stunk!'
p4
aS"Could This Be Why Pacific Biosciences of California Stock Climbed Today? Motley Fool - Jan 3, 2017 Shares of Pacific Biosciences of California , a DNA sequencing equipment specialist, gained about 14.5% in Tuesday's session.GrandOmics Biosciences Expands Investment in PacBio's Sequel Systems for ... - GlobeNewswire Pacific Biosciences Of California  Initiative Receives Additional ... - MMJ Reporter"
p5
aS"Pacific Biosciences of California's Q3 Revenue Soars on Strong Sequencing ... Motley Fool - Nov 3, 2016 It hasn't been a great year so far for Pacific Biosciences of California . Shares of the genetic-sequencing company have dropped more than 35% in 2016.Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial ... - GlobeNewswire Pacific Biosciences of California's  CEO Mike Hunkapiller on Q3 2016 ... - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"Pacific Biosciences of California Pushing Toward Sustainable Growth Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 First-quarter 2016 earnings from gene sequencer Pacific Biosciences of California  were released after the market closed on Thursday, and the company's transition to sustainable long-term viability continued.PacBio Q1 Revenues Climb 8 Percent - GenomeWeb"
p7
aS'Biotech Premarket Movers: Pacific Biosciences of California, AMAG, Global ... TheStreet.com - Feb 14, 2017 Shares of Pacific Biosciences of California  were up 5.1% to $5.34 in premarket trading on Tuesday. The Menlo Park, Calif.Stocks to Lookout for: Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. (NASDAQ:PACB ... - The Newburgh PressWhat do Analysts Say about: Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc.  - News Oracle'
p8
aS'Pacific Biosciences: A Small Cap Gem in the Genomics Market Motley Fool - Feb 1, 2017 Pacific Biosciences of California develops and manufactures genome sequencing machines which utilize their proprietary Single Molecule, Real Time  sequencing technology.'
p9
aS'Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc.  Buckles Under The Trend ... Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago We see here that Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc.  is -3.53% away from the 20-Day Simple Moving Average.Breaking Down: Pacific Biosciences of California Inc  Stock Drop ... - CML News'
p10
a.