(lp0
S'Relative Strength Alert For Penske Automotive Group Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 In the case of Penske Automotive Group Inc, the RSI reading has hit 27.7 - by comparison, the universe of dividend stocks covered by Dividend Channel currently has an average RSI of 49.9.'
p1
aS'Penske Automotive Group Donates More Than $1 Million to Paralyzed Veterans of ... PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.,  headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, is an international transportation services company that operates automotive and commercial truck dealerships principally in the United States, Western Europe and&nbsp;...The Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Position Raised by AQR Capital ... - Petro Global News 24Stock Returns: Asbury Automotive Group Inc  versus Penske Automotive ... - CML News'
p2
aS"Is Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Stock  Suitable for Value Investors? Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p3
aS'Investor Update: Checking on Shares of Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Rives Journal - 9 hours ago Looking at shares of Penske Automotive Group, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 9186943. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p4
aS'Penske Automotive acquires JLR dealerships in New Jersey Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Penske Automotive Group  announces that it acquired the Jaguar and Land Rover dealerships in Paramus, New Jersey from the Prestige Family of Fine Cars for an undisclosed amount.'
p5
aS"Penske Automotive Signs Agreement To Acquire CarSense PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 Statements in this press release may involve forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements regarding Penske Automotive Group, Inc.'s consummation of the transaction and its future sales and earnings potential. Actual results may vary&nbsp;...Penske acquires used-only dealership group - Automotive News  "
p6
aS'Stock Alert: Penske Automotive Group Inc Realized Volatility Hits A ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Penske Automotive Group Inc  has seen its stock price move at a deteriorated level.'
p7
aS"Penske Automotive Acquires Jaguar And Land Rover Dealerships In Paramus, New ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 These new dealerships enhance the company's existing portfolio and bring additional scale in the New Jersey/New York metropolitan area to our business.Penske Automotive acquires Jaguar, Land Rover dealerships in New Jersey - Crain's Detroit BusinessAristotle Capital Management LLC Sells 295 Shares of Penske Automotive Group ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p8
aS"Stars Align For Penske Automotive's Expansion Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 In both expanding and diversifying its global footprint, Penske Automotive also acquired a 49% stake in Nicole Group, which operates the premier luxury brand dealership in and around Tokyo, Japan. Additionally, Penske Automotive increased its stake in ..."
p9
aS'Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 15 ... Nasdaq - Feb 14, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.3 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 01, 2017.Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Issued By Seaport ... - Community Financial News'
p10
a.