(lp0
S"Stock Survey: Viewing Levels for Paychex, Inc.  Sherwood Daily - 10 hours ago Paychex, Inc.  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 5. Piotroski's F-Score uses nine tests based on company financial statements."
p1
aS"The Paychex, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Paychex, Inc. 's stock had its sell rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a report issued on Tuesday.Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Paychex, Inc. , Expedia, Inc.  - The USA CommercePaychex, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC - BBNS"
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Paychex Inc  is Beating Xerox Corporation  CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Paychex Inc  versus Xerox Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p3
aS"Paychex Named a World's Most Ethical Company by the Ethisphere Institute for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 ROCHESTER, NY-- - Paychex, Inc., a leading provider of integrated human capital management solutions for payroll, HR, retirement, and insurance services, has again been recognized by the Ethisphere Institute, a global&nbsp;...Paychex named a 2017 World's Most Ethical Company - Rochester Business Journal"
p4
aS'Stock Returns: FleetCor Technologies Inc  versus Paychex Inc (NASDAQ ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for FleetCor Technologies Inc  versus Paychex Inc  .'
p5
aS"Here's how things could really go for Paychex, Inc.  and Nucor ... USA Commerce Daily - 20 hours ago Shares of Paychex, Inc.  are on a recovery track as they have regained 23.66% since bottoming out at $51.06 on May."
p6
aS'Paychex Partners on Fiduciary Investment Solutions for Plan Sponsors Planadviser.com - Mar 20, 2017 Paychex, Inc. has expanded its portfolio of partners and solutions that provide investment and administrative fiduciary protection to 401 plan sponsors.'
p7
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: Paychex, Inc. , Simon Property Group ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Paychex, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 38.91 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 10.82&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Checking Out the Fundamental Data for Paychex, Inc.  The Finance Registrar - 17 hours ago Paychex, Inc.  is an interesting stock at present. Now trading with a market value of 22.13B, the company has a mix of catalysts and obstacles that spring from the nature of its operations.'
p9
aS'Paychex, Inc.  Position Raised by Franklin Resources Inc. BNB Daily  - Mar 15, 2017 Paychex logo Franklin Resources Inc. raised its position in shares of Paychex, Inc.  by 45.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p10
a.