(lp0
S'BRIEF-Pathfinder Bancorp announces promotion of James Dowd to EVP, COO/CFO of ... Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of james a. Dowd to executive vice president, coo/cfo of pathfinder bank. * Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of ronald a. Tascarella to executive vice president, chief credit officer of ...'
p1
aS'Dowd Named Executive Vice President, C00/CFO at Pathfinder Bank Oswego Daily News - Mar 17, 2017 Pathfinder Bank is a New York State chartered commercial bank headquartered in Oswego, whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.'
p2
aS"Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.  Reaches $14.50 After 9.00% Gap Down; Mosys ... NormanObserver.com - 10 hours ago The stock of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.  gapped down by $0.14 today and has $13.20 target or 9.00% below today's $14.50 share price."
p3
aS'Adam C. Gagas Elected to Pathfinder Bank Board of Directors Marketwired  - Mar 31, 2014 Pathfinder Bank is a New York State chartered savings bank headquartered in Oswego, whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.'
p4
aS'BRIEF-Armada Hoffler Properties Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to ... Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 BRIEF-Armada Hoffler Properties Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $400 mln. March 17 Armada Hoffler Properties Inc: * Armada Hoffler ... Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of james a. Dowd to executive vice president, coo/cfo of ...'
p5
aS'BRIEF-Nutanix says entered memorandum of understanding with Flextronics ... Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 BRIEF-Pathfinder Bancorp announces promotion of James Dowd to EVP, COO/CFO of Pathfinder Bank. * Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of james a. Dowd to executive vice president, coo/cfo of pathfinder bank&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'BRIEF-Akelius buys 102 apartments in Stockholm Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 BRIEF-Pathfinder Bancorp announces promotion of James Dowd to EVP, COO/CFO of Pathfinder Bank. * Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of james a. Dowd to executive vice president, coo/cfo of pathfinder bank&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Rosneft trading arm given access to Russia's Urals oil futures Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 MOSCOW Feb 8 Rosneft Trading S.A, the trading arm of Russia's largest oil producer Rosneft, has been allowed to take part in trading in Urals crude futures on a Russian commodity exchange, the exchange said on Wednesday."
p8
aS"Chris Burritt Named Chairman of Pathfinder Bank Board Oswego County Business Magazine - Jan 7, 2014 The bank's growth and success are attributable to a forward thinking board of directors, president and CEO Tom Schneider's skilled leadership, and the dedication of the Pathfinder family of employees. It is gratifying to know that, as chairman of the ..."
p9
aS'Trump presses Democrats on Obamacare, calls for bipartisan fix Reuters - Jan 5, 2017 WASHINGTON Jan 5 U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump on Thursday kept up his attacks on Democrats and Obamacare while calling for a bipartisan effort in Congress to come up with a healthcare alternative that would lower costs and improve&nbsp;...'
p10
a.