(lp0
S'Linc Global Innovates Returns Process by Using API Technology from Pitney Bowes Business Wire  - Mar 21, 2017 LAS VEGAS----Pitney Bowes Inc. , the global technology leader that provides innovative solutions and services powering anywhere-to-everywhere commerce, today announced at ShopTalk 2017 that Linc Global, a customer&nbsp;...Featured Stock Update: Pitney Bowes Inc.  - HugoPressThe Case for and Against Pitney Bowes Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS'Can Pitney Bowes Inc.  Reinvent Itself? Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 Market observers like to refer to companies involved in mature or dying industries as buggy whip companies. Pitney Bowes  What is commonly overlooked is that many of these companies, despite their old-fashioned brand image and reliance on&nbsp;...Pitney Bowes to Unveil Commerce Complete for Retail Platform - Yahoo FinancePitney Bowes to Unveil Commerce Complete for Retail at Shoptalk - Apparel Magazine'
p2
aS"Pitney Bowes' Data Practice to Boost Digital Transformation Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 In its drive to enable businesses to accelerate their digital transformation initiatives, Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI launched a new data practice that helps leverage data and analytics better.Pitney Bowes and Yellowfin to Jointly Develop Visual Insights - NasdaqPitney Bowes Forms a New Data Practice to Drive Digital Transformation Initiatives - Business Wire "
p3
aS'Pitney Bowes, HP &amp;TagG to Develop Novel IPDS Controller Nasdaq - Feb 22, 2017 Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI has entered into an agreement with TagG and HP to develop a new native IPDS  Controller for the Pitney Bowes IntelliJet and HP PageWide Web Press printing systems.Pitney Bowes Inc.  Rises 2.76% for February 21 - Equities.comPitney Bowes Celebrates 10 Years of Innovation And Physical and Digital ... - Yahoo Finance'
p4
aS"Pitney Bowes' Parcel Sortation Solutions Find Takers in India Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017 Leading global eCommerce solutions provider, Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI recently gained two new clients - Gati Limited and Flipkart - fortifying its emerging parcel sortation business in India.Pitney Bowes Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.comAdore Beauty Goes Global with Pitney Bowes - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Why Pitney Bowes  Could Be Positioned for a Slump Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p6
aS'Stocks Trend Analysis Corning Incorporated , Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE ... Daily News Journal - 16 hours ago On Tuesday, Corning Incorporated  stock opened its trade at $27.41 and after floating in a range of $26.79 to $27.68, settled at $26.87.'
p7
aS'Average Brokerage Rating Of Pitney Bowes Inc. , Windstream Holdings, Inc ... The USA Commerce - Mar 21, 2017 Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date. Pitney Bowes Inc.  share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $20.80.Traders Recap: Ally Financial Inc.  , Pitney Bowes Inc.  - NYSE Journal '
p8
aS'Market Check: Narrowing in on Shares of Pitney Bowes Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 15 hours ago Pitney Bowes Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.72868. The six month price index is simply measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p9
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: NiSource Inc. , Pitney Bowes Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 While trading at volume below than average, Pitney Bowes Inc.  previous 52-week high was $20.80 and moved down -31.33% over the same period, trading at a volume of 2.42 million.Stock On the Run: Pitney Bowes Inc.  - HugoPress"
p10
a.