(lp0
S'David Evanier Tablet Magazine - Mar 22, 2017 The group, based in Harlem and in Long Island City, offers computer tutoring, substance-abuse treatment, cooking classes, job-readiness preparation, remedial education, father- and motherhood programs, mental-health services, and employment. The ...'
p1
aS"Why we need an outsider like Betsy DeVos as education secretary New York Post - Jan 31, 2017 Some people complain that President Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, would be quite unlike her predecessors.Trump education nominee opposed by special ed advocates - USA TODAY"
p2
aS"Daily Digest Memphis Daily News - 10 hours ago The location is First Tennessee's 11th HOPE Inside location across its footprint and is part of the bank's ongoing partnership with Operation HOPE to help people increase their credit scores and improve their money management skills. The services are ..."
p3
aS'This Army Veteran Wanted to Become a Video Game Animator Slate Magazine - Jul 20, 2016 But the New England Institute of Art is, in fact, another for-profit college, this one part of the Art Institutes chain owned by Education Management Corporation, or EDMC, which, in turn, is 41-percent owned by the giant Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.'
p4
aS'Business People: Sunday, March 19 TwinCities.com-Pioneer Press - Mar 18, 2017 Life insurance company GWG Holdings, Minneapolis, announced that co-founder and Chairman Paul Siegert is retiring; co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Jon Sabes will serve as chairman and Mark Schwarzmann, former chairman and chief executive ...'
p5
aS"Baidu Chief Scientist Ng to Depart in Setback for AI Push Bloomberg - Mar 22, 2017 The chief scientist helping drive Baidu Inc.'s push into artificial intelligence is quitting the Chinese search giant, putting at risk its efforts to put AI at the center of a business revival."
p6
aS'Meet the company picking up the pieces  of Career Point and ITT ... San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 4, 2016 The closure of three for-profit vocational schools operating in San Antonio this year has been a business opportunity for a competitor in the market that was dealing with declining enrollment at its own educational company. That would be National ...'
p7
aS"Questions and conflicts: Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump's secretary of education ... Salon - Jan 17, 2017 Her nomination to lead public education may seem curious, as DeVos has never worked in public education and supports diverting public funds to pay for kids to attend private, religious schools."
p8
aS"March 13, 2017 People Page The Exponent Telegram   - Mar 13, 2017 KINGSPORT, TENNESSEE - Alpha Natural Resources Holdings Inc. and ANR Inc. announced safety performance for 2016, with five partnering operations in West Virginia honored for safety achievements by the West Virginia Office of Miners' Health Safety&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Siri and Alexa Are Fighting to Be Your Hotel Butler Bloomberg - 20 hours ago Amazon.com Inc.'s battle with Apple Inc. over digital assistants is moving to a new venue: hotel rooms, where Alexa and Siri are both vying to be the voice-controlled platform of choice for travelers."
p10
a.