(lp0
S"Noteworthy movements of Stock: Perry Ellis International, Inc.'s  share ... Street Updates - Jan 12, 2017 Perry Ellis International, Inc.  , a stock from Textile - Apparel Clothing Industry, has a value of $23.92 per share, noted a price change of 2.71% in recent trade close."
p1
aS"Perry Ellis International Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal 2017 Results GlobeNewswire  - 19 hours ago Perry Ellis International, Inc. is a leading designer, distributor and licensor of a broad line of high quality men's and women's apparel, accessories and fragrances.Perry Ellis International Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary - CML News"
p2
aS"Perry Ellis International's  CEO Oscar Feldenkreis on Q4 2017 Results ... Seeking Alpha - 10 hours ago Joining us today for this call from Perry Ellis are George Feldenkreis, Executive Chairman of the company; Oscar Feldenkreis, Chief Executive Officer and President; and David Brettner, Chief Financial Officer; and Anita Britt who is assisting with the ...Does Perry Ellis International Inc's  Low Debt-Load Make It Financially ... - Simply Wall StPERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS'Perry Ellis International, Inc.  Issues FY18 Earnings Guidance The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago Perry Ellis International logo Perry Ellis International, Inc.  issued an update on its FY18 earnings guidance on Wednesday morning.Perry Ellis International Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.comPerry Ellis International, Inc.  Announces Earnings Results, Beats ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS"Perry Ellis International Announces Men's, Women's and Children's Watch ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 7, 2017 The Perry Ellis brand offers a full lifestyle sportswear collection: suit separates, mix and match shirts, trousers, knits, sweaters, outerwear and accessories.The Perry Ellis International Inc.  Given Consensus Recommendation of ... - DailyQuintMean Price Target Of Perry Ellis International Inc.  At $28.00 - Equities Focus"
p5
aS'Perry Ellis International Announces New License for Handbags and Accessories ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 16, 2017 MIAMI, Feb. 16, 2017  --  - Perry Ellis International, Inc. announced today it has entered into a license agreement with Roffe Accessories, Inc. granting rights to design and distribute handbags, small leather goods, cold&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Perry Ellis International to Attend the Sidoti &amp; Company Spring 2017 Convention Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 MIAMI, March 15, 2017  -- Perry Ellis International, Inc.  announced today that the company will attend the Sidoti &amp; Company Spring 2017 Convention on March 29th, 2017 at the New York Marriott Marquis at Times Square in New&nbsp;...Perry Ellis International, Inc.  Position Boosted by Two Sigma ... - BNB Daily '
p7
aS'Perry Ellis International Names David Rattner as Chief Financial Officer GlobeNewswire  - Feb 6, 2017 MIAMI, Feb. 06, 2017  -- Perry Ellis International, Inc.  announced today the appointment of David Rattner as Chief Financial Officer of Perry Ellis International, Inc., reporting to Oscar Feldenkreis, CEO &amp; President of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Perry Ellis International: The Stock Returned 35% In Last 1 Year And Still It ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 Perry Ellis International  is one of such companies that also observed a challenging business environment in last few years.'
p9
aS'Perry Ellis International Continues to Expand Nike Swim Distribution in Europe GlobeNewswire  - Jan 25, 2017 MIAMI, Jan. 25, 2017  -- Perry Ellis International, Inc.  announced today it has entered into Nike Swim distribution agreements in Europe with Action Sports Sportartikel GmbH Group for Germany, Austria, Switzerland,&nbsp;...Perry Ellis expands Nike Swim distribution in Europe - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.