(lp0
S"PERMA-FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC  Files An 8-K Results of ... Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. is an environmental and environmental technology know-how company. It operates in three segments: The Treatment Segment , the Services Segment  and the Medical Segment .Perma-Fix Environmental Services'  CEO Lou Centofanti on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking AlphaIs Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  Finding its Groove? - Business Review"
p1
aS'Perma-Fix Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call Marketwired  - Mar 20, 2017 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that it will host a conference call at 11:00 AM ET on Wednesday, March 22, 2017.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS'Decision Time: Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  Stock ... CML News - 17 hours ago Decision Time: Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p3
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Announces Letter of Intent for Certain ... Marketwired  - Oct 14, 2016 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that it has entered into a letter of intent with a private investor, subject to certain closing and other conditions, for the ...'
p4
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Awarded Key Patent for Its Microporous ... Marketwired  - Sep 8, 2016 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that it has been granted a key patent covering its Microporous Composite Material and its applications in countries that are&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Hires Two Senior Industry Experts Marketwired  - Jan 7, 2015 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced the hiring of two senior industry experts, Jeff Bowers as Vice President of Nuclear Services Performance Assurance &amp; Business&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Perma-Fix Awarded Multi-Million Dollar United Kingdom Contract to Provide ... Marketwired  - Apr 24, 2014 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that its subsidiary Perma-Fix Environmental Services UK Ltd has been awarded a contract initially valued at approximately $2,200,000&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  to Release Quarterly Earnings on ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 18, 2017 Perma-Fix Environmental Services logo Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  is scheduled to announce its earnings results before the market opens on Monday, March 20th.'
p8
aS"Perma-Fix Environmental Services'  CEO Lou Centofanti on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 Greetings, and welcome to the Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc, Third Quarter 2016 Investor Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode."
p9
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental: A Comeback In The Making Seeking Alpha  - Mar 24, 2015 Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc.  is a provider of both nuclear services and the management of nuclear and mixed waste.'
p10
a.