(lp0
S"Here's Why PHH Corporation's Foundation Crumbled on Thursday Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Shares of PHH Corporation , a provider of outsourced mortgage-banking services to financial institutions and real estate brokers in the U.S.PHH Corporation's  CEO Glen Messina on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaPHH Corporation Announces Sale of Certain Assets of PHH Home Loans - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS'PHH Corporation welcomes new SVP Mortgage Professional America - Feb 24, 2017 As we stated during our fourth quarter earnings call, we intend to transition to a capital-light business model comprised of subservicing and portfolio retention services, said Glen A. Messina, president and CEO of PHH Corporation. We are delighted ...'
p2
aS'Stephen Staid Joins PHH Corporation as Senior Vice President, Servicing Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 PHH Corporation   today announced that Stephen Staid has joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Servicing.PHH adds Stephen Staid as senior vice president of servicing - HousingWire'
p3
aS'PHH Corp.  Sells non-GNMA Mortgage Servicing Rights Portfolio to New ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 28, 2016 PHH Corporation  entered into an agreement with New Residential Investment Corp.  for the sale of its entire portfolio of mortgage servicing rights  and related servicing advances, excluding the Ginnie Mae  MSRs&nbsp;...Why Silver Wheaton, Endologix, and PHH Corp. Jumped Today - Motley FoolNew Residential inks MSR purchase deal with PHH Corp. - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS"EJF Capital is Buying Phh Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, PHH Corporation  is a non-bank mortgage originator and servicer of the United States residential mortgage loans.PHH Corporation Comments on EJF Capital's Intention to Nominate Directors - Business Wire PHH Co.  Stake Held by Ejf Capital LLC - Community Financial News"
p5
aS"Option Trading: PHH Corporation  Winning Short Put Spreads Can ... CML News - 20 hours ago We're going to look at a wonderful result using short put spreads for PHH Corporation by pinpointing earnings risk, and then navigating around it."
p6
aS"Trump Administration Files Brief in PHH Corp. v. CFPB Lexology  - Mar 17, 2017 On March 17, the Trump Administration's Department of Justice  filed its amicus brief in the D.C. Circuit's en banc review of the CFPB's enforcement action against PHH Corporation for alleged violations of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures ...In major reversal, US sides with PHH, calls CFPB structure unconstitutional - HousingWireWhat happens when the Justice Department files a brief against a federal agency? - Washington Post"
p7
aS'PHH Corp. appoints SVP, servicing NJBIZ - Feb 22, 2017 Mount Laurel-based PHH Corp. announced Tuesday that Stephen Staid has been appointed senior vice president, servicing. Staid is succeeding Marty Foster, who is retiring from his post after 20 years of service.PHH Corp  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comBrokers Issue New Targets On PHH Corp  - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Clifton Bancorp Inc  is Beating PHH Corporation ... CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus PHH Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Moving Average Crossover Alert: PHH  March 08, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 8, 2017 PHH Corporation  could be a stock to avoid from a technical perspective, as the firm is seeing unfavorable trends on the moving average crossover front.'
p10
a.