(lp0
S'Piper Jaffray Companies  Plunges 5.8% on March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Piper Jaffray Companies  had a rough trading day for Tuesday March 21 as shares tumbled 5.8%, or a loss of $-3.9 per share, to close at $63.35.'
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Apple ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Overweight rating on Apple  with a price target of $155.00. There are 1 sell rating, 8 hold ratings, 37 buy ratings, 2 strong buy ratings on the stock.The Apple Inc.  Given Overweight Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Piper Jaffray and Kepler Cheuvreux Announce Exclusive Equity Research ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Piper Jaffray Companies , a leading investment bank and asset management firm and Kepler Cheuvreux, a leading independent European broker, are pleased to announce their entry into a strategic partnership effective today.Piper Jaffray And Kepler Cheuvreux Announce Equity Research Distribution Deal - Nasdaq'
p3
aS'Piper Jaffray Names Ted Christianson Partner in Merchant Banking Group Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Piper Jaffray Companies , a leading investment bank and asset management firm, is pleased to announce the appointment of Ted Christianson as partner in the merchant banking group.Piper Jaffray Companies  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comSimmons &amp; Company International, Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray to Host ... - Business Wire '
p4
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Aimmune ... Market Exclusive - 17 hours ago Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc., formerly Allergen Research Corporation, is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a therapeutic approach, including the development of product candidates, for the treatment of peanut and other food allergies.'
p5
aS'Analyst Downgrades  TrovaGene  Stock Gets Downgraded By Piper ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Today, TrovaGene  stock was downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies from Neutral to Underweight. There are 1 sell rating, 3 hold ratings, 2 buy ratings on the stock.The TrovaGene Inc  Lowered to Underweight at Piper Jaffray Companies - Petro Global News 24TrovaGene Inc  Downgraded to Underweight at Piper Jaffray Companies - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS"Pandora Media Inc  Receives Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies The Cerbat Gem - 15 hours ago Pandora Media logo Pandora Media Inc 's stock had its overweight rating reissued by research analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies in a report released on Wednesday. They presently have a $18.00 target price on the Internet radio service's stock."
p7
aS"IHS Markit Ltd  Given Overweight Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies Chaffey Breeze - 13 hours ago Piper Jaffray Companies reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of IHS Markit Ltd  in a research note published on Tuesday.The IHS Markit's  Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies - Petro Global News 24IHS Markit's  Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies - Sports Perspectives"
p8
aS'Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Piper Jaffray ... Sports Perspectives - 6 hours ago Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc  was downgraded by stock analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.Piper Jaffray Companies downgraded Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (NASDAQ:RARE ... - Breaking Finance News'
p9
aS'The Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Coach Inc  a $43.00 Price Target Petro Global News 24 - 3 hours ago Coach Inc  has been assigned a $43.00 price target by equities research analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies in a report issued on Monday.Coach Inc  Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.