(lp0
S'Park Electrochemical Corp. Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Park Electrochemical Corp.  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p1
aS'Price Alert: Park Electrochemical Corp.  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 Price Alert: Park Electrochemical Corp.  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p2
aS'Park Electrochemical Corp. Announces Appointment of Steve Pittari as Vice ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 14, 2016 MELVILLE, N.Y., June 14, 2016  -- Park Electrochemical Corp.  announced the appointment of Steve Pittari as Vice President of Program Management, Aerospace.'
p3
aS'Park Electrochemical Corp. Announces Election of Matthew Farabaugh as Senior ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 11, 2016 MELVILLE, N.Y., March 11, 2016  -- Park Electrochemical Corp.  announced the election of Matthew Farabaugh as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.'
p4
aS'Park Electrochemical Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - 8 hours ago Park Electrochemical Corporation has a P/B ratio of 2.04. It also has a P/E ratio of 32.3. Park Electrochemical Corp develops, manufactures, markets and sells digital and radio frequency microwave printed circuit materials products for the ...'
p5
aS'Park Electrochemical Corp. Announces Appointment of John Andresakis as ... Business Wire  - May 5, 2015 NEW YORK----Park Electrochemical Corp.  announced that John Andresakis has been appointed to the position of Director of Technical Marketing for the Company.'
p6
aS'GE stall, Asian slump nip Park Electrochemical Innovate Long Island - Jul 6, 2016 ... net sales and earnings for Park Electrochemical Corp. - though an international aerospace rebound may have the Melville manufacturer regaining altitude soon.'
p7
aS'Park Electrochemical Corp. Announces Appointment of Mark Esquivel as Vice ... Business Wire  - Apr 8, 2015 MELVILLE, N.Y.----Park Electrochemical Corp.  announced the appointment of Mark Esquivel as Vice President-Aerospace of the Company.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: CTS Corporation  versus Park Electrochemical Corp ... CML News - Feb 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for CTS Corporation  versus Park Electrochemical Corp.  .'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: KEMET Corporation  is Beating Park Electrochemical ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for KEMET Corporation  versus Park Electrochemical Corp.  .Park Electrochemical Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p10
a.