(lp0
S"Why PMC-Sierra Inc. Jumped Monday Motley Fool - Oct 19, 2015 The semiconductor designer was lifted by a fresh buyout bid from industry rival Microsemi , setting PMC-Sierra up for a bidding war. So what: Microsemi's acquisition offer is priced at $11.50 per PMC-Sierra share, with 76% of the price to ...Microsemi Corporation Announces Superior Proposal to Acquire PMC-Sierra, Inc ... - PR Newswire PMC-Sierra  Stock Jumps on Microsemi's $2.4 Billion Bid - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS"Microsemi Corporation Completes Acquisition of PMC-Sierra, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 15, 2016 The forward-looking statements in this release address a variety of subjects including, for example, statements regarding the potential benefits  of Microsemi's acquisition of PMC-Sierra Inc ...Microsemi  Completes PMC-Sierra Acquisition - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS'Why PMC-Sierra Inc. Jumped 33% Tuesday Motley Fool - Oct 6, 2015 What: Shares of PMC-Sierra  soared 33% higher on Tuesday morning, following a confirmed buyout bid from fellow semiconductor maker Skyworks Solutions .Skyworks Agrees to Buy PMC-Sierra for $2 Billion in Cash - Bloomberg'
p3
aS'Microsemi Corporation Enters Definitive Agreement to Acquire PMC-Sierra, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 24, 2015 ALISO VIEJO, Calif. and SUNNYVALE, Calif., Nov. 24, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, and PMC-Sierra, Inc. &nbsp;...Microsemi to Buy PMC-Sierra In Deal Valued at About $2.5 Billion - BloombergMicrosemi Wins Battle to Buy PMC-Sierra - Wall Street Journal'
p4
aS'Microsemi Corporation Commences Exchange Offer to Acquire PMC-Sierra, Inc. PR Newswire  - Dec 16, 2015 ALISO VIEJO, Calif., Dec. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsemi Corporation , a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, today announced that it commenced an exchange offer&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'PMC-Sierra Said to Hire Financial Adviser to Seek Sale Bloomberg - Oct 1, 2015 Chipmaker PMC-Sierra Inc. has hired a financial adviser to seek a sale of the company, according to people familiar with the matter.'
p6
aS'Microsemi completes acquisition of PMC-Sierra Semiconductor Today - Jan 18, 2016 Microsemi Corp of Aliso Viejo, CA, USA  says that its subsidiary Lois Acquisition Corp has now merged with and into PMC-Sierra Inc of Sunnyvale, CA, USA (which&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Microsemi Says PMC-Sierra Board Recommends Its Raised Bid Bloomberg - Nov 19, 2015 Microsemi Corp. said its raised offer to buy PMC-Sierra Inc. for $2.3 billion was deemed superior by the target's board, after a weeks-long bidding war with Skyworks Solutions Inc. for the maker of semiconductors for network drives.Skyworks and Microsemi Compete to Acquire PMC-Sierra - Market Realist"
p8
aS"Microsemi says PMC-Sierra prefers its bid to Skyworks pact MarketWatch - Nov 10, 2015 Microsemi Corp. said Tuesday that PMC-Sierra Inc. has declared its latest acquisition proposal is superior to PMC's agreement with Skyworks Solutions Inc., continuing the dueling negotiations between the semiconductor companies."
p9
aS'Exclusive: PMC-Sierra has held talks with potential buyers: sources Reuters - Apr 4, 2012 NEW YORK U.S. chipmaker PMC-Sierra Inc PMCS.O, under pressure from an activist investor, has held discussions with potential buyers in recent months, according to two people with knowledge of the matter.'
p10
a.