(lp0
S"Pinnacle Entertainment is trading at its 52-week high. Here's what you should ... Seeking Alpha - 9 hours ago Pinnacle Entertainment Inc  is a U.S.-based company that owns and operates 16 gaming properties in Ohio, Colorado, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, and Pennsylvania."
p1
aS"Why Shares of Pinnacle Entertainment Inc. Were Down Last Month Motley Fool - May 5, 2016 What: If you checked your brokerage account at the beginning of May, you may have been surprised to see shares of Pinnacle Entertainment Inc.  down 69% from a month earlier. Don't worry, the company didn't fall apart, but it did make a&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Pinnacle Entertainment Inc.  Breaks into New 52-Week High on March 20 Session Equities.com - Mar 20, 2017 Shares of Pinnacle Entertainment Inc.  broke into a new 52-week high yesterday, hitting a peak of $18.83. Shares closed at $18.29 after opening at $18.62 for a move of -1.3%.Comerica Bank Takes Position in Pinnacle Entertainment Inc  - BNB Daily Significant Buzzer of Recent Trading Period: Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc ... - Is stories'
p3
aS'Pinnacle Entertainment Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Pinnacle Entertainment Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.15% to close at $18.53.Pinnacle Entertainment Inc  Receives $20.43 Average Target Price from ... - The Cerbat GemPEG Ratio Of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.  At -0.69 - Equities Focus'
p4
aS'PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 On March 1, 2017, the Board of Directors of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc., a Delaware corporation , elected Ron Huberman to the Board of Directors.'
p5
aS"Why Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc and Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc Jumped ... Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.Pinnacle Entertainment  Stock Jumps After Real Estate Acquisition Offer - TheStreet.comGaming and Leisure Properties Offers to Enhance Pinnacle Entertainment's ... - GlobeNewswire "
p6
aS'Analyzing Pinnacle Entertainment Post Spin-Off Seeking Alpha - Apr 22, 2016 Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.  is a gaming company which owns and operates various casino and entertainment properties throughout regions of the U.S.'
p7
aS"African-American alleges disparate treatment while employed by Pinnacle ... The Louisiana Record - Mar 9, 2017 Daja Nathan filed a complaint on March 2 in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana against Pinnacle Entertainment Inc., doing business as L'Auberge Casino and Hotel Baton Rouge, alleging violation of the Title VII of the Civil ..."
p8
aS"Pinnacle Entertainment Receives Final Regulatory Approval Needed to Complete ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 7, 2016 LAS VEGAS, Sept. 07, 2016  -- Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.   announced today the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board  approved the Company's previously announced acquisition&nbsp;...Washington County's The Meadows changes ownership - Pittsburgh Post-GazetteNew operator, owner take over at The Meadows - Observer-Reporter"
p9
aS"Pinnacle Entertainment's Louisiana L'Auberge Properties Awarded Prestigious ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 1, 2017 Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. owns and operates 16 gaming entertainment businesses, located in Colorado, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio and Pennsylvania."
p10
a.