(lp0
S'Why Did Panera Bread Company Shares Gain 12% in February? Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 In a struggling environment for restaurants, Panera Bread  has been a rare success story. The company has successfully gown its sales, carving out a niche pushing &quot;clean&quot; food, and being technologically forward.The Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Position in Panera Bread Co  - Petro Global News 24Stock Returns: Darden Restaurants Inc  versus Panera Bread Company ... - CML News'
p1
aS"Panera Bread Rises Higher on Solid Growth, Optimistic Outlook Motley Fool - Feb 7, 2017 Panera's actual results were better than some had expected, and the company believes that 2017 could bring the fruits of its efforts to drive innovation and efficiency forward.Panera Bread Co. Reports 1% Advance In Q4 Earnings - NasdaqPanera Bread Jumps on Q4 Earnings Beat, Revenue Miss - Zacks.com"
p2
aS"PNRA Stock: 4 Reasons to Buy Panera Bread Co U.S. News & World Report - Sep 9, 2016 To back up his proclamation, Shaich's company will not use artificial ingredients and sweeteners in its meals; nor will it attempt marketing gimmicks, like toys, that target children, instead offering sides like fruit and veggies.Panera Bread Has Found a Recipe for Renewed Growth - Barron's"
p3
aS"Panera expanding home delivery to St. Louis Bread Co. customers STLtoday.com - Feb 1, 2017 St. Louis Bread Co. will slowly add delivery at individual restaurants in the coming weeks, Panera's president, Blaine Hurst, told the Post-Dispatch."
p4
aS"Norges Bank Takes Position in Panera Bread Co  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Panera Bread logo Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Panera Bread Co  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Panera Bread's Tech Obsession Is Paying Off - Motley FoolTrading Sheet: Watching the Numbers for Panera Bread Company  - Rives Journal"
p5
aS"Panera Bread  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 26, 2016 Please refer to our investor website at panerabread.com to find the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures reference in today's call.Panera Bread Co  Stock Pops on Q3 Earnings Beat - Investorplace.comPanera Bread Co Shares Surge 6% as Q3 Earnings Top Estimates - ETF Daily News "
p6
aS'After West Michigan success, Panera Bread to offer delivery nationwide MLive.com - Mar 14, 2017 GRAND RAPIDS, MI - Following a successful run in West Michigan, Panera Bread has announced a plan to offer delivery service nationwide.Panera Bread to roll out delivery in Knoxville - Knoxville News Sentinel'
p7
aS'Panera Bread: The Industry Outperformer Seeking Alpha - Nov 7, 2016 Panera is one of the &quot;oldest&quot; and most developed fast casual restaurants. The company runs bakery caf concept with balanced menu, ranging from salads through soups to sandwiches.'
p8
aS'Panera launches animal welfare initiative focused on chickens St. Louis Business Journal - Dec 20, 2016 Panera Bread Co. is planning to launch an industry-wide initiative focused on the welfare of broiler chickens. The bakery-cafe chain plans to work with animal welfare experts, growers and suppliers - as well as competitors in the industry - to ...Panera Bread Co.  Downgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Panera Bread Co  Pushes Higher into Overbought RSI Range Business Review - 18 hours ago Panera Bread Co  has a current 14-day RSI of 73.25, indicating that the shares have entered into overbought range. RSI is a momentum oscillator that moves in a range from 0 to 100.'
p10
a.