(lp0
S'PPG Increases Its Offer For Akzo Nobel Seeking Alpha - 14 hours ago PPG Industries  has made a revised offer for Akzo Nobel . This one amounts to 57.50 cash and 0.331 shares, compared with its previous bid, announced on March 8, of 54 in cash and 0.33 shares.Elliott Threatens to Force Akzo Nobel to Engage With PPG - Wall Street Journal PPG Said to Prepare New Akzo Bid After $22.4 Billion Failed - Bloomberg'
p1
aS"PPG Industries Said to Explore Possible Deal With Akzo Nobel Bloomberg - Mar 8, 2017 PPG Industries Inc., the world's largest coatings company, is exploring a potential deal with Dutch rival Akzo Nobel NV, according to people familiar with the matter.Akzo Nobel rejects $22 billion PPG bid, looks to spin off chemicals - ReutersPPG Makes Preliminary Offer For Akzo Nobel - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"PPG Industries, Sears, bebe News Today Schaeffers Research  - 18 hours ago Stock futures are pointed lower following Tuesday's bloodbath, with crude oil prices sliding once again. Among stocks in focus are paint specialist PPG Industries, Inc. , as well as retail stocks Sears Holdings Corp  and bebe&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"PPG Industries  Up 5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Nasdaq - Feb 22, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for PPG Industries, Inc. PPG . Shares have added about 5% in that time frame, outperforming the market.PPG Industries, Inc.  Consensus Price At $111.866 - Transcript DailyRuling stocks in today's market: PPG Industries, Inc.  - The News Journal"
p4
aS"Bloomberg: PPG planning new takeover bid for Akzo Nobel Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Details of the new proposal are not known, but Akzo rejected PPG's unsolicited 20.9B  takeover bid on March 9, saying the offer - worth 83/share at the end of February - substantially undervalued the company."
p5
aS"What investors have to know about PPG Industries Inc's  future? Simply Wall St - Mar 18, 2017 What can investors expect from PPG Industries Inc  in the future? Are you considering investing? Then keep reading.Brokerages Set PPG Industries, Inc.  Price Target at $111.73 - Chaffey BreezeWhy PPG Industries, Inc.  In Focus? - Transcript Daily"
p6
aS"BRIEF-Akzo Nobel rejects second unsolicited proposal from PPG Reuters - 23 hours ago BRIEF-Akzo Nobel rejects second unsolicited proposal from PPG ... CALGARY, Alberta, March 22 Canada's Enbridge Inc said on Wednesday it would cut about 1,000 positions, or 6 percent of its work force, after buying Spectra Energy Corp of Houston."
p7
aS"Why to Keeping Eye on Kellogg Company , PPG Industries, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 21, 2017 PPG Industries, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.94, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p8
aS'Akzo CEO Said to Be Jolted Into Dealmaking to Fend Off PPG Bloomberg - Mar 16, 2017 Akzo Nobel NV Chief Executive Officer Ton Buechner, who is fending off a bid from U.S. rival PPG Industries Inc., is rushing to rally investor support for his strategy to break up the Dutch paint maker while at the same time accelerating the hunt for ...'
p9
aS'Dodge &amp; Cox Acquires New Stake in PPG Industries, Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago PPG Industries logo Dodge &amp; Cox acquired a new position in PPG Industries, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.How Does the Fundamental Picture Look for PPG Industries, Inc. ? - The Finance RegistrarHow has PPG Industries, Inc. performed recently? - The Daily Leicester'
p10
a.