(lp0
S'Perceptron Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - 11 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Perceptron Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p1
aS'Investor Update on Shares of Perceptron Inc  Baxter Review - 17 hours ago Technical traders have a large inventory of technical indicators they may use when doing technical stock analysis. After a recent look, the 14-day ATR for Perceptron Inc  is resting at 0.32. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may help ...'
p2
aS'Option Trading: Perceptron Inc  Powerful Long Put Spreads to ... CML News - 20 hours ago We find a very powerful outcome examining long put spreads for Perceptron Inc when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p3
aS'Perceptron May Have Turned The Corner Seeking Alpha - Sep 13, 2016 Perceptron  has been around since 1981, but has lagged behind its industry peers in growth, execution, and performance.'
p4
aS'The Analysts Anticipate Perceptron, Inc.  to Announce  Earnings ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Perceptron, Inc.  has received an average broker rating score of 0.00  from the one brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p5
aS'Perceptron: Private Value Greater Than Current Market Price Attracts Activist Seeking Alpha - May 2, 2016 Perceptron, Inc.  develops and sells automated industrial measuring products and solutions in the Americas, Europe, and Asia.'
p6
aS'Price Alert: Perceptron Inc  Stock Nears Resistance -- Technicals ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Price Alert: Perceptron Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p7
aS"Perceptron Appoints William C. Taylor, James A. Ratigan and John F. Bryant to ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 9, 2016 PLYMOUTH, Mich., Aug. 09, 2016  -- Perceptron, Inc.  today announced that William C. Taylor, James A. Ratigan and John F. Bryant have joined the Company's Board of Directors."
p8
aS'Perceptron Inc. Acquires CMM Designer, Manufacturer COORD3, CMM Software Developer Quality Magazine - Feb 3, 2015 &quot;The acquisitions of Coord3 and Next Metrology illustrate the progress we are making to implement our strategic plan,&quot; said Jeffrey M. Armstrong, chief executive officer of Perceptron. &quot;These transactions expand and diversify our offerings in the ...'
p9
aS'Zacks: Perceptron, Inc.  Receives Average Recommendation of Strong Buy ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 5, 2017 Perceptron logo Shares of Perceptron, Inc.  have received an average broker rating score of 1.00  from the one brokers that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.The Zacks: Perceptron, Inc.  Given $11.00 Average Target Price by Analysts - DailyQuintAnalysts Expect Perceptron, Inc.  to Post  Earnings Per Share - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.