(lp0
S'Zacks Rank on PAREXEL International Corporation  based on Estimated Earnings Highland Mirror - Mar 17, 2017 PAREXEL International Corporation  is a hold, according to the latest average broker rating of 3.29. The number of analysts in this rating is 14.PAREXEL International Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.comPAREXEL International Corporation Risk Points versus Health Care - CML News'
p1
aS'Looking at the Levels for PAREXEL International Corporation  Rives Journal - 17 hours ago PAREXEL International Corporation  has an EV  of 3898668. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.Stock On the Run: PAREXEL International Corporation  - HugoPressPAREXEL International Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.com'
p2
aS"PAREXEL International Corporation's Q1 Report Flops, Shares Sink As Much As 13% Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 Shares of PAREXEL International Corporation , a biopharmaceutical services company that provides clinical research, logistics, and medical communications consulting, sank as much as 13% during Thursday's trading session following the&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'BRIEF-Parexel International Corp files for non-timely 10-Q Reuters - Nov 10, 2016 LONDON, March 10 British Prime Minister Theresa May sought to reassure City executives at a private gathering hosted by Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley that she would seek the right deal for the financial services industry in upcoming Brexit negotiations.'
p4
aS'PAREXEL International appoints Simon Harford as Senior Vice President and ... RealWire  - Feb 28, 2017 LONDON, February 28, 2017 - PAREXEL International Corporation , a leading global biopharmaceutical services provider, today announced the appointment of Simon Harford as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective&nbsp;...PAREXEL Names Simon Harford SVP &amp; CFO - Quick Facts - RTT News'
p5
aS'PAREXEL International Corporation  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 PAREXEL International Corporation  is a biopharmaceutical outsourcing services company. The Company provides a range of expertise in clinical research, clinical logistics, medical communications, consulting, commercialization, and technology&nbsp;...The Brokerages Set PAREXEL International Corporation  PT at $61.36 - DailyQuintTop Earnings Report to Watch for: PAREXEL International Corporation  - The Voice Registrar'
p6
aS"Parexel loses $160M in value after disclosing possible embezzlement Boston Business Journal  - Sep 1, 2016 Waltham-based Parexel International Corp., one of the world's biggest contract research organizations, suffered a loss of about $160 million in market value Wednesday after disclosing that it's looking into a possible misappropriation of corporate ...Parexel falls 4.8% on 10-K filing delay - Seeking AlphaParexel delays regulatory filing after an employee steals money - STAT"
p7
aS'PAREXEL International to Participate at Cowen &amp; Co. Health Care Conference and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 PAREXEL International Corporation is a leading global biopharmaceutical services company, providing a broad range of expertise-based clinical research, consulting, medical communications, and technology solutions and services to the worldwide&nbsp;...Fiscal Year Earnings Estimate on PAREXEL International Corporation - Money Flow Index & TrendsPAREXEL International Corporation  Mean Price Target At $63.8500 - Equities Focus'
p8
aS'Long Term Growth Stock in Review: PAREXEL International Corporation  Aiken Advocate - 6 hours ago PAREXEL International Corporation  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.'
p9
aS"What Does The Chart For PAREXEL International Corporation  Tell Us ... NY Stock News - 16 hours ago PAREXEL International Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.