(lp0
S'Appeals court upholds $30 million judgment for Folsom-based company Sacramento Business Journal - Mar 9, 2017 The more. Dennis McCoy | Sacramento Business Journal file, 2008. A federal appeals court this week upheld a $30 million jury verdict in favor of Folsom-based Prism Technologies Group Inc. in a lawsuit accusing Sprint PCS of patent infringement.'
p1
aS"News Prism Technologies Group Inc.PRZM Wall Street Journal - Apr 12, 2015 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p2
aS'Prism Technologies Group, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Feb 24, 2017 Prism Technologies Group, Inc., formerly Internet Patents Corporation, is engaged in the business of licensing and enforcing a portfolio of patents relating to technologies developed by it.'
p3
aS"Folsom-based company cuts CEO's salary to $12 Sacramento Business Journal - Sep 9, 2016 Folsom-based patent protection company Prism Technologies Group Inc. cut its executives' salaries by two-thirds overall, and its CEO's salary by more than 99 percent."
p4
aS'Levels in Focus for Prism Technologies Group Inc  Rives Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Tracking stock levels, Prism Technologies Group Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of 13.33. Even though the name contains the word commodity, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks.'
p5
aS'Prism Technologies Group, Inc. Receives Adverse Jury Verdict in Patent ... Marketwired  - Nov 2, 2015 SACRAMENTO, CA-- - Prism Technologies Group, Inc.  , today announced that a jury found that T-Mobile USA, Inc. did not infringe the asserted claims of U.S.'
p6
aS'Prism Technologies Group, Inc. Announces Voluntary Delisting PR Web  - Feb 2, 2017 This news release may contain forward-looking statements, which include statements expressing the intent, belief or current expectations of Prism Technologies Group, Inc.  that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties and are ...'
p7
aS"Prism Technologies Group, Inc.  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting ... Market Exclusive - Nov 22, 2016 On November 16, 2016, Prism Technologies Group, Inc.  was notified by Nasdaq that it was not in compliance with Listing Rule 5550, requiring listed companies to maintain a minimum of $2,500,000 in stockholders' equity."
p8
aS"BRIEF-Prism Technologies intents to voluntarily delist from Nasdaq capital market Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 8 U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday will discuss the administration's plans to boost infrastructure spending with Elon Musk, who heads Tesla Inc and Space X, and other business leaders, a White House official said."
p9
aS'Prism Technologies Group Reports Successful Appeal of Patent Infringement ... PR Web  - Mar 6, 2017 Prism Technologies Group, Inc. ,  today announced that the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit unanimously affirmed the patent infringement verdict in favor of its subsidiary, Prism Technologies LLC (Prism LLC ...Seaport Global Securities Initiates Coverage on Prism Technologies Group Inc ... - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.