(lp0
S'Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Shares Jump on Back of Favorable ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 23, 2017 Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  investors have a smile on their faces Thursday morning, after the pharmaceutical firm announced that it received a favorable opinion in its litigation with Actavis Laboratories FL, Inc. regarding a proposed&nbsp;...Pernix Therapeutic Holdings, Inc.  Prevails in Patent Lawsuit - StockNewsUnion'
p1
aS'Speculating On Pernix Therapeutics Seeking Alpha - Jun 2, 2016 The past two months have not been good for Pernix Therapeutics . After missing fourth quarter earnings by nearly 59 times the estimate, the stock has seen a steady decline from around $2.25 to $0.46 as of the Wednesday, June 1st close.'
p2
aS'Pernix Therapeutics: Turnaround In Progress Seeking Alpha - Aug 22, 2016 The Pernix Therapeutics  that many investors knew six months ago is long gone. Under the recent leadership of John Sedor, Chairman and CEO, the company has progressed rapidly to transform Pernix into a more focused and streamlined&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Provides Update on Arbitration GlobeNewswire  - Feb 3, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., Feb. 03, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on Pain and CNS conditions, today provided an update on the Company's arbitration with&nbsp;...Friday's Market Insights: Cerulean Pharma Inc , Pernix Therapeutics ... - Smarter AnalystPernix loses arbitration case with Glaxo, on the hook for up to $40M - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc ) Applauses Court's Ruling Traders350 - Feb 27, 2017 Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc , has today given a statement regarding the lawsuit with Actavis Laboratories FL.Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  Earnings Preview: Should ... - The Voice RegistrarHealthcare Stocks Moving On High Volume: Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc ... - TWN"
p5
aS'Pernix Therapeutics Appoints Ken Pia as General Counsel and Chief Compliance ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 6, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., Jan. 06, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on pain and CNS conditions, today announced the appointment of Ken Pia as Senior Vice&nbsp;...Pernix Therapeutics taps Pia as top legal exec - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS'What The Latest Ruling Means For Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Insider Financial - Feb 24, 2017 Back at the beginning of February, we took a look at Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  as part of this piece. The driver behind our turning our attention to Pernix was a then just-reported litigation outcome, detailing the conclusion of a ...Crazy Volume Spikes for: Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  - HugoPressFeatured Stock to Focus: Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  - FactsReporter'
p7
aS"Pernix Therapeutics to Report Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., March 15, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on Pain and CNS conditions, announced today that the Company will report financial results&nbsp;...Notable Stock Inside Spotlight: Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.'s (PTX ... - WsNews 4investorsPernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News"
p8
aS'Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Remains A Strong Buyout Candidate Insider Financial - Jan 9, 2017 Back on August 3, we made a bold suggestion. In this article, we suggested that Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  was in the early stages of dressing itself up for a buyout.Pernix Therapeutics  Stock Continues To Run Upward - CNA Finance '
p9
aS'Brean Capital Reiterates Buy on Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc Following ... Smarter Analyst - Jul 8, 2016 In a research report published Friday, Brean Capital analyst Difei Yang reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc , with a $3.00 price target, after the company announced a reduction of 60 employees and expects&nbsp;...'
p10
a.