(lp0
S"Better Buy: Himax Technologies, Inc. vs. Qualcomm Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Most of Qualcomm's revenue comes from its mobile chips, which power smartphones, tablets, and other gadgets. But the lion's share of its profits come from its licensing business, which leverages its portfolio of wireless patents to collect high-margin ..."
p1
aS"Should Qualcomm Inc. Worry About Xiaomi's New Chips? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm  and Chinese smartphone giant Xiaomi are often considered close partners. Qualcomm became one of Xiaomi's earliest investors in 2011, and all of Xiaomi's flagship devices use Qualcomm chips."
p2
aS"Intel Corp. and Qualcomm, Inc.: On a Collision Course Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 For years, there has been very little intersection between Intel's  core businesses and Qualcomm's .How Intel Corporation's Execution Issues Have Helped Qualcomm, Inc. - Bloomington Pantagraph"
p3
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Reportedly Gaining Chip Share in China Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Qualcomm  is the largest vendor of applications processors used in smartphones today. Though the company's highest-end applications processors, like the recently announced Snapdragon 835 for &quot;premium tier&quot; phones, garner the most&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Will Apple Inc. Completely Ditch Qualcomm, Inc. in the iPhone? Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2017 Analyst Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna  recently put out a note suggesting that Intel  may be able to wrestle away more cellular modem market share from Qualcomm  in future Apple&nbsp;...Intel Corporation  Proves To Be A Threat To QUALCOMM, Inc ... - Traders350'
p5
aS"Qualcomm Unveils Product for Lower-Priced Cell Phones Wall Street Journal  - Mar 20, 2017 Qualcomm Inc. is introducing a new product designed to bring faster wireless service to basic, lower-priced cellphones in emerging markets, an attempt to bolster the chip giant's reach among consumers who can't afford smartphones."
p6
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Data-Center Chips Get Microsoft Corporation's Blessing Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 Qualcomm  is well known for its cellular modems and mobile applications processors. Sales of such products make up the overwhelming majority of its semiconductor revenues.QUALCOMM, Inc.  Aligns With Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... - Stock Market Daily"
p7
aS"MediaTek's Helio X30 Fails to Beat Qualcomm, Inc.'s Snapdragon 835 Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Its chief rival, MediaTek, has traditionally competed well in the low end and mid-range of the China smartphone market, but it has been less successful in the development of chips aimed at premium smartphones, a market where Qualcomm has enjoyed&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Qualcomm Rides High, Then Plummets Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 On October 27, 2016, the share price of Qualcomm, Inc.  reached a high of $71.62. By February 2, 2017, the stock had slumped to $52.37, at one point plummeting 12.7% in a single day.Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Won't Escape These Problems Anytime Soon - Investorplace.comBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Merck &amp; Co., Inc. , QUALCOMM ... - The USA Commerce"
p9
aS'Is Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Stuck In a Bear Trap? Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Qualcomm, Inc.  is really a victim of its own amazing success. Since the mid-1980s, the company has been able to develop cutting-edge mobile technologies that have defined the industry.'
p10
a.