(lp0
S'Why QLogic Corporation Jumped More Than 20% Friday Motley Fool - Oct 23, 2015 What: Shares of QLogic  rose as much as 21.3% on Friday, lifted by an impressive earnings surprise in a freshly published second-quarter report.'
p1
aS'Cavium, Inc. Commences Exchange Offer to Acquire QLogic Corporation PR Newswire  - Jul 13, 2016 Upon satisfaction of the conditions to the Offer, and after the shares tendered in the Offer are accepted for payment, Cavium and QLogic intend, as promptly as practicable, to effect a merger pursuant to Section 251 of the Delaware General ...'
p2
aS"Why Shares of QLogic Corp. Surged Today Motley Fool - May 6, 2016 What: Shares of network infrastructure solutions provider QLogic Corp.  soared on Friday following the company's fiscal fourth-quarter report."
p3
aS'QLogic Corporation  Daily Sentiment At 0 Markets Daily - 9 hours ago QLogic Corporation  has been given a 0 daily sentiment score. This dataset comprises average sentiment and impact scores figured on all articles linked to QLogic Corporation , published in preceding 24 hours.'
p4
aS'QLogic: Constant Comparison With Emulex Is An Opportunity Seeking Alpha - May 26, 2016 QLogic  is suffering from the constant comparison with Emulex, another Fiber Channel competitor that was acquired at a great price by Broadcom , but this constant comparison seems to be short-changing the fast improving&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'QLogic Corp  CEO Rampalli Resigns StreetInsider.com - Aug 21, 2015 QLogic Corp  announced that the board has appointed Christine King as executive chairman and Jean Hu as acting CEO.QLogic Announces Leadership Change - Business Wire QLogic Makes Leadership Changes - Orange County Business Journal'
p6
aS'QLogic: Growing Market Share, Future Innovation Are Keys For Success Seeking Alpha  - Mar 16, 2015 My current recommendation is the company called QLogic Corporation . This company has been in the Ethernet industry for 20 years and has consistently created forward-looking innovations to meet the demands of the future.'
p7
aS"QLogic Corp. FlexSuite 2600 Series Fibre Channel Adapters TechTarget - Feb 13, 2013 QLogic Corp.'s FlexSuite 2600 Series Fibre Channel  adapter won the networking equipment category in Storage magazine's/SearchStorage."
p8
aS'QLogic Corporation  Being Acquired For $1.36 Billion Market Exclusive - Jun 17, 2016 QLogic Corporation  has agreed to be acquired by fellow semiconductor company Cavium Inc . The transaction has an equity value of $1.36 billion if cash on the balance sheet of QLogic is included.'
p9
aS'QLogic Said to Hire Qatalyst Group to Explore Potential Sale Bloomberg - Apr 8, 2016 QLogic Corp., the maker of adapters, switches and other technology for data centers and network infrastructure, hired Qatalyst Partners to explore strategic alternatives including a potential sale, people with knowledge of the matter said.'
p10
a.