(lp0
S"Will Novelion Therapeutics Inc.  continue to beat earnings? Post Analyst - 23 hours ago Novelion Therapeutics Inc.  is trading down on a volume of 0.09 million, or 0.75 times its standard daily volume.Stock within Traders Observation: Novelion Therapeutics Inc.'s  - Is storiesStock in Focus: Novelion Therapeutics Inc.  - Piedmont Register"
p1
aS'Novelion Therapeutics Observes Rare Disease Day GlobeNewswire  - Feb 28, 2017 28, 2017  -- Novelion Therapeutics Inc.  , a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing new standards of care for individuals living with rare diseases, today announced today its alliance with the National ...'
p2
aS'Novelion Therapeutics Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Novelion Therapeutics Inc, formerly QLT Inc., is a Canada-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in development of new standards of care for individuals living with rare diseases.Novelion Therapeutics  Lomitapide Patents Affirmed with Favorable IPR ... - StreetInsider.comNovelion prevails in challenge to lomitapide patents - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'Novelion Therapeutics Announces Presentation at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference GlobeNewswire  - Mar 8, 2017 VANCOUVER, British Columbia and CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 08, 2017  -- Novelion Therapeutics, Inc.  , a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing new standards of care for individuals living&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Stonepine Capital Management, LLC Buys Recro Pharma, SciClone Pharmaceuticals ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 21, 2017 Investment company Stonepine Capital Management, LLC buys Recro Pharma, SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Novelion Therapeutics, Ophthotech, Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Veracyte, BioDelivery Sciences International, Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Cardiome&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Novelion Therapeutics Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Novelion Therapeutics Inc, formerly QLT Inc., is a Canada-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in development of new standards of care for individuals living with rare diseases.Novelion Therapeutics'  CEO Mary Szela on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaNovelion Therapeutics Reports Preliminary Fourth Quarter &amp; Full Year 2016 ... - EconoTimes"
p6
aS"Flexion Therapeutics: Novel Knee Osteoarthritis Therapy With Upcoming Catalyst Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 The company's flagship product candidate, Zilretta is an injectable, extended-release, intra-articular formulation of triamcinolone acetonide, a corticosteroid that is being developed for the treatment of patients with knee osteoarthritis."
p7
aS'Zacks: Novelion Therapeutics Inc.  Receives Average Rating of Buy from ... Community Financial News - Feb 21, 2017 Novelion Therapeutics logo Shares of Novelion Therapeutics Inc.   have received a consensus broker rating score of 2.00  from the two brokers that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p8
aS'Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment ... Chaffey Breeze - 9 hours ago According to Zacks, Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company which focuses on the discovery and development of novel therapeutics to treat diseases caused by an imbalance in the proteostasis network primarily in the United States.Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc.  Plunges 7.74% on March 21 - Equities.com'
p9
aS"Stock Movements Activity: Novelion Therapeutics Inc.'s  Is stories - Mar 2, 2017 Novelion Therapeutics Inc.'s  witnessed a gain of 4.05% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 10.80. The company's last traded volume of 0.2 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 0.18 million shares."
p10
a.