(lp0
S"Why Deutsche Bank AG  , Rite Aid Corporation  and Kohl's ... Investorplace.com - Mar 20, 2017 The new trading week got started as lethargically as the prior one ended. With nothing new to light a fire under traders, the S&amp;P 500 drifted 0.2% lower on Monday to end the session at 2,373.47.Rite Aid Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.comRite Aid Corporation subtracted -4.88% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free Observer"
p1
aS"Here's Why Rite Aid Corporation Staged a 14% Comeback Last Month Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2017 After a rough start to the year, shares of retail pharmacy chain Rite Aid Corporation  rose 13.9% in February, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Rite Aid Participating In Pharmacy/Convenience Store Slide - Benzinga"
p2
aS"Rite Aid Kicks Off 23rd Annual Miracle Balloon Campaign to Support Children's ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 For nearly 25 years, Rite Aid has been a proud sponsor of Children's Miracle Network Hospitals, said Ken Martindale, Rite Aid CEO of stores, president of Rite Aid Corporation and president of The Rite Aid Foundation. Thanks to the tremendous efforts ..."
p3
aS"Why Rite Aid Corporation  Stock Isn't a Bargain Trade Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Earlier in March, when it looked like Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc  may not be allowed to acquire Rite Aid Corporation  after all, RAD stock took a hit  a big one. All told, Rite Aid stock is still down 16% for the month, and ...Are Options Traders Betting on a Big Move in Rite Aid Corporation  Stock ... - Zacks.comWalgreens Said Poised to Sell More Assets to Win Rite Aid Nod - Bloomberg"
p4
aS"Rite Aid Corporation  vs Walgreens Boot Alliance Inc  Investorplace.com - Mar 10, 2017 Earlier this week, The New York Post reported that Walgreens Boot Alliance Inc  is considering providing the Federal Trade Commission with a certified compliance notice that effectively puts the government agency on the clock forcing them ...Rite Aid: Shareholders asked to vote again on merger - Central Penn Business JournalRite Aid Continues Nose-Dive As Walgreens Takeover Doubts Grow - Investor's Business Daily"
p5
aS"Rite Aid Investors Should Take A Hard Look At The Walgreens Merger Valuation ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 The Walgreens lowered merger price should reflect the value of the Rite Aid enterprise, not Rite Aid's historic mismanagement, which they will immediately correct; the current offer does not!Analyst's Indicator Review for Rite Aid Corporation , VEREIT, Inc.  - The USA CommerceHot Stock Overview: Rite Aid Corporation  - HugoPress"
p6
aS"Rite Aid starts its annual fundraising campaign to support Children's Miracle ... EPR Retail News  - Mar 20, 2017 Rite Aid Corporation  is one of the nation's leading drugstore chains with nearly 4,600 stores in 31 states and the District of Columbia and fiscal 2016 annual revenues of $30.7 billion."
p7
aS'Rite Aid Corporation : Deutsche Bank Sees 53% Downside if Walgreens Boots ... Smrt Stck Nws - 17 hours ago Deutsche Bank analyst George Hill weighed in on Rite Aid Corporation  and Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc  amidst the deal talks.Wall Street Movers News  Snap Inc , Rite Aid Corporation  - Wall Street Times Partisan Politics May Be To Blame For Hold Up In Walgreens-Rite Aid Deal - Benzinga'
p8
aS"Why Marathon Oil Corporation , Express, Inc.  and Rite Aid ... Investorplace.com - Mar 8, 2017 The bulls once again gave it their best shot, but on Wednesday, they just couldn't hold the sellers back. The S&amp;P 500 ended the day at 2,362.98, down 0.23% from Tuesday's last trade."
p9
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Rite Aid Corporation , GoPro, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 Presently Rite Aid Corporation  stock have an ABR of 2.50. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell."
p10
a.