(lp0
S"Republic Bancorp Inc. Class A Common Stock  Moves Lower on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - 9 hours ago The Company's segments are Traditional Banking, Warehouse Lending, Mortgage Banking and Republic Processing Group . Headquartered in Louisville, KY, Republic Bancorp Inc. Class A Common Stock has 954 employees and is currently under the&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'The Zacks: Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Given Average Rating of Hold by ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 16, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  has been given a consensus broker rating score of 3.00  from the two brokers that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  to Sell - BNB Daily '
p2
aS'The Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Given Consensus Rating of Hold by ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 10, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  has earned a consensus broker rating score of 3.00  from the two analysts that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p3
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Shares Bought by Martingale Asset Management LP BNB Daily  - Mar 4, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY logo Martingale Asset Management L P increased its position in shares of Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  by 123.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Cornerstone Bancorp, Inc. Business Wire  - May 17, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Republic Bancorp, Inc.  , the parent company of Republic Bank &amp; Trust Company , is pleased to report, that as of the close of business today, it has completed&nbsp;...Republic Bank expands its presence in Florida - Louisville Business First Why this bank leader is calling a St. Pete deal a win for all - Tampa Bay Business Journal '
p5
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 on ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY logo Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, January 26th.Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemRepublic Bancorp Inc. KY - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p6
aS"Kentucky's Republic Bank buys Cornerstone Community Bank Tampa Bay Business Journal - Oct 7, 2015 Cornerstone Bancorp Inc. in St. Petersburg is the latest community bank in the Tampa Bay area to be snapped up by a larger institution.Republic Bank &amp; Trust Company Expands Its Florida Market Footprint with the ... - Business Wire Gulf Coast bank sold in $32M deal - Business Observer"
p7
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Community Financial News - Mar 20, 2017 Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  from a buy rating to a sell rating in a research note released on Tuesday.Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Receives Average Rating of Hold from ... - The Cerbat GemZacks Investment Research downgraded Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY (NASDAQ:RBCAA ... - Breaking Finance News'
p8
aS'Republic Bancorp Inc. Class A Common Stock  Plunges 5.15% on March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Republic Bancorp Inc. Class A Common Stock  had a rough trading day for Tuesday March 21 as shares tumbled 5.15%, or a loss of $-1.78 per share, to close at $32.76.'
p9
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Receives Average Recommendation of Hold ... Sports Perspectives - Mar 13, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY logo Shares of Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  have received an average broker rating score of 3.00  from the two analysts that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p10
a.