(lp0
S"Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago On March 22, 2017, Raymond James Financial, Inc.  issued a press release to disclose its operating data for February 2017.Raymond James Financial Inc.: Raymond James Financial reports February 2017 ... - The Wall Street TranscriptLet's Get Complex With Raymond James Financial, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p1
aS'Raymond James moves into benchmark stock index Tampa Bay Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 Raymond James , a St. Petersburg-based financial services firm, becomes just the second company headquartered in Tampa Bay to be on the S&amp;P 500.Raymond James Wins Biggest Deal on $15 Billion Mobileye Sale - BloombergRaymond James Financial, Inc. , Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX ... - The USA Commerce'
p2
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - 4 hours ago The Company operates in Network segment. Through its subsidiary, Crown Media United States, the Company owns, operates and distributes the Networks.'
p3
aS"Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform on ... Market Exclusive - 8 hours ago Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Market Perform rating on RMP Energy  with a price target of C$1.00.RMP Energy's  Market Perform Rating Reiterated at Raymond James ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - 14 hours ago Street Capital Group Inc., formerly Counsel Corporation, is a financial services company. The Company operates principally as a mortgage lending business. It carries on its mortgage lending business through its subsidiary, Street Capital Financial&nbsp;...ECN Capital Corp  Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. - Chaffey BreezeStreet Capital Group Inc  Given Outperform Rating at Raymond James ... - Community Financial News'
p5
aS"3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Nvidia Corporation , Raymond James ... Investorplace.com - Mar 20, 2017 Stocks are starting the week on a stumble. The reason? Comments various Federal Open Market Committee policymakers are suggesting that whither inflation is not as present as was thought, or that a little inflation is alright with the FOMC's projections.Raymond James : Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions - NasdaqTaking a Look at the Data Behind Raymond James Financial, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Outperform rating on Stantec  with a price target of C$39.00. There are 5 hold ratings, 2 buy ratings on the stock.Stantec Inc.  Given Outperform Rating at Raymond James Financial, Inc. - The Cerbat GemStantec Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. - BNB Daily '
p7
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Outperform rating on PrairieSky Royalty Ltd  with a price target of C$34.00.'
p8
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Outperform rating on Birchcliff Energy  with a price target of C$13.00.Birchcliff Energy Ltd.  Given a C$13.00 Price Target at Raymond James ... - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS"Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Outperform on ... Market Exclusive - Mar 19, 2017 Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Outperform rating on Aecon Group  with a price target of C$19.00.The Aecon Group's  Outperform Rating Reiterated at Raymond James ... - Petro Global News 24Aecon Group Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. - The Cerbat Gem"
p10
a.