(lp0
S"BRIEF-Red Lion Hotels Corp says on March 16 increased size of board from nine ... Reuters - 9 hours ago Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Red Lion Hotels Corporation Enters Into Definitive Agreement to Acquire ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 13, 2016 SPOKANE, Wash. and CORAL SPRINGS, Fla., Sept. 13, 2016  -- Red Lion Hotels Corporation  , a growing hospitality company that operates and franchises upscale, midscale and economy hotels,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'RLHC Appoints Two New Independent Board Members GlobeNewswire  - 9 hours ago SPOKANE, Wash., March 22, 2017  -- Red Lion Hotels Corporation  , a growing hospitality company that operates and franchises upscale, midscale and economy hotels, announced the appointment of two new&nbsp;...Red Lion Hotels Co.  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'Red Lion Hotels Corporation: Is This Budget Hotelier A Bargain? Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Red Lion Hotels Corporation  was established in 1959, and with a market cap of $180m, it represents one of the smaller lodgings chains, which creates a unique opportunity.To Buy Or Sell Red Lion Hotels Corporation  On Latest Analyst Consensus - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Red Lion to Buy Vantage Hospitality for $27 Million Skift - Sep 14, 2016 based Red Lion Hotels Corporation  is buying Vantage Hospitality Group, a Coral Springs, Fla.-based franchisor of upscale, midscale, and economy hotels, in a deal valued at a total of $27.8 million, with $23 million in cash, and approximately $4 ...Red Lion acquiring hotel franchisor Vantage Hospitality - Travel Weekly'
p5
aS'Expedia, Red Lion Hotels Corp. become partners Travel Weekly - Aug 24, 2016 &quot;It can be difficult for brands to generate any real, meaningful demand or [return on investment] through loyalty programs without spending substantial amounts of marketing dollars on a long-term basis,&quot; Bill Linehan, Red Lion Hotels Corporation CMO ...Expedia and Red Lion Hotels Hit Reset on Loyalty and Direct Booking - Skift'
p6
aS"Red Lion Hotels' Contrarian Approach to Direct Bookings Skift - Jun 10, 2016 But there's at least one hotel company out there that has a different approach to the direct booking wars. Instead of choosing to wage a war on the OTAs with a direct bookings push, Spokane, Washington-based Red Lion Hotels Corporation, which has 124&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Red Lions Hotel Corp.  Files to Extend Form 10-K Deadline 15 Days StreetInsider.com - Mar 15, 2017 Red Lion Hotels Corporation  today announced that it has filed Form 12b-25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to extend the due date of its 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K for fifteen days, as permitted by Rule 12b-25&nbsp;...Zacks Investment Research upgraded Red Lion Hotels Corporation  to ... - Breaking Finance NewsRed Lion Hotels Co. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p8
aS'Shares in Focus: Red Lion Hotels Corp  Baxter Review - 14 hours ago Investors and Traders using technical analysis to study stocks may be looking at the ATR or Average True Range. Presently, Red Lion Hotels Corp  has a 14-day ATR of 0.23. The Average True Range is an investor tool used to gauge stock volatility.'
p9
aS"Red Lion Hotels reports 4Q loss Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017  _ Red Lion Hotels Corp.  on Tuesday reported a loss of $2.3 million in its fourth quarter. On a per-share basis, the Spokane, Washington-based company said it had a loss of 11 cents.Red Lion Hotels reports net loss for 2016 - The Spokesman-ReviewAre Red Lion Hotels Corporation's  Interest Costs Too High? - Simply Wall St"
p10
a.