(lp0
S'Rockwell Automation to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Rockwell Automation, Inc.  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Patrick Goris, will present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Industrials &amp; EU Autos Conference on Tuesday, March 21, 2017 in London.'
p1
aS'Analysts Near-Term outlook: Rockwell Automation Inc. , DTE Energy Company ... The USA Commerce - 19 hours ago Presently Rockwell Automation Inc.  stock have an ABR of 2.86. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.Today Analysts Focus on Rockwell Automation Inc. , DTE Energy Company  - StockNewsJournalThe Top Three Holders Of Rockwell Automation Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p2
aS"Rockwell Automation Joins Catalyst CEO Champions for Change Initiative Automation World - Mar 9, 2017 Rockwell Automation President and CEO Blake Moret, along with the heads of 40 other leading global companies, has committed to being a member of Catalyst CEO Champions for Change to do even more to drive change for gender equality in the&nbsp;...Rockwell to accelerate inclusion of women in top roles - BizTimes.com Catalyst CEO Champions For Change Initiative Launches on International Women's Day - PR Newswire "
p3
aS'Should Rockwell Automation  Stock Be In Your Portfolio? Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Rockwell Automation Inc. ROK has been performing well of late and clocked a return of 34.4% in 2016. Rockwell Automation, with market capitalization of $19.44 billion is an original equipment manufacturer  of industrial automation equipment,&nbsp;...Insider Trading Activity Rockwell Automation, Inc.   Insider Sold ... - Market ExclusiveKenneth M. Champa Sells 5300 Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc.  Stock - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS"Rockwell Automation Named a World's Most Ethical Company by the Ethisphere ... ThomasNet News   - Mar 13, 2017 MILWAUKEE, March 13, 2017 - Rockwell Automation, the world's largest company dedicated to industrial automation and information, has been recognized by the Ethisphere Institute as a 2017 World's Most Ethical Company.Schneider Electric announced one of world's most ethical companies - PACE Today"
p5
aS"Analyst Activity  Berenberg Bank Reiterates Sell on Rockwell Automation (NYSE ... Market Exclusive - Feb 22, 2017 Today, Berenberg Bank reiterated its Sell rating on Rockwell Automation  with a price target of $125.00. There are 2 sell ratings, 12 hold ratings, 2 buy ratings on the stock.Analyst's Predictions on Rockwell Automation Inc. , Ameriprise Financial ... - StockNewsJournalRockwell Automation, Inc.  Position Lowered by Credit Agricole SA - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS'Rockwell Automation to show visitors to interpack 2017 the technologies that ... Process & Control Today - Mar 9, 2017 At interpack 2017 , visitors to the Rockwell Automation stand will see how The Connected Enterprise brings Smart Factories to life, to create a world of greater choice and unique consumer experience driven by packaging&nbsp;...Tonejet and Rockwell Automation at Interpack 2017 - Graphic Repro'
p7
aS'Rockwell Automation to Present at JP Morgan Conference Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 MILWAUKEE----Rockwell Automation, Inc.  President and CEO Blake Moret will present at the J.P. Morgan Aviation, Transportation and Industrials Conference on Tuesday, March 14, 2017 in New York.Analysts Set Rockwell Automation  PT at $136.91 - Chaffey BreezeRockwell Automation Inc Risk Points versus Technology - CML News'
p8
aS"Rockwell Automation to drive 'The Connected Enterprise' for manufacturers Zawya - Mar 19, 2017 Abu Dhabi, UAE - The Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit  has announced Rockwell Automation, the world's largest company dedicated to industrial automation and information, as its latest Industry Partner in a move that underscores&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Rockwell Automation helps industries put data to use Trade Arabia - Mar 5, 2017 By 2020, the industrial sector will be producing nearly 15 trillion gigabytes of data. With increasing amounts of data, manufacturers must find more effective and efficient ways to put this data to use, says Rockwell Automation, a leading company ...'
p10
a.