(lp0
S'Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces &quot;Project Baltimore&quot; Initiative Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 BALTIMORE, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  , announces the launch of a special news unit to investigate the Baltimore-Area Public Education system.State Street Corp Raises Position in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc  - Chaffey BreezeRisk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc Implied ... - CML News'
p1
aS"Sinclair Broadcast Group Prices Public Offering of Class A Common Stock PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 BALTIMORE, March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.   announced that it has priced an underwritten public offering of 12.0 million primary shares of Class A common stock at a price to the&nbsp;...Sinclair Broadcast Group  Sells Alarm Funding Associates - StreetInsider.comSinclair Broadcast Group's Investment Group, Keyser Capital, Sells Alarm ... - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS'SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. is a television broadcasting company. The Company owns or provides certain programming, operating or sales services to television stations in the United States.Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com'
p3
aS"Market Scout: Checking the Levels for Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc  The Standard - 10 hours ago Let's view some technical levels on shares of Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc . Presently, the 14 day Williams %R is -91.91."
p4
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group reportedly talking to Tribune Media about acquisition Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 1, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. shares were up more than 4 percent in trading Wednesday morning after a report said it approached Tribune Media Co.Exclusive: Sinclair approaches Tribune Media about possible deal - sources - Reuters'
p5
aS"Sinclair Broadcast rolls out TBD network targeting millennials Baltimore Sun - Mar 8, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has begun to roll out a first-of-its kind, over-the-air TV network showing digital programming that's designed to appeal to millennials.Oklahoma business briefs for March 10 - NewsOK.com"
p6
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Group 1 Automotive, Sinclair Broadcast Group and ... Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/27/17, Group 1 Automotive, Inc. , Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , and Interpublic Group of Companies Inc.  will all trade ex-dividend for ...Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc : What can we expect from this high growth ... - Simply Wall StSinclair Broadcast Group profit soars in 4Q on political advertising - Baltimore Business Journal'
p7
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc  Stake Held by Metropolitan Life Insurance ... Chaffey Breeze - 14 hours ago Sinclair Broadcast Group logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY maintained its position in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p8
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group  to Acquire Tennis Media Company StreetInsider.com - Mar 1, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  announced that it has acquired the assets of Tennis Media Company, the owner of Tennis magazine and Tennis.Sinclair Broadcast gathers Tennis Media Company assets - Seeking AlphaSinclair Broadcast acquires Tennis.com, magazine for $8 million - Baltimore Business Journal'
p9
aS'Ashford Hospitality Trust  Moves On DA Davidson Initiation with $8.00 ... Herald KS - 11 hours ago Among 4 analysts covering Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc , 4 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 100% are positive.'
p10
a.