(lp0
S'An intrinsic value calculation for Shoe Carnival Inc  shows investors ... Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 Does the March share price for Shoe Carnival  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p1
aS'Shoe Carnival: Bias Is To The Downside Seeking Alpha - Sep 19, 2016 Shoe Carnival  has been on a tear of late, bucking the trend of poorly performing retail stocks that has dominated the sector in 2016.'
p2
aS'Shoe Carnival, Inc.  PT Set at $26.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Chaffey Breeze - Mar 21, 2017 Shoe Carnival logo Shoe Carnival, Inc.  received a $26.00 price target from Jefferies Group LLC in a note issued to investors on Friday.Stock Returns: Shoe Carnival Inc  versus Zumiez Inc  - CML NewsShoe Carnival Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p3
aS"Shoe Carnival's Margins Have Me Worried Seeking Alpha - Jun 7, 2016 Shoe Carnival  is a rare retailer that has bucked the nasty downtrend we've seen of late from the group. The company's focus on an off-price model certainly helps and execution has been great."
p4
aS"A Huge Red Flag At Shoe Carnival Seeking Alpha - Jun 18, 2016 A couple of weeks ago I wrote a piece on retailer Shoe Carnival  wherein I said that the company's margins had me worried."
p5
aS'Shoe Carnival to Report Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Shoe Carnival, Inc. , a leading retailer of moderately priced footwear and accessories, today announced fourth quarter 2016 earnings results will be released on Thursday, March 23, 2017 after the market close.Shoe Carnival Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 02 - Equities.comShoe Carnival, Inc.  Receives Average Rating of Hold from the Brokerages - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Shoe Carnival, Inc.  earnings reaction history in focus Post Analyst - 49 minutes ago Shoe Carnival, Inc.  is trading down on a volume of 0.13 million, or 1.3 times its standard daily volume.Shoe Carnival, Inc.  to Release Earnings on Thursday - The Cerbat GemShares Continuing to Trade Below Moving Averages: Shoe Carnival, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - Midway Monitor'
p7
aS"Shoe Carnival shares fall on results, outlook MarketWatch - Nov 28, 2016 Shoe Carnival Inc. SCVL, +2.46% on Monday reported quarterly results that missed expectations amid soft demand for seasonal items and cut its annual guidance.Shoe Carnival's  CEO Cliff Sifford on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS"University Town Center properties lose sandwich shop, shoe store Bradenton Herald - Mar 6, 2017 In Shoe Carnival Inc.'s third-quarter earnings call from the most recent fiscal year, President and CEO of Shoe Carnival Inc. Cliff Sifford said the company expected to open four stores but also close four stores in the fourth quarter. Sifford did not ..."
p9
aS"No Party At Shoe Carnival - Sorry Mr. Market, You've Got This One Wrong Seeking Alpha - May 21, 2016 I was keeping an eye out for the financial results of some companies last night, and I was surprised to see Shoe Carnival's  share price falling by approximately 10% after-hours on what seemed to be some disappointing results. I wasn't ...Shoe Carnival Misses Q1 Forecasts, Maintains Outlook - Footwear NewsShoe Carnival, Inc. | $SCVL) Stock | Shares Tumble On Poor Earnings &amp; Revenue ... - TickerTV News "
p10
a.