(lp0
S"Smart Employee Benefits Inc. TSXV: SEB InvestorIntel - Mar 20, 2017 Smart Employee Benefits Inc.'s global infrastructure is comprised of two operating divisions: Technology and Benefits. The Technology Division currently serves corporate and government clients across Canada and internationally."
p1
aS'Smart Employee Benefits Inc  in the Spotlight After Gaining 26.67% Business Review - 12 hours ago Over the past five sessions, Smart Employee Benefits Inc  has pulled in nice gains, moving higher 26.67% over the past five sessions.'
p2
aS'Smart Employee Benefits Launches Employee Health Direct Subsidiary Marketwired  - Apr 23, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.  , is pleased to announce the launch of Employee Health Direct .'
p3
aS'Smart Employee Benefits closes acquisition of Maplesoft Group Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Dec 4, 2015 The acquisition of Maplesoft is expected to increase the consolidated annual revenue of Smart Employee Benefits by over $50mln, and contribute substantially to the overall profitability of Smart Employee Benefits, the Mississauga, Ontario-based company&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'SEB Announces Agreement to Acquire Paradigm Consulting Group Marketwired  - Aug 26, 2014 26, 2014) - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.   is a technology company providing, via a SaaS business model, &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and government clients with specialty practices&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'SEB Launches &quot;SEB Benefits &amp; HR Consulting Inc.&quot; Marketwired  - Aug 27, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.   is a technology company providing, via a SaaS business model, &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"SEB Acquires the Paradigm Group of Companies to Strengthen Presence in Western ... Canada NewsWire  - Mar 9, 2015 REGINA, March 9, 2015 /CNW/ - Smart Employee Benefits, Inc.   today completed its acquisition of Regina-based Paradigm Consulting Group Inc. and Winnipeg-based PCGI Consulting Services, substantially increasing SEB's&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'SEB Agrees to Acquire Adeeva Nutritionals Canada Inc. and the Wellness ... Marketwired  - Jan 27, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.  , is a technology company providing &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and government clients with specialty&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'SEB Closes Adeeva and Meschino Health &amp; Wellness Acquisitions Marketwired  - Mar 14, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.  , is a technology company providing &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and government clients with specialty&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'SEB Acquires 50% of Banyan and Adds Disability Management Expertise Marketwired  - Nov 4, 2014 4, 2014) - Smart Employee Benefits Inc.   is a technology company providing &quot;business processes software solutions and services&quot; to corporate and government clients with specialty practices focused on &quot;managing group benefit&nbsp;...'
p10
a.