(lp0
S'Exclusive: Sealed Air nears sale of Diversey Care to Bain Capital - sources Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 Sealed Air Corp  is in exclusive talks to sell its cleaning and chemicals systems division, Diversey Care, to private equity firm Bain Capital LLC for between $3 billion and $4 billion, people familiar with the matter said on Monday.Sealed Air nears sale of Diversey Care to Bain Capital-sources - Times of India'
p1
aS'Sealed Air bringing 48 jobs to vacant Caledonia building Journal Times - Mar 4, 2017 On Tuesday, the Caledonia Plan Commission recommended approval for a conditional-use permit for Sealed Air to take over a property at 8809 Industrial Drive in the Caledonia Business Park off Nicholson Road.'
p2
aS'Sealed Air Corp  Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Chaffey Breeze - 10 hours ago Sealed Air Corp logo Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Sealed Air Corp  in a research note released on Tuesday morning.Why Investors remained confident on Foot Locker, Inc. , Sealed Air ... - StockNewsJournalIs Sealed Air Corporation  a Long Term Growth Play? - Aiken Advocate'
p3
aS'Post Earnings Coverage as Sealed Air Diluted EPS Gained 40% Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / March 2, 2017 / Active Wall St. announces its post-earnings coverage on Sealed Air Corp. .'
p4
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Sealed Air, Stepan and Suncor Energy Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 3/1/17, Sealed Air Corp , Stepan Co. , and Suncor Energy Inc.  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends.'
p5
aS"Putting Sealed Air's sprawling operations in perspective Charlotte Business Journal - Feb 24, 2017 I knew about Sealed Air and its business, and was very interested in the transformative direction it was taking from a sustainability, innovation and collaborative mindset with its plans to create a world-class business hub in Charlotte."
p6
aS'Sealed Air  Down 4.1% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? Nasdaq - Mar 16, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Sealed Air Corporation SEE . Shares have lost about 4.1% in that time frame, underperforming the market.'
p7
aS'Sealed Air Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 07 Equities.com - Mar 7, 2017 Sealed Air Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 07, as the stock lost 1.94% to close at $44.41. On the day, Sealed Air Corporation saw 3.31 million shares trade hands on 24,667 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a ...Digging Up the Facts on Sealed Air Corporation  - StockNewsJournalJefferies Group LLC Reiterates Neutral Rating for Sealed Air Corp  - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS"Sealed Air consolidating operations in Caledonia BizTimes.com  - Mar 6, 2017 Ken Aurichio, Sealed Air executive director of corporate affairs, said the positions are existing research and development positions that will remain in Racine for the foreseeable future and represent the overwhelming majority of the company's ..."
p9
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Extended Stay America, Inc. , Sealed Air ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Sealed Air Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 8.95, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p10
a.