(lp0
S'STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 Stifel Financial Corp. is a financial holding company. Its principal subsidiary is Stifel, Nicolaus &amp; Company, Incorporated, a retail and institutional wealth management and investment banking firm.The Way Analysts See Stifel Financial Corp.  - Post AnalystStock Returns: KCG Holdings Inc  versus Stifel Financial Corp.  - CML News'
p1
aS"Trading Scope: Watching Shares of Stifel Financial Corp  The Standard - 12 hours ago Currently, Stifel Financial Corp 's Williams Percent Range or 14 day Williams %R is resting at -96.53. Values can range from 0 to -100."
p2
aS"Stifel Financial Corp's  Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated their neutral rating on shares of Stifel Financial Corp  in a research report sent to investors on Monday morning.Stifel Financial Corp  PT Raised to $59.00 - The Cerbat GemA Look Ahead For 2 Stocks: Stifel Financial Corp. , Wayfair Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p3
aS"Eaton Partners Named Placement Agent And Secondaries Advisor Of The Year In ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 ROWAYTON, Conn., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Eaton Partners, one of the world's largest placement agents and advisory firms for private fund sponsors and a wholly owned subsidiary of Stifel Financial Corp. , is pleased to announce it was&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Fmr LLC Has $68776000 Position in Stifel Financial Corp  BNB Daily  - Mar 18, 2017 Stifel Financial Corp logo Fmr LLC boosted its position in Stifel Financial Corp  by 27.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Stifel Financial Corporation  Updated Broker Ratings - NewsDen'
p5
aS"Option Trading: Stifel Financial Corp.  Winning Long Put Spreads Can ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 We're going to look at a wonderful result using long put spreads for Stifel Financial Corp. by pinpointing earnings risk, and then navigating around it."
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Stifel Financial Corp.  is Beating Interactive Brokers ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Interactive Brokers Group Inc  versus Stifel Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: BGC Partners Inc  versus Stifel Financial Corp ... CML News - Mar 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for BGC Partners Inc  versus Stifel Financial Corp.  .'
p8
aS'Stifel Financial Corporation  Plunges 6.61% on March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Stifel Financial Corp through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is engaged in retail brokerage; securities trading; investment banking; investment advisory; retail, consumer and commercial banking; and related financial services.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Stifel Financial Corp.  is Beating E*TRADE Financial ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for E*TRADE Financial Corporation  versus Stifel Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p10
a.