(lp0
S'Samco Gold Signs Agreement With Yamana Gold Inc. for Sale of Corina Property ... Marketwired  - May 19, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announced that after a strategic review of its business, operations and prospects, it has terminated the Participation and&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Samco Gold Announces Termination of Letter of Intent and Option Agreement With ... Marketwired  - Jan 17, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announces that the Company has received notice of termination of the previously announced letter of intent between the Company&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Towerview Llc Insider of Samco Gold Ltd  Just Sold Shares In It ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 17, 2017 310 shares of Saga Communications Inc were sold by Towerview Llc, a corporation's insider. The mentioned shares are valued at $15,844 which has been calculated based on the average transactions' share price of $51.1."
p3
aS'Samco Announces Extension of Agreement to Acquire Dino Polymetallic (Zinc ... Marketwired  - Apr 3, 2015 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announces an extension of the share purchase agreement  with Mantaro Resources Limited  for the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"SAMCO introduces country's first Zero Balance trading account facility Economic Times - Jun 17, 2016 MUMBAI: Mumbai based discount brokerage SAMCO Securities has launched a zero balance trading account product 'IntraPlus' which allow traders to initiate intra-day trades even if the cash balance in their trading accounts is zero."
p5
aS"Get Red Cards for fouls and Get Gold Medals for achievements on the fastest ... Economic Times - May 3, 2016 On Friday at a press conference in Mumbai, SAMCO, one of India's fastest growing discount brokers today announced the Launch of the Season 2 of the Indian Trading League  and it also announced the launch of its ITL Medals program with new, intuitive&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Demonetisation creates havoc; people rush to jewellers to convert cash into gold Economic Times - Nov 10, 2016 Some shops were open until midnight in Mumbai's biggest bullion market, Zaveri Bazaar, seeking to tap demand, said Ketan Shroff, spokesman for the India Bullion &amp; Jewellers Association Ltd. After that jewelers might have to go on a holiday as no cash&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Is Budget fineprint as impressive as the first impression? Read this Economic Times - Feb 1, 2017 Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley pulled off a good balancing act in the Union Budget for 2017-18 and the first impression of it seems to have left financial markets euphoric.'
p8
aS"Muthoot, Manappuram shares surge with gold Economic Times - Jan 17, 2017 Shares of gold finance companies Muthoot Finance and Manappuram Finance rose up to 6.5% on Monday after the price of the precious metal rose ahead of Donald Trump's swearing in as the US President this week."
p9
aS"It's a buy and hold on SBI: Viraj Gandhi, Samco Securities Economic Times - Aug 12, 2016 In a chat with ET Now, Viraj Gandhi, Samco Securities, says if you put SBI Life in comparison to most of the other semi-private sector players, it will trade at 1.5-2 times embedded book value."
p10
a.