(lp0
S'Solegear Adds Major US-Based Grocery Retailer to Growing List of Packaging ... Marketwired  - Mar 21, 2017 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc.   announced today that it has received new food packaging purchase orders from a leading U.S.'
p1
aS"Solegear buys Lindar's bioplastic division Plastics News - Dec 27, 2016 Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc. has made its second acquisition of 2016, this time buying the bioplastic unit of Lindar Corp."
p2
aS'Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc. Announces Stock Exchange Listing (TSX.V ... Marketwired  - Mar 26, 2015  Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc.* announced that it has obtained a public listing for its securities on the TSX Venture Exchange  following closing of the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Solegear Announces Acquisition of LINDAR's Bioplastic Division Marketwired  - Dec 23, 2016 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc.   is pleased to announce that it entered into a definitive agreement on December 22, 2016 with&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Solegear Achieves Growth Milestones: Closes $4.2 Million Financing and ... Marketwired  - Mar 31, 2015 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc. , a Vancouver-based company that develops, produces and distributes high-performance bioplastics, is pleased to announce&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"BRIEF-Solegear announces acquisition of LINDAR's bioplastic division Reuters - Dec 23, 2016 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Solegear Expands Distribution to 60+ Packaging Customers Across 20 States and ... Marketwired  - Feb 9, 2017 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc.   announced today that it has reached a new growth milestone by receiving over $700,000 in&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Solegear and r-pac International Team Up to Produce Leading Smartphone Case ... Marketwired  - Oct 30, 2015 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc.  and r-pac International, a leading global supplier of retail packaging, have collaborated with a major US-based consumer&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Solegear buys bioplastics unit from Ex-Tech Plastics News - Mar 17, 2016 Bioplastics maker Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc. has bought the bioplastics division of sheet extrusion firm Ex-Tech Plastics Inc. for about $1.3 million in stock.'
p9
aS'Solegear Announces the Closing of its Acquisition of Ex-Tech Plastics ... Marketwired  - May 26, 2016 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc.   announced today that it has formally closed the previously announced strategic acquisition of the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.