(lp0
S'Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - 10 hours ago Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock lost 1.94% to close at $4.56. On the day, Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc. saw 9.36 million shares trade hands on 27,822 trades. Considering that the stock ...Drilling Down Into Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  - StockNewsJournalSynergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free Observer'
p1
aS'Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - 13 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p2
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  The USA Commerce - 13 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p3
aS"Synergy's Trulance Looking Like The Next Uceris Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Synergy Pharmaceuticals , a gastrointestinal company out of New York, was recently approved for their drug Trulance.Synergy Pharmaceuticals: Approval, Now What? - Bloomington Pantagraph"
p4
aS"Canaccord Chimes in on Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc  as It Prepares for ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 2, 2017 Yesterday, Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc  reported fourth-quarter financial results and reiterated the launch of Trulance , Synergy's recently-approved lead drug, for treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation , which is&nbsp;...CORRECTING and REPLACING Synergy Pharmaceuticals Reports Fourth Quarter and ... - Yahoo FinanceSynergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Plunges 5.46% on March 02 - Equities.com"
p5
aS'Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc  Releases Q4 and Full-Year Financial Results Smarter Analyst - Mar 1, 2017 Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc  reported its financial results and business update for the full year and the three months ended December 31, 2016.'
p6
aS"Synergy Pharmaceuticals to Present at Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  today announced that Marino Garcia, the company's EVP and Chief Strategy Officer, will present a corporate update at the Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference on Tuesday, March 21, 2017 at 11:30 a.m.&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc  CML News - Mar 20, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p8
aS'How Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  And Its Technical Chart Is Making ... NY Stock News - 12 hours ago Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p9
aS"Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 3.43% to close at $5.07. On the day, Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc. saw 22.18 million shares trade hands on 34,812 trades. Considering that the stock&nbsp;...What are Analyst's Indicators for Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Range ... - The USA CommerceActive Volume Stock: Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  - HugoPress"
p10
a.