(lp0
S"Why Sears Holding Corp. Stock Plummeted Today Motley Fool - 14 hours ago In its annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Sears said, &quot;Our historical operating results indicate substantial doubt exists related to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.Sears Holdings Corp  Admits It's a Giant Tire Fire - Investorplace.comMore woes for Sears Holdings as it shutters North Charleston Kmart - Charleston Post Courier"
p1
aS"Here's Why Sears Holdings Corporation Shares Gained 12% in February Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 Even though Sears has had quarter after quarter of losses, Lampert, thinks the chain has made progress. In a letter to investors, he went over the moves the company has made, including the closing of 108 Kmart and 42 Sears stores throughout 2017, as ...Sears Holdings: How To Save A Fish From Drowning - Seeking AlphaSears Holdings Corp  Q4 Earnings Beat, But They're AWFUL - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS'Another year has gone by and Sears Holdings  manages to captivate ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2017 There appears to be another error in the financial presentations released by Sears. We cannot say for certain that this is an error, but the evidence seems to suggest it is.'
p3
aS"Sears Holdings: Profitability Remains A Distant Dream Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Sears Holdings  continues to produce poor operating results, and despite management's talk about restoring profitability, I can't see how Sears can stop its operational cash burn at this point. Even if Sears can improve its comparable ...Insider Trading at Sears Holdings Corp? - Chaffey BreezeVineland Redevelopment Site Promises New Jobs - SNJ Today"
p4
aS'Sell the Bounce In Sears Holding Corp  Stock Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Once again, Sears Holding Corp  stock has bounced off its lows. Investors appear to have liked fourth-quarter earnings last week - Sears stock jumped 15% the day after the release.Fairholme Capital Management L Purchases 281900 Shares of Sears Holdings Corp ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS"Sears Holdings Corp  Is Going Bankrupt and Has No Way Out Investorplace.com - Mar 7, 2017 I do not see how embattled retailer Sears Holdings Corp  survives this one. I'll get into details in a moment, but the long and short is that Sears management is pulling planks from the foundation and burning them to keep the house warm.Short Interest in Sears Holdings Corp  Increases By 17.3% - Sports PerspectivesTraders Actions to Focus: Sears Holdings Corporation  - Is stories"
p6
aS'Leave Sears Holdings Corp  Stock to the Savages Investorplace.com - Feb 28, 2017 Before there was Amazon.com, Inc. , there was Sears Holdings Corp  and the Sears catalog. Before there was a Wal-Mart Stores Inc , there were SHLD department stores in working-class neighborhoods&nbsp;...Shares of Sears Holdings Corporation  Climbs 2.65% - Energy IndexSears Holdings Corporation Price Volatility Hits An Exceptional High - CML News'
p7
aS"Will Sears Holdings Corp  Fail for a 21st Straight Quarter? Investorplace.com - Feb 22, 2017 Sears Holdings Corporation  reports its Q4 2016 earnings Thursday before the markets, and it's expected that the struggling retailer will report a 21st consecutive quarterly loss.Sears outsources Kenmore brand to Permasteel for grill line - Retail DiveInvestor's Alert: Sears Holdings Corporation  - TopChronicle"
p8
aS"Sears Holdings Corp: &quot;Shrink to survive mode&quot; cheers Times of India - Mar 9, 2017 ... ** Troubled retailer's shares up 4.3 pct at $7.81. ** Sears reports Q4 loss of $607 mln, wider than a year earlier, but far smaller than top end of $635-$535 mln loss range Sears forecast in Feb. ** Expenses fall 13.7 pct due mainly to lower cost ..."
p9
aS'JC Penney, Sears Holding Corp Face Store Closings, Layoffs   Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Big-box retailers continue their downward spiral amid a competitive and evolving retail industry, with Sears Holdings Corp.Sears Holdings Corp. to Cut Up to 130 Jobs Today - Patch.comSears cutting 130 jobs - Chicago Daily Herald'
p10
a.