(lp0
S'Signet Jewelers plans to cut stores, invest in digital after fourth-quarter ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 9, 2017 Signet Jewelers Ltd , owner of the Kay Jewelers, Zales and Jared chains said it plans to close underperforming stores and invest in its digital platforms as its fourth-quarter results showed a drop in sales.Why Signet Jewelers Ltd. is going gangbusters today - FX Daily ReportCiti Says Remain Cautious On Signet Jewelers Heading Into Earnings - Benzinga'
p1
aS'Signet Jewelers Ltd. Rebounds on Earnings, but Major Scandal Remains Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, Chris Hill and Bill Barker cover the latest developments at Signet Jewelers .'
p2
aS'Market View: Looking at the Technicals for Signet Jewelers Limited  Rives Journal - 5 hours ago Tracking shares of Signet Jewelers Limited , the company has a current EV  of 6464858. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.Signet Jewelers Limited  Buckles Under The Trend Lines - Midway MonitorSignet Jewelers Limited  EPS Projection At $4.22 - RealistInvestor.com'
p3
aS'Signet Jewelers, Following Sexual Harassment Claims, Will Hire Independent ... Wall Street Journal  - Mar 9, 2017 Signet Jewelers Ltd., facing investor unease following allegations of widespread sexual harassment and discrimination against women employees in some of its stores, said it would make changes including hiring an independent consultant to examine its&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"This jewelry brand's stock plummets after sexual harassment allegations surface CNBC - Feb 28, 2017 Shares of Signet Jewelers closed down more than 12 percent Tuesday on a report that some Sterling Jewelers' employees are claiming sexual harassment and discrimination within the workplace.Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Signet Jewelers Limited - PR Newswire Why Shares of Signet Jewelers Ltd. Plunged 13% Today - Motley Fool"
p5
aS'Strong fundamentals. Seeking Alpha - Mar 18, 2017 Signet Jewelers on the Forbes Global 2000 List Fundamentals. At about $6.4 billion in annual sales revenue, Signet Jewelers, Ltd.  is the leader of mid-market retail jewelry in the US, Canada, and Great Britain. Through acquisition, marketing ...'
p6
aS"Analyst Sentiment Outlines Long Term Upside for Signet Jewelers Limited  Aiken Advocate - 6 hours ago Shaers of Signet Jewelers Limited  have been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $67.49, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the past few&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"The Problem with Signet's Credit Sales Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 The problem with credit sales increasing faster than overall sales growth is that it creates an unsustainable growth dynamic. There is no bigger illustration of this then the housing bubble and subsequent crash.EPS Target Of Signet Jewelers Limited  Set At $1.74 - Markets DailySignet Jewelers Limited  Top Sales Projection At $6760.34 - Investor Newswire"
p8
aS'Oversold Conditions For Signet Jewelers  Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 In trading on Tuesday, shares of Signet Jewelers Ltd  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 25.2, after changing hands as low as $65.42 per share.'
p9
aS"Market Center: Following Shares of Signet Jewelers Ltd  BVN - 6 hours ago Signet Jewelers Ltd 's current 14-day RSI is 39.84, the 7-day is at 39.41, and the 3-day is resting at 20.33. Many investors look to the Relative Strength Index  reading of a particular stock to help identify overbought/oversold conditions ..."
p10
a.