(lp0
S'Southern Co-operative gives 10000 boost to local wildlife project Co-operative News - Mar 20, 2017 Endangered of birds and animals in Twyford have been thrown a lifeline thanks to a 10, 000 donation from the Southern Co-operative to Hampshire &amp; Isle of Wight Wildlife Trust to help them purchase a 31-acre farm.First Wildlife Trust cows and sheep are making themselves at home at Hockley ... - Daily Echo'
p1
aS"Southern Co.'s New 'Clean Coal' Plant May Not Be Cost-Efficient Wall Street Journal  - Feb 22, 2017 Southern Co. said it has nearly completed a first-of-its-kind clean coal power plant, though a new analysis suggests it might not make sense to burn coal in it.Southern Co. profit hurt by higher costs - MarketWatchLosses on risky projects crimp Southern Co.'s profits - Atlanta Journal Constitution"
p2
aS"Exclusive: Westinghouse's clients gear up for bankruptcy fight - sources Reuters UK - 4 hours ago This is because, in a potential Westinghouse bankruptcy, Scana and Southern Co would be among Westinghouse's largest creditors, owed the cost overruns on the projects, which tally in the billions of dollars, one of the people added.Southern, Scana Seen Facing $8.5 Billion Threat on Toshiba Woes - Bloomberg"
p3
aS'UPDATE: Jefferies Upgrades Southern Co.  to Buy StreetInsider.com - Mar 3, 2017 Jefferies upgraded Southern Co.  from Hold to Buy with a price target of $56.00 . Analyst Anthony Crowdell commented, &quot;We are upgrading SO to Buy and believe investors are pricing in too much exposure for Kemper and Vogtle.Southern upped to Buy at Jefferies, as investors price in Kemper worst case - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS"Brain Drain: Engineers and Managers Flee Southern Company's Troubled Kemper ... DeSmog  - Mar 17, 2017 With builder Southern Company still promising that the Kemper power plant will go online soon, a group of key engineers and managers who work on the plant's so-far-inoperable gasifier has left the company."
p5
aS"Why Southern Co stock is rising FX Daily Report - Feb 22, 2017 Southern Co  in the fourth quarter 2016 ended 31st December has reported the adjusted earnings per share of 24 cents, missing the analysts' estimates for the adjusted earnings per share of 33 cents."
p6
aS"Southern Co.'s Fla. utility drops contentious rate plan E&amp;E News - Mar 21, 2017 Southern Co.'s Gulf Power unit in Florida has dropped its proposal to restructure utility rates as part of a wide-ranging agreement struck with the state's top consumer utility advocate yesterday.Gulf Power reaches tentative rate increase agreement - Pensacola News Journal"
p7
aS"Southern Company Delays Its Kemper Power Plant Market Realist - Mar 20, 2017 It seems that the Kemper County power plant hasn't dented Southern Company  enough. According to the company's SEC filing on March 16, 2017, it said that it doesn't expect the plant to be operational by mid-March.Heritage Way Advisors LLC Takes Position in Southern Co  - Chaffey BreezeSouthern Co  Stake Increased by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans - Sports Perspectives"
p8
aS"Argus Downgrades Southern Co.  to Hold StreetInsider.com - Mar 3, 2017 The analyst commented, &quot;We are lowering our rating on Southern Co.  to HOLD from BUY. Although the company has a well-run base of regulated utility assets, it continues to face significant delays and cost overruns at its Kemper County plant.What Are Southern Company's Key Indicators Telling Us? - Market RealistRevenue Update on Southern Co - Energy Index"
p9
aS'Southern Co. misses 4Q profit forecasts Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 The power company posted revenue of $5.18 billion in the period. For the year, the company reported profit of $2.49 billion, or $2.57 per share.'
p10
a.