(lp0
S"Echo Therapeutics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - 19 hours ago On March 21, 2017, Alan W. Schoenbart, currently the Company's Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, was appointed by the board of directors of the Company  to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He will ..."
p1
aS'Echo Therapeutics Announces New Patents for Non-Invasive Sensing Technology PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2016 ISELIN, N.J., Feb. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring  and associated technologies, today announced new patents covering its system&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Form 4 Echo Therapeutics, Inc. For: Nov 25 Filed by: SCHOENBART ALAN WAYNE StreetInsider.com - 11 hours ago Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue. See Instruction 1. 1. Name and Address of Reporting Person *. SCHOENBART ALAN WAYNE. , , . C/O ECHO THERAPEUTICS. 99 WOOD&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Echo Therapeutics Separation Agreement With Scott Hollander ValueWalk - Sep 26, 2016 Late Friday afternoon, buried in an 8k and without a press release, Echo Therapeutics announced that it had entered into a Separation Agreement with Scott Hollander, the company's President, CEO and Director. The company did not name a replacement for&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Echo Therapeutics' Continuous Glucose Monitoring System to be Profiled on ... PR Newswire  - Oct 21, 2015 ISELIN, N.J., Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring and associated technologies, today announced that it was informed that, due to&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Echo Therapeutics, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - May 15, 2015 ISELIN, N.J., May 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring and associated technologies, today announced its financial results for the quarter&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Looking at the Levels for Echo Therapeutics Inc  Midway Monitor - 9 hours ago Investors and Traders continue to monitor technical levels of shares of Echo Therapeutics Inc . A frequently used tool among technical stock analysts is the moving average.'
p7
aS'Echo Therapeutics Announces New Patent for its Non-Invasive Sensing Technology PR Newswire  - Jun 22, 2016 ISELIN, N.J., June 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Echo Therapeutics, Inc. , a medical device company focused on non-invasive continuous glucose monitoring  and associated technologies, today announced a new patent covering its&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Echo Therapeutics Inc  Jumps Higher For Week Business Review - 13 hours ago Pushing higher over the last five sessions are shares of Echo Therapeutics Inc . The stock has risen 8.72% over that span, yielding profits for savvy traders.'
p9
aS'Echo Therapeutics Inc   A Stock With No Revenue And A Short Catalyst ValueWalk - Jun 27, 2016 Echo Therapeutics is trying to develop a non-invasive , wireless, continuous glucose monitoring system. You can see the latest presentation at http://echotx.'
p10
a.