(lp0
S'21.2937 MarketWatch - Oct 25, 2010 Span-America Medical Systems Inc. Span-America Medical Systems, Inc. engages in the manufacture and trade of medical products.'
p1
aS'Breaking: Span-America Medical Systems Inc  Stock Through ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 Breaking: Span-America Medical Systems Inc  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p2
aS'Span-America Medical Systems Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Span-America Medical Systems Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Span-America Medical Systems Inc  is Beating ... CML News - Feb 26, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Retractable Technologies Inc  versus Span-America Medical Systems Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Span-America Medical Systems, Inc.  Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.16 - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS'Span-America Medical Systems Inc  Upside Stock Technicals at ... CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Span-America Medical Systems Inc  . The company has a five bull technical rating which indicates extreme strength.'
p5
aS'Span-America Announces Changes in Consumer Bedding Business Business Wire  - Apr 13, 2016 GREENVILLE, S.C.----Span-America Medical Systems, Inc.  announced today that it expects lower consumer bedding sales during the remainder of fiscal 2016 and the first half of fiscal 2017 based on recent competitive&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Span-America Acquires MC Healthcare Products Inc. Business Wire  - Dec 9, 2011 GREENVILLE, S.C.----Span-America Medical Systems, Inc.  announced today that it has acquired substantially all the assets of M.C.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Span-America Medical Systems Inc  is Beating ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Chembio Diagnostics Inc  versus Span-America Medical Systems Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Span-America Director Linda Norman Named Dean of Vanderbilt University School ... Business Wire  - Jun 12, 2013 GREENVILLE, S.C.----Span-America Medical Systems, Inc.  announced today that Linda D. Norman, DSN, RN, FAAN, was named dean of Vanderbilt University School of Nursing effective July 1, 2013.'
p9
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Span-America Medical Systems Inc (NASDAQ:SPAN ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Span-America Medical Systems Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p10
a.