(lp0
S'Mexus Gold US Completes Sale of the San Felix Mine GlobeNewswire  - Mar 31, 2014 The total purchase price of $5,000,000 will be paid by the assumption of certain debt and in shares of common stock of Silver Pursuit Resources Limited and $4,000,000 in cash to be paid no later than March 24, 2015. Mexus will continue to hold a 50%&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Driver of car that killed mum Jill Pirrie aged 14 - reports Edinburgh Evening News - May 13, 2016 Our sincere condolences are with the family and friends of the woman at this tragic time and we will utilise all resources at our disposal to investigate this collision. A PIRC spokeswoman said: A police vehicle was following a silver Ford Ka when ...Three detained after 'loving mother' killed by car in police chase - Daily Mail"
p2
aS'Silver Bear Provides Mangazeisky Silver Project and Management Update Marketwired  - Feb 1, 2017 1, 2017) - Silver Bear Resources Inc.   provides an update on the Mangazeisky Silver Project  and announces certain agreements in principle with its major shareholders, A.B. Aterra Resources Ltd ...'
p3
aS"Britain's men's eight row to Olympic gold glory as women take silver The Guardian - Aug 13, 2016 The sun was shining, the grandstands were full, and Jrgen Grbler was surprisingly sentimental. In 2013, having achieved everything he could have hoped for in his 24-year career with Britain, the coach set himself the target of bringing home double ..."
p4
aS'Centennial Resource Development to Acquire the Upstream Assets of Silverback ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 28, 2016 Silverback Exploration, LLC is a San Antonio-based, independent oil and gas company focused on the pursuit of leasing and drilling opportunities in domestic resource plays, both conventional and unconventional. Silverback was formed in November 2013 ...'
p5
aS'Quarterly Digital Intelligence Briefing: The Pursuit of Data-Driven Maturity Econsultancy  - Apr 13, 2016 The Pursuit of Data-Driven Maturity report, based on a survey conducted by Econsultancy and Adobe, examines the extent to which organizations are investing time, expertise and budgets to make data-driven marketing a reality.'
p6
aS"'Brutal but effective': why Team GB has won so many Olympic medals The Guardian - Aug 15, 2016 In Rio, Team GB has secured six medals - four gold and two silver - and smashed two world records, with both the women's and men's team pursuit taking gold. .... Severe cuts to local authority budgets are also squeezing resources at the grassroots level."
p7
aS'The stress report: why employee well-being is the new bottom line CampaignLive - Sep 19, 2016 While much of the debate on how to better manage the impact of work on life has focused on the futile pursuit of balance, the future is about giving employees freedom to better blend their responsibilities.'
p8
aS"FT Investigation: How China bought its way into Cambodia Financial Times - Sep 8, 2016 Mr Fu's story shows how private Chinese companies, backed by Beijing's diplomatic resources and the unrivalled muscle of its state-run banks, are spearheading a commercial engagement that helps form the foundation for China's political and strategic ..."
p9
aS"The Silver Lining Of Anti-Globalism Might Be The Creation Of A True Digital ... Co.Exist - Jan 19, 2017 It turns out it is not because they don't work; it's simply because there are entrenched powers and limited visions preventing their rise."
p10
a.