(lp0
S'Simon Property  Stifled Online: Will You Stay Away? Zacks.com - 17 hours ago We updated our research report on Simon Property Group, Inc.  on Mar 22. This Indianapolis, IN, retail real estate investment trust  is engaged in acquiring, owning and leasing a diverse portfolio of shopping malls.The Simon Property Group Inc  Receives $223.92 Consensus Target Price ... - Petro Global News 24Stock Returns: GGP Inc  versus Simon Property Group Inc  - CML News'
p1
aS"Simon Property Group's Dividend Says 'Buy Me' Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 SPG has a solid history of FFO and dividend growth. At its current market price, SPG is a good buy for its $7 dividend. Simon Property Group  is a buy with its $7 dividend and history of dividend and FFO growth. Is SPG a good investment partner?Taking a Look at the Data Behind Simon Property Group, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalSimon Property Group Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 10 - Equities.com"
p2
aS'Simon Property Group Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 But making Simon Property Group, Inc. an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of SPG entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $169.50 per share.'
p3
aS"Breaking Down: Simon Property Group Inc  Stock Drop Below Support ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Simon Property Group Inc has a one bull  technical rating because it's trading below the 10 day, 50 day and 200 day simple moving averages while the 10-day moving average is below the 50-day moving average and the 50-day moving&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Simon Property Group, Boston Properties ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Simon Property Group, Inc. , Boston Properties, Inc. , Host Hotels &amp; Resorts, Inc.  and Public Storage .'
p5
aS"Goldman turns cautious on retail REITs Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Slowing rent growth that's yet to be factored into consensus estimates, combined with a number of names near historically high valuations, makes for a bad combination, says analyst Andrew Rosivach."
p6
aS'The Simon Property Group Inc  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... Petro Global News 24 - 19 hours ago Simon Property Group Inc  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Monday.'
p7
aS'Stock Perspective: Simon Property Group, Inc.  Earnings in View Aiken Advocate - 14 hours ago Investors and analysts are typically super focused on company earnings numbers when they are reported. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the company profitability.'
p8
aS"Brokers Issue Forecasts for Simon Property Group Inc's FY2017 Earnings  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 18, 2017 Simon Property Group logo Simon Property Group Inc  - Investment analysts at Jefferies Group issued their FY2017 earnings per share estimates for Simon Property Group in a report issued on Tuesday.Simon Property Group Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Hilliard Lyons - The Cerbat GemRevenue Approximations Analysis: Paychex, Inc. , Simon Property Group ... - StockNewsJournal"
p9
aS'Looking Mainly At Fundamentals: GGP Inc. , Simon Property Group, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - 19 hours ago Shares of GGP Inc.  observed rebound of 1.53% since bottoming out at $22.86 on Mar. 09, 2017. Thanks to a rise of almost 0.91% in the past five days, the stock price is now down -7.09% so far on the year - still in weak territory.'
p10
a.