(lp0
S"Lookout for Price Target? Fossil Group, Inc. , SS&amp;C Technologies ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.49, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc.  Director Sells $432720.00 in Stock - Chaffey BreezeWhat Analysts are Predicting For Akorn, Inc. , SS&amp;C Technologies ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'Trading Sheet: Watching the Levels for SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc ... Rives Journal - 16 hours ago SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc.  has an EV  of 9730883. Enterprise Value measures the complete value of a specific company.'
p2
aS"SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the SS&amp;C Technologies' Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call.SS&amp;C Technologies Finishes Another Great Year - Motley FoolSS&amp;C Technologies Reports Record Revenue, Record Earnings, and Record Cash ... - PR Newswire "
p3
aS'SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 28, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the SS&amp;C Technologies Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.'
p4
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings Inc Implied ... CML News - 16 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p5
aS'SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings  William C. Stone on Q2 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 28, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the SS&amp;C Technologies Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.'
p6
aS'SS&amp;C Technologies: Expect Underperformance To Persist Seeking Alpha - Aug 22, 2016 SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings Inc.  is a provider of software products and software-enabled services that allow financial services providers to automate complex business processes and effectively manage their information processing&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'SS&amp;C Agrees to Acquire Conifer Financial Services PR Newswire  - Dec 15, 2016 WINDSOR, Conn., Dec. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc. , a global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services, today announced it has acquired Conifer Financial Services, LLC&nbsp;...SS&amp;C to buy asset servicing firm Conifer Financial Services - Pensions & Investments'
p8
aS'SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Item1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.Stock On the Run: SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc.  - HugoPressOption Market: SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings Inc Risk Hits A Reduced Level - CML News'
p9
aS"Analyst Sentiment Outlines Long Term Upside for SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings ... Aiken Advocate - 8 hours ago Shaers of SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc.  have been recommended as a long term growth pick. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $35.99, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the recent years."
p10
a.