(lp0
S'Sensata Technologies Is A Mediocre Company In A Great Industry Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 The company is also highly leveraged and has nearly half its total assets in good will. However, the industry the company operates in offers it many competitive advantages.Sensata Technologies Holding  Now Covered by Cowen and Company - Chaffey BreezeEPS Target Of Sensata Technologies Holding NV  Set At $0.68 - Markets Daily'
p1
aS"Sensata Technologies Holding NV: Sensata Technologies Opens New Testing ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 14, 2017 SOFIA, Bulgaria, March 14, 2017  -- Sensata Technologies,  one of the world's leading suppliers of sensing, electrical protection, control and power management solutions, today announced the opening of its largest global&nbsp;...Wall Street Focus on Sensata Technologies Holding NV  - The Oracle ExaminerPrice Target Analysis: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  - News Oracle"
p2
aS'Sensata Technologies Holding NV  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 25, 2016 Good morning and welcome to the Sensata Technologies Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded.'
p3
aS'Sensata Technologies Holding NV  ATR Momentum Alert Business Review - Mar 21, 2017 Sensata Technologies Holding NV  shares have seen the Average True Range climb higher over the past 10 sessions, indicating strong momentum potential and increased volatility.'
p4
aS"Is Sensata Technologies Holding NV  a Stock To Hold For The Long Haul? Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Shaers of Sensata Technologies Holding N.V.  have been recommended as a long term growth pick. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $42.85, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the recent years."
p5
aS"Featured Stock Update: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  HugoPress - Mar 16, 2017 RBC Capital Upgrades Sensata Technologies Holding NV 's stock to Outperform with the price target of $46. This rating was issued on 1/09/17.Sensata Technologies Holding NV's  stock price is now at $43.15 while ... - Hot Stocks PointNews Recap: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  , Bank of the Ozarks ... - NYSE Journal "
p6
aS'Joshua Young joins Sensata Technologies as Head of Investor Relations GlobeNewswire  - Jun 6, 2016 ALMELO, Netherlands, June 06, 2016  -- Sensata Technologies Holding N.V.   today announced that Joshua Young has joined as Vice President of Investor Relations.'
p7
aS'Sensata Technologies Holding  Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Cowen and ... The Cerbat Gem - 10 hours ago Cowen and Company started coverage on shares of Sensata Technologies Holding  in a research report report published on Tuesday.'
p8
aS"Hot Stock to Watch: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  HugoPress - Mar 17, 2017 RBC Capital Upgrades Sensata Technologies Holding NV 's stock to Outperform with the price target of $46. This rating was issued on 1/09/17.Hot Stock Overview: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  - FactsReporterZacks Rank on Sensata Technologies Holding NV  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland Mirror"
p9
aS'Yesterday Stock Price Swings: Sensata Technologies Holding NV  Is stories - Mar 17, 2017 ST has received different ratings from analysts, according to FactSet. Recently the stock has been recommended as Buy from 8 and 0 suggested Sell for the stock.'
p10
a.