(lp0
S"Carson Block Takes on St. Jude Medical Claiming Hack Risk Bloomberg - Aug 25, 2016 Carson Block, the renowned short-seller and founder of research firm Muddy Waters LLC, has taken a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., denouncing the security of its cardiac devices in an effort that could derail the company's purchase by Abbott&nbsp;...Credit Suisse Assesses Risk At St. Jude Medical - Benzinga"
p1
aS"St. Jude Medical Warns of Battery Problems With Heart Products Wall Street Journal - Oct 11, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. warned Tuesday that a battery malfunction could cause hundreds of thousands of its implanted heart defibrillators to quickly lose power and stop functioning.St. Jude Warns Defibrillator Patients About Battery Risks - BloombergWill Battery Depletion Issue Drain St. Jude Medical's Market Share? - Medical Device and Diagnostics Industry"
p2
aS'Hired experts back claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked Reuters - Oct 24, 2016 Short-selling firm Muddy Waters said in a legal filing on Monday that outside experts it hired validated its claims that St. Jude Medical Inc cardiac implants are vulnerable to potentially life-threatening cyber attacks. U.S. regulators responded by ...Muddy Waters Fights St. Jude Lawsuit Over Pacemaker Reports - BloombergHired experts support claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked - Fox News'
p3
aS'St. Jude Medical Files Lawsuit Against Muddy Waters Bloomberg - Sep 7, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. filed a lawsuit against short-seller Muddy Waters, MedSec and related companies as well as three executives at the firms.St. Jude Medical Sues Short Seller Over Device Allegations - Wall Street Journal'
p4
aS"St. Jude hits back at short-seller's cyberattack claims  Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Aug 29, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. is defending itself against charges by a research firm that its devices are vulnerable to hackers, calling the report &quot;false and misleading.St. Jude Medical, Inc. : Still Non-Secure  Muddy Waters - ValueWalkSt. Jude Medical Continues to Refute Allegations made by Muddy Waters Capital ... - Business Wire "
p5
aS"Short seller Muddy Waters renews claims of St. Jude Medical cyber vulnerabilities MarketWatch - Oct 19, 2016 Short seller Muddy Waters Capital, which holds a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., claimed Wednesday for the second time that the medical device maker's implantable cardiac devices are vulnerable to cyberattack.New cybersecurity allegations emerge as St. Jude Medical reports mixed ... - Minneapolis Star TribuneAbbott, St. Jude Medical Plans to Sell $1.1 Billion in Assets After Deal Closes - Wall Street Journal"
p6
aS"Abbott Labs closes its acquisition of St. Jude Medical Minneapolis Star Tribune - Jan 4, 2017 Abbott Laboratories released no new details Wednesday about integration timelines and personnel changes in Minnesota as it completed its long-planned acquisition of Little Canada-based medical device company St. Jude Medical. The cash-and-stock&nbsp;...Abbott Completes the Acquisition of St. Jude Medical - PR Newswire Blog Coverage Abbott and St. Jude Medical Merger Gets OK from US and China's ... - Yahoo Finance"
p7
aS"FTC Approved Abbott's Acquisition of St. Jude Medical Market Realist - Dec 30, 2016 As per the FTC, the combined company after Abbott's acquisition of St. Jude Medical will have a monopoly over the vascular closure devices market with control of more than 70% of the market.Abbott  Acquisition of St. Jude Medical  Close Date Set for January 4 - StreetInsider.comAbbott Laboratories required to divest cardiac device businesses to complete ... - ModernHealthcare.com"
p8
aS'St. Jude Medical, Inc. Heart Device Recall Legal Reader  - Oct 14, 2016 St. Jude Medical, Inc. is a global company that designs and manufactures health management solutions, including heart devices.'
p9
aS'FTC Places Conditions on Abbott  Acquisition of St. Jude Medical  StreetInsider.com - Dec 27, 2016 U.S.-based global healthcare company Abbott Laboratories  has agreed to divest two medical device businesses to settle FTC charges that its proposed $25 billion acquisition of St. Jude Medical, Inc.  would likely be anticompetitive.ABT, STJ: Abbott Laboratories Gets OK to Buy St. Jude Medical, Inc. - Investorplace.com'
p10
a.