(lp0
S'Streamline Health Acquires Opportune IT Healthcare Solutions PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 ATLANTA, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions and analytics services supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare enterprises in the new&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Nebraska Medicine Selects Streamline Health's Coding Audit Services to Confirm ... PR Newswire  - Mar 8, 2017 ATLANTA, March 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions, technology-enabled services and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare&nbsp;...Streamline Health Solutions Inc.  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'Streamline Health Announces Sale Of Its Patient Engagement Solutions To ... PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 ATLANTA, Dec. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions, technology-enabled services and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare&nbsp;...DSS, Inc. Announces Purchase of Patient Engagement and Scheduling Solutions to ... - Business Wire '
p3
aS'Streamline Health Appoints Shaun Priest In Newly Created Position Of Chief ... PR Newswire  - Apr 11, 2016 ATLANTA, April 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare enterprises in the new&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Streamline Health Announces New Reseller Agreement With himagine solutions PR Newswire  - Dec 9, 2015 About Streamline Health Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  is a healthcare industry leader in capturing, aggregating, and translating enterprise data into knowledge - actionable insights that reduce exposure to risk, enhance operational&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Checking on Shares of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  Searcy News - 5 hours ago Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  has a Value Composite Score of 68. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score closer to zero would signal an undervalued company and a higher score would represent an expensive or overvalued company.Is There a Catalyst Out There For Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  - Morgan Research'
p6
aS"Analyst mean rating stands at 2.50 while Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.'s ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 18, 2017 Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  stock price ended its day with gain 0.98% and finalized at the value of $1.03. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.04 million shares."
p7
aS"Breaking Down: Streamline Health Solutions Inc  Stock Drop Below ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Streamline Health Solutions Inc has a one bull  technical rating because it's trading below the 10 day, 50 day and 200 day simple moving averages while the 10-day moving average is below the 50-day moving average and the 50-day&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Streamline Health Solutions Inc  Stock Technicals at Critical ... CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Streamline Health Solutions Inc  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p9
aS"DSS Acquires Streamline Health's Patient Engagement Solutions for $2M HIT Consultant - Dec 2, 2016 Document Storage Systems, Inc. , a provider of software development and support for VistA and vxVistA has acquired Streamline Health's Looking Glass Patient Engagement suite of solutions including its current customer base and personnel."
p10
a.