(lp0
S"Regional bank Sterling Bancorp to buy Astoria for $2.2 billion Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 Sterling Bancorp  said it would buy Astoria Financial Corp  in an all-stock deal valued at about $2.2 billion to create the sixth largest regional bank in the New York City area by deposits.Sterling Bancorp and Astoria Financial Corporation Announce Plans to Merge ... - Marketwired Sterling Bancorp's New York State of Mind - Bloomberg"
p1
aS"Avaloq Partners With Warburg Pincus To Accelerate Growth Exchange News Direct - 23 hours ago Warburg Pincus's notable financial services and fintech investments include: AllFunds Bank, Arch Capital, China Huarong Asset Management, FIS/Metavante, HDFC, Interactive Data Corporation, Mellon Bank, Network International, Elavon, Sterling Financial&nbsp;...Warburg Pincus takes 35% stake in Avaloq - Finextra "
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Middleburg ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Middleburg Financial Corporation  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Sterling Bancorp  is Beating Yadkin Financial ... CML News - Feb 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sterling Bancorp  versus Yadkin Financial Corporation  .'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating MBT ... CML News - Mar 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MBT Financial Corp.  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nimble Storage, MeetMe, Astoria Financial, Sterling ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 [nL3N1GK3NA] ** ASTORIA FINANCIAL CORP &lt;AF.N&gt;, Monday close $18.48, +10.39 pct premarket ** STERLING BANCORP &lt;STL.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Nimble Storage, Astoria Financial, Snap and miners' stocks - Times of India"
p6
aS'CBOE Holdings Unit Divests Livevol X to Sterling Trading Yahoo Finance - 18 hours ago Some better-ranked stocks from the finance sector are American Financial Group, Inc. AFG, Selective Insurance Group, Inc. SIGI and The Progressive Corporation PGR. Each of these stocks flaunts a Zacks Rank #1 . You can see the complete list&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Premier ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Premier Financial Bancorp Inc  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...Park Sterling Corp  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by Brokerages - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS'The Sterling Bancorp  EVP James R. Peoples Sells 10874 Shares Petro Global News 24 - 14 hours ago First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA purchased a new stake in shares of Sterling Bancorp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $210,000.James R. Peoples Sells 10874 Shares of Sterling Bancorp  Stock - BNB Daily '
p9
aS"Analysts' Recommendations Trending Stocks: Astoria Financial Corp (NYSE:AF ... Daily News Journal - Mar 13, 2017 On Friday, Shares of Astoria Financial Corp  lost -0.66% to $21.18. The share price is trading in a range of $21.03 - 21.66.Financial stocks for your portfolio: Astoria Financial Corporation , The ... - The Independent Republic"
p10
a.