(lp0
S'Supernus: Label Expansion, Trokendi Settlement Catalysts For More Upside Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 The company guided for 2017 sales in the $265-275 million range, which is right in line with my estimate range for the year.'
p1
aS'Supernus Pharmaceuticals: The Investment Case Improves Seeking Alpha - Dec 15, 2016 Tier 2 biotech concern Supernus Pharmaceuticals received some good news regarding key patent litigation this week. This the latest piece of positive news for ... This removes an overhang from the company and the stock. Oxtellar XR is the lesser of two ...'
p2
aS'Supernus Pharmaceuticals Offers A Rare Opportunity For Investors Seeking Alpha - Jan 5, 2017 Supernus Pharmaceuticals  is a rarity among the thousands of publicly-traded biotechnology firms; it has approved products, revenue and earnings.'
p3
aS"Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc  Given Consensus Recommendation of Buy by ... Chaffey Breeze - 11 hours ago Supernus Pharmaceuticals logo Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc  has been given a consensus rating of Buy by the six research firms that are currently covering the company.Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. : A Detailed Look at its ... - Post AnalystSupernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $28.45 while ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p4
aS'Supernus Is Moving In The Right Direction Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 Supernus Is Moving In The Right Direction ... The marketed product portfolio continues to grow at a healthy pace and the company is on its way to becoming significantly profitable in 2017 considering the growing revenues and solid operating leverage.'
p5
aS"Supernus Pharmaceuticals'  CEO Jack Khattar on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today for Supernus Pharmaceuticals' third quarter 2016 business update conference call."
p6
aS'Cadila inks pact with Supernus Pharma to settle patent issue Moneycontrol.com - Mar 7, 2017 Cadila Healthcare, along with subsidiary Zydus Pharmaceuticals  Inc, have finalised an agreement with Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc to settle all outstanding patent litigation related to Trokendi XR  extended-release capsules, Cadila&nbsp;...Analyst Activity  Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Buy on Supernus ... - Market ExclusiveSupernus Pharma  Settles Trokendi XR Patent Litigation With Zydus - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS'Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Soars 5.3% on March 08 Equities.com - Mar 8, 2017 Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc.  had a good day on the market for Wednesday March 08 as shares jumped 5.3% to close at $27.80.'
p8
aS'Supernus Pharmaceuticals,Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 On March 6, 2017, Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  entered into a binding term sheet  with Actavis Laboratories, FL, Inc., Actavis Pharma, Inc., and Watson Laboratories, Inc. (collectively, Actavis, now a&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Fast Growing Stock in Focus: Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 5 hours ago Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has been recommended as a long term growth stock according to analysts at Beta Research.'
p10
a.