(lp0
S'Target Corporation Shares Look Very Undervalued At Current Levels ETF Daily News  - Mar 21, 2017 As a result, the pervasive pessimism has created a low hurdle to clear for the company. Things are scary in retail right now, but Target shares are on deep discount and they are a bargain.Analysts Take the Wheel on Target Corporation  Shares and Where They ... - Aiken Advocate'
p1
aS'Target Corporation : An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale Investorplace.com - Mar 18, 2017 Target is a dividend champion, which has paid dividends since 1965 and raised them every year for 49 years in a row. Target Corporation : An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale The most recent dividend increase was in June 2016, when&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Target Corporation: Searching For The One-Foot Bar Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 While I personally don't shop at Target Corporation  all that often, I can't say the same thing for my wife.Target Corporation  Stock Is Even Worse Than Q4 Earnings Suggest - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  Morgan Stanley Lowers Its Price Target On Target ... - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS'Hollywood Craftsman To Be Saved As Child-Care Facility In Deal With Target ... Patch.com - 8 hours ago The project would be paid for with $1.2 million in fees from the Target Corporation, which agreed to pay for child-care facilities as part of a new project approved at the corner of Western Avenue and Sunset Boulevard.'
p4
aS'Why Target Is Not A Suitable DGI Position Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Target is not among the top 10 e-tailers in the US; a really pitiful performance for a company with such a strong physical presence and which has been online in some form or another for the past 17 years.'
p5
aS'Target Corporation  Stock Will Keep Sinking Without This Change Minyanville.com - Mar 16, 2017 This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others.Earnings Clues on Target Corporation , General Motors Company (GM ... - StockNewsJournal'
p6
aS"Preview of Target's store makeover Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Target's  first fully redesigned shop in Houston will include two separate entrances: one for time-crunched grocery shoppers, and another for those who want to browse fashion or beauty."
p7
aS'Target Names Jeff Burt Senior Vice President, Grocery, Fresh Food and Beverage Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Minneapolis-based Target Corporation  serves guests at 1,806 stores and at Target.com. Since 1946, Target has given 5 percent of its profit to communities, which today equals millions of dollars a week.Target names Kroger exec Burt to head grocery ops - Seeking AlphaTarget Corporation  named veteran Jeff Burt as senior vice president ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p8
aS'Is Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  a better investment than Target ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Is Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  a better investment than Target Corporation ? Would long WMT/short TGT be a good pairs trade?'
p9
aS"Target Puts The Bullseye On Wal-Mart Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 CEO Brian Cornell announced investing into lower prices for Target to better compete with Walmart. Walmart's stock has risen since Q4 earnings and Target's has dropped off. The newly-proposed strategic transformation of Target's business model carries&nbsp;..."
p10
a.