(lp0
S"Tenet Healthcare Corp. : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - 14 hours ago Tenet Healthcare Corp.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Hospitals. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $16.44, down from yesterday's close by -6.16%.Tenet Healthcare Corp.'s  stock price is now at $16.44 while Analysts ... - Hot Stocks PointWhat are Analyst's Indicators for Tenet Healthcare Corp. , VEREIT, Inc.  - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"Tenet Healthcare Corp.  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Tenet Healthcare Corp. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p2
aS"Tenet Healthcare Corp: Shares slump after weak FY17 forecast Times of India - Feb 28, 2017 ... ** Hospital operator's shares plunge 12 pct to $19.97; Set for worst day since November at current level. ** Q4 revenue fell for the first time in six years missing estimates, hurt by weak demand."
p3
aS"Tenet Healthcare Earnings: What to Watch Wall Street Journal  - Feb 24, 2017 Hospital operator Tenet Healthcare Corp. is scheduled to report its fourth-quarter earnings Monday after markets close. Here's what you need to know: EARNINGS FORECAST: Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters projected adjusted earnings per share of&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Tenet Healthcare Corp.  Makes It Very Clear Through These Technicals NY Stock News - 12 hours ago The technicals for Tenet Healthcare Corp.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p5
aS'Tenet Healthcare Corp. Buys Out Palm Beach Gardens Medical Center Landlord D Healthcare Daily - Feb 28, 2017 Tenet Healthcare Corp. has paid $43.43 million to buy out its landlord at the Palm Beach Medical Center in Florida. The South Florida Business Journal reported that the Palm Beach Medical Center had been leased from AMREIT, an Irvine, Calif.'
p6
aS"Tenet Healthcare Corp. Names New CEO of California's Desert Market D Healthcare Daily - Feb 27, 2017 Dallas-based Tenet Healthcare Corp. has named Michele Finney as its new CEO of Tenet's Desert Market. This position was created in order for Tenet to expand its coverage outside of the South and manage the growing Coachella Valley and Morongo Basin&nbsp;...Tenet Healthcare revenue falls about 3 pct on weak demand - Daily Mail"
p7
aS'Checking the Levels on Shares of Tenet Healthcare Corp.  Baldwin Journal - 13 hours ago Tenet Healthcare Corp.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.75378. The six month price index is easily measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.Does These Stocks Deserve Your Investment Dollars?  Community Health Systems ... - USA Commerce Daily'
p8
aS'Tenet buys out landlord of its hospital for $43M South Florida Business Journal - Feb 22, 2017 The hospital was built in 1964. In September, Tenet announced plans to expand the operating rooms at Palm Beach Gardens Medical Center at a cost of $16 million.'
p9
aS'Uninterrupted Coverage Assurances As Agreement Signed By Blue Cross &amp; Blue ... Journal Transcript - Mar 14, 2017 A deal signed between Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas and Tenet Healthcare Corp  will ensure that patients will be provided with insurance from the former at all of the hospitals under Tenet Health Corporation.Tenet Healthcare  Signs Multi-Year Deal with BCBSTX - Yahoo Finance'
p10
a.