(lp0
S'Tikit signs global partnership agreement with NetDocuments RealWire  - Jun 22, 2016 London - Wednesday 22 June 2016. Tikit, part of the BT Group and leading provider of technology solutions for law and professional services firms, has today announced a worldwide partnership agreement with NetDocuments, the global native cloud-based&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Award winning law firm Capsticks chooses Tikit's Carpe Diem Next Generation ... Legal Futures - Feb 2, 2016 A part_of Tikit, part of the BT Group and leading provider of technology solutions for law and professional services firms, has been selected by award winning law firm Capsticks to implement Carpe Diem Next Generation  timekeeping for their 200 ..."
p2
aS'Boosting agility and efficiencies through technology and soft skills  a guide ... Legal Week - Jun 1, 2016 Gareth Tipton is group director, ethics and compliance, and COO for legal, governance and compliance, at BT. Tikit is one of the largest suppliers of technology solutions and services to legal and professional services firms, and is part of BT Group.'
p3
aS'Autonomy deals raise questions as HP row escalates The Guardian - Aug 24, 2014 The news comes as a San Francisco court prepares to rule on Monday whether a group of HP shareholders can settle a dispute with the US tech firm over the Autonomy transaction.'
p4
aS"Unlocking the benefits of practice and case management tools Legal Week - Jun 1, 2016 ... business, it is vital to maximise the features it offers when the firm does change and grow. Tikit is one of the world's largest and most established providers of technology solutions and services to legal and professional service firms, and is ..."
p5
aS"Recep Tayyip Erdogan seeks to break links with Turkey's past Financial Times - Sep 5, 2014 Everyone in Ankara knew this was [Erdogan's] dream, Ozcan Tikit, a pro-government columnist, said of the new building, hailing the new construction as stupendous."
p6
aS"The i-Team: The client perspective on AI Legal Business  - Nov 4, 2015 Similarly, BT's legal team is in the process of implementing a case-management system, having first showed its interest in the legal tech realm in 2012 when it acquired Tikit Group, one of the largest independent suppliers of technology and services to ..."
p7
aS'Powerball winning numbers and results live: winning ticket for $1.6bn US ... Telegraph.co.uk - Jan 13, 2016 Contact us &middot; Privacy and Cookies &middot; Advertising &middot; Fantasy Football &middot; Tickets &middot; Announcements &middot; Reader Prints &middot; Follow Us &middot; Apps &middot; Epaper &middot; Expat &middot; Promotions &middot; Subscriber &middot; Syndication.'
p8
aS'A new breed of technology solutions launched by Zecter Legal Futures - Apr 8, 2016 Zecter Group Ltd is today launching a new technology solutions business called Zecter Technology. The business will predominantly focus on providing a new breed of IT solutions and services to the legal industry.'
p9
aS"Investors rally to NVM's funding offer The Journal - Aug 30, 2013 There have also been some profitable exits from the portfolio, with the sales of Paladin Group, Interlube Systems, Tikit Group and IG Doors taking place in the same period, delivering combined income and capital proceeds of over 27m. Mauro Biagioni&nbsp;..."
p10
a.