(lp0
S"BRIEF-Taylor Morrison Home Corp announces pricing of public offering Reuters - Mar 26, 2013 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - 9 hours ago Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Class A has a P/B ratio of 4.51. It also has a P/E ratio of 12.9. Taylor Morrison Home Corp is a public homebuilder in United States. It builds single-family detached and attached homes and develops land, which includes&nbsp;...Taylor Morrison Home  Reaches $20.88 After 6.00% Gap Down; Molina ... - HuronReportSecurities Analyst Recommendations: TerraForm Global, Inc. , Taylor ... - TWN'
p2
aS'22.05 MarketWatch - Apr 10, 2013 ... at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns? Please email us at mwfeedback@marketwatch.'
p3
aS'News Taylor Morrison Home Corp.TMHC Wall Street Journal - Apr 8, 2013 News Taylor Morrison Home Corp.TMHC. Significant News Only. 03/07/17; Press Release. Taylor Morrison President and CEO Sheryl Palmer Appointed to HomeAid America Board of Directors.'
p4
aS'Can Taylor Morrison Home Corp  Continue its Near-Term Run? Business Review - 13 hours ago Over the past five sessions, Taylor Morrison Home Corp  has pulled in nice gains, moving higher 6.33% over the past five sessions.'
p5
aS"Taylor Morrison pays $85 million for Atlanta homebuilder azcentral.com - Jan 11, 2016 Acadia Homes &amp; Neighborhoods has 20 communities with homes for sale in Georgia. This is Taylor Morrison's second acquisition in Atlanta. Last year, the homebuilder bought JEH. With Acadia joining the Taylor Morrison family, we'll be able to expand our&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Home Builder Taylor Morrison Sells Canadian Unit Wall Street Journal - Dec 16, 2014 Home builder Taylor Morrison Home Corp. is pulling out of Canada, agreeing to sell its Canadian operations to competitor Mattamy Homes Ltd.Mattamy Homes to buy Monarch Corp. in $330-million deal - The Globe and Mail Mattamy Homes to buy Monarch Homes for $330 million - Ottawa Citizen'
p7
aS"Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Class A  Breaks into New 52-Week High ... Equities.com - Mar 20, 2017 Taylor Morrison Home Corp is a public homebuilder in United States. It builds single-family detached and attached homes and develops land, which includes lifestyle and master-planned communities.Today's Brokerage Rating: Taylor Morrison Home Corp. , Xylem Inc.  - StockNewsJournalAnalysts' Recommendations Stocks News Review: Chemours Co  &amp; Taylor ... - Daily News Journal"
p8
aS'Taylor Morrison Buys Three Markets From Orleans Homes Wall Street Journal - Jul 21, 2015 Taylor Morrison Home Corp. has clinched its fourth major deal in the past 16 months, establishing itself as more of a buyer than a seller as the home-building industry consolidates.National homebuilder enters Charlotte market via $166M portfolio buy - Charlotte Business Journal'
p9
aS'Taylor Morrison IPO to Triple Value of Oaktree, TPG Stake Bloomberg - Apr 9, 2013 TPG Capital and Oaktree Capital Management LP stand to triple the value of their stake in Taylor Morrison Home Corp. by taking the builder public just two years after leading a buyout of the company.Taylor Morrison IPO raises $526 million - Arizona Republic'
p10
a.