(lp0
S'Thermo Fisher Scientific Showcases Integrated Analytical Workflows During ... European Pharmaceutical Review - Mar 21, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., the world leader in serving science, announced a line-up of new products at the 2017 Pittcon Conference and Exhibition that enable application-specific workflows for pharma/biopharma, materials science, and environmental ...'
p1
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.15 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2017.Thermo Fisher: Better Fish In The Ocean - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.: Thermo Fisher Scientific and the Cell and Gene ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 21, 2017 LONDON----To help address the challenges surrounding supply chain management for cell and gene therapy around the globe, Thermo Fisher Scientific, the world leader in serving science, today announced a collaboration with the Cell&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Showcases Newest Bioprocessing Technologies at INTERPHEX Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 NEW YORK----INTERPHEX 2017 - Thermo Fisher Scientific, the world leader in serving science, today announced it is featuring its latest bioprocessing technologies at the International Pharmaceutical Expo  at the Jacob K. Javits ...What Analysts are Predicting For Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , Cardinal ... - The USA CommerceTraders Targeted Mover: Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  - Is stories'
p4
aS'Thermo Fisher Poised on Innovation, Global Growth Amid Woes Zacks.com - Mar 17, 2017 On Mar 16, 2017, we issued an updated research report on Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  , a scientific instrument maker and world leader in serving science.'
p5
aS"Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 16 Equities.com - Mar 16, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 16, as the stock lost 1.88% to close at $158.02.Analyst's Indicator Review for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , Public ... - The USA CommerceIs It Time to go for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , Becton, Dickinson ... - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Elects New Director to Board Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 We are delighted to welcome Dion to our board, said Jim Manzi, chairman of the board of Thermo Fisher Scientific. He brings many years of experience in international business and digital technology strategies.Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Humana Inc. , Thermo Fisher ... - StockNewsJournalFIL Ltd Has $6456000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Price Alert: Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 Price Alert: Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p8
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Acquires Core Informatics, Provider of Leading Cloud ... European Pharmaceutical Review - Mar 6, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., the world leader in serving science, announced that it has acquired Core Informatics, which provides a leading cloud-based platform supporting scientific data management.'
p9
aS"Patent Royalties Curbed as Supreme Court Backs Thermo Fisher Bloomberg - Feb 22, 2017 The U.S. Supreme Court put new limits on patent royalties, ruling that Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.'s Life Technologies unit doesn't owe damages for supplying one component of a patented invention that was put together overseas.Thermo Fisher did not infringe genetic-testing patent, US top court says - Reuters"
p10
a.