(lp0
S'Tempur Sealy International Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - 13 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Tempur Sealy International Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.Stock Watch: Checking the Levels on Shares of Tempur Sealy International, Inc ... - Rives JournalTempur Sealy International  Reaches $43.85 After 4.00% Down Move, Dolan ... - MoneyMakingArticles'
p1
aS'Why Tempur Sealy International Inc Shares Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 Mattress Firm parent Steinhoff International Holdings, which bought the retailer a few months ago, said it wanted to make significant changes to its contract with Tempur Sealy, including economic concessions. After the two sides failed to come to an ...Tempur Sealy: Not Down Nearly Enough - Seeking AlphaTempur Sealy scraps contracts with biggest customer Mattress Firm - Reuters'
p2
aS"Tempur-Pedic Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Debut of Limited-Edition TEMPUR ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 The architect of that vision was Robert &quot;Bobby&quot; Trussell, Tempur-Pedic company founder and first CEO. Now a member of the Board of Directors for Tempur Sealy International, Trussell's way of thinking has been a guiding force every step of the way.Trusted Sealy Mattress Brand Gets Strongest Refresh in 130-Year History - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Tempur Sealy International, Inc., 37.5% Follow ... Nasdaq - Feb 16, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p4
aS'TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc. is a bedding provider. The Company develops, manufactures, markets and distributes bedding products.Lookout for Price Target? QEP Resources, Inc. , Tempur Sealy ... - StockNewsJournalTempur Sealy International, Inc.  held by 27 SEC 13F Filers - Post Analyst'
p5
aS'Trading Scope: Checking the Levels for Tempur Sealy International Inc  The Standard - 12 hours ago Tempur Sealy International Inc  has a current 14 day Williams %R reading of -100. Levels can range from 0 to -100. A Williams %R that falls between -80 to -100 is typically viewed as being in strong oversold territory.'
p6
aS"Stearns &amp; Foster Celebrates Record Year for Sales and Previews Plans to Go Big ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 &quot;For a brand that was established in 1846, it's gratifying to see that after 170 years we are still the industry leader in comfort, quality and craftsmanship,&quot; said Scott Thompson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tempur Sealy ..."
p7
aS'Tempur Sealy Adopts Stockholder Rights Plan PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2017 LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  today announced that its Board of Directors has approved the adoption of a limited duration stockholder rights plan  and declared a dividend&nbsp;...Tempur Sealy adopts poison pill - Seeking AlphaACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Tempur Sealy International, Inc. (TPX ... - The USA Commerce'
p8
aS'What Makes Tempur Sealy International  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Tempur Sealy International, Inc. TPX, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the ...Lookout for Price Target? Valley National Bancorp , Tempur Sealy ... - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS'Stock in Focus: Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 17 hours ago Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  currently has a 6 month price index of 0.58063. The six month price index is easily measured by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago.'
p10
a.