(lp0
S'Tootsie Roll chief, committed to keeping company independent, dies at 95 Chicago Tribune - Jan 21, 2015 Melvin J. Gordon, who ran Chicago-based candy-maker Tootsie Roll Industries for more than 50 years, held the distinction of being the oldest CEO of any business listed on the two major stock exchanges.Melvin J. Gordon, Who Ran Tootsie Roll Industries, Dies at 95 - New York TimesTootsie Roll Industries CEO Melvin Gordon dies at 95 - New York Daily News'
p1
aS"An Overview Of Tootsie Roll Industries Seeking Alpha  - Mar 2, 2015 TR's CEO of five decades died last month, and takeover speculation abounds. The company is run more like a private business, with personal jet and apartment use given to the top two officers."
p2
aS"Tootsie Roll Industries Inc.: Annual Report 2016 The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 16, 2017 Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc. has been engaged in the manufacture and sale of confectionery products for 120 years. Our products are primarily sold under the familiar brand names: Tootsie Roll, Tootsie Roll Pops, Caramel Apple Pops, Child's Play ..."
p3
aS"Analyst Upside Underscores Impressive Growth for Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 5 hours ago Shaers of Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.  have been recommended as a long term growth pick. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $37.55, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the recent years."
p4
aS'Speculation Surrounds Cryptic Confectioner Tootsie Roll Seeking Alpha - Oct 13, 2015 Tootsie Roll owns an established portfolio of candy brand names, which consumers are loyal to. A high P/E reflects optimism over the potential for a buyout, healthy stock/cash dividends, and steady, albeit modest, growth.'
p5
aS'Tootsie Roll Succession May Open Door for Sale: Real M&amp;A Bloomberg - Jan 22, 2015 Tootsie Roll Industries Inc. is now in play for buyers willing to pay the richest valuation in confectionery history. The $2 billion maker of chewy chocolates and Junior Mints rose more than 7 percent Wednesday as the death of long-time Chief Executive ...'
p6
aS"Here's Why Tootsie Roll Will Continue To Underperform Seeking Alpha - Jun 11, 2015 Let's talk about Tootsie Roll Industries . 1.) What does the company do? When you buy shares in a company you effectively become part owner of that company."
p7
aS'Tootsie Roll Industries Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 17 Equities.com - Feb 17, 2017 Tootsie Roll Industries Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 17, as the stock gained 0.39% to close at $38.35.'
p8
aS'It May Be Time To Kiss Tootsie Roll Goodbye Seeking Alpha - Jan 25, 2017 Tootsie Roll is a family company, with at the time, a CEO and COO husband/wife team who had a great number of shares and, together, eight decades of experience at Tootsie Roll. The principles include the ideas that it will not jeopardize long-term ...'
p9
aS'Treat Yourself to Tootsie Roll Industries Seeking Alpha  - May 18, 2008 One stock that I have been following for a while now is Tootsie Roll Industries . Everyone knows this company. Who has not unwrapped the distinctive brown and white wrapper to unveil that nice chewy chocolate treat?'
p10
a.