(lp0
S"Trustmark Corp , RB Bancorporation Enter $25.6M Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com - Nov 14, 2016 RB Bancorporation's bank subsidiary, Reliance Bank, will merge into Trustmark National Bank simultaneously with the merger of the respective parent companies.Trustmark announces $26 million merger - Memphis Business JournalTrustmark buys Alabama bank, beefs up its presence in state - Birmingham Business Journal"
p1
aS"Technical Levels in Review on Shares of Trustmark Corp  The Standard - 12 hours ago Traders may be interested in various technical levels on shares of Trustmark Corp . After a recent check, Trustmark Corp 's Williams Percent Range or 14 day Williams %R was spotted at -99.67. Levels can range from 0 to -100. A number&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Trustmark Corp  Receives Average Recommendation of Hold from Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 10 hours ago Trustmark Corp logo Trustmark Corp  has received a consensus recommendation of Hold from the six ratings firms that are currently covering the stock.Trustmark Corp  Upgraded to Outperform at Hovde Group - Chaffey BreezeTrustmark Corp  target price raised to $36.00, reported today by ... - Breaking Finance News'
p3
aS'The New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2289000 Stake in Trustmark ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 21, 2017 New York State Teachers Retirement System maintained its position in Trustmark Corp  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Comerica Bank Increases Position in Trustmark Corp  - Chaffey BreezeStocks Alert FirstEnergy Corp. , Trustmark Corp  - Daily News Journal'
p4
aS'Trustmark Becomes Oversold  Nasdaq - 13 hours ago In trading on Wednesday, shares of Trustmark Corp.  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 28.7, after changing hands as low as $30.32 per share.'
p5
aS"Fitch Affirms Trustmark Corp at 'BBB+' Following Midtier Regional Bank Review ... Business Wire  - Jan 28, 2016 CHICAGO----Fitch Ratings has affirmed Trustmark Corp.'s  ratings at 'BBB+/F2'. The Rating Outlook remains Stable."
p6
aS'Trustmark completes acquisition of Mobile-based BancTrust al.com  - Feb 16, 2013 JACKSON, Mississippi -- Trustmark Corp. on Friday said it had completed its acquisition of BancTrust Financial Group Inc., in Mobile, as well as the merger of BankTrust with and into Trustmark National Bank. The merger expands the Jackson, Miss.-based&nbsp;...Trustmark Corporation Completes Merger with BancTrust Financial Group, Inc. - Business Wire '
p7
aS'The Trustmark Corp  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in shares of Trustmark Corp  by 10.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Trustmark Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 16 - Equities.comLarge Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Trustmark Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p8
aS'The United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Maintains Position in Trustmark Corp ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 11, 2017 United Capital Financial Advisers LLC held its stake in Trustmark Corp  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in ... - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS"Trustmark Corp.  Releases Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Sports Perspectives - Jan 25, 2017 Trustmark Corp. logo Trustmark Corp.  announced its earnings results on Tuesday. The financial services provider reported $0.43 earnings per share  for the quarter, hitting the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.43.How does Trustmark Corporation  fare as a dividend stock? - Simply Wall St"
p10
a.