(lp0
S"Oversold Transense ready to make waves Proactive Investors UK - Apr 19, 2016 In other words the market is saying Transense's technology, protected by 38 patents, is worth less than 1mln. Moreover, investors currently rate the chance of commercial success at zero."
p1
aS"Transense Technologies Plc Investor Event 29th March, London DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 1, 2017 Transense's Surface Acoustic Wave , wireless, battery-less, sensor systems offer significant advantages over legacy wireless sensor systems."
p2
aS"Market Risers: Standard Life Plc, Transense Technologies plc, Union Jack Oil ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Feb 28, 2017 The stock price for Transense Technologies plc ticker code: LON:TRT has climbed 5.12% or 5.5 points during today's session so far."
p3
aS'Does Zero-Debt Really Make Transense Technologies plc  A Financially ... Simply Wall St - Feb 28, 2017 Including debt in the capital structure of companies such as Transense Technologies plc , which has no debt, can improve its capital returns as the cost of capital comes down.'
p4
aS'Transense Technologies plc  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday Sports Perspectives - Feb 26, 2017 Transense Technologies plc logo Transense Technologies plc  will be releasing its earnings data before the market opens on Tuesday, February 28th.'
p5
aS'Transense Technologies plc  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Community Financial News - Feb 27, 2017 Transense Technologies plc logo Transense Technologies plc  will announce its earnings results before the market opens on Tuesday, February 28th.'
p6
aS"Conviviality Plc Strong performance across all divisions with revenues up 211% DirectorsTalk Interviews - Nov 1, 2016 Conviviality Plc , the UK's leading independent wholesaler and distributor of alcohol and impulse, serving customers through its Franchised retail outlets and through hospitality and food service, has today provided an update on trading for ..."
p7
aS'SMALL CAP MOVERS: FTSE AIM All-Share index added 1% this week underscoring ... This is Money - Oct 23, 2015 Transense Technologies, a supplier of the McLaren F1 team, gained about a third on Wednesday after selling its loss-making IntelliSAW business to US-based Emerson for $5million.'
p8
aS"Standard Life Plc 7.5% Potential Upside Indicated by Jefferies International DirectorsTalk Interviews - Feb 13, 2017 Standard Life Plc with EPIC/TICKER LON:SL has had its stock rating noted as 'Reiterates' with the recommendation being set at 'BUY' this morning by analysts at Jefferies International."
p9
aS'Silence Therapeutics Plc Acquire Stake in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc DirectorsTalk Interviews - Jan 9, 2017 Ali Mortazavi, Chief Executive Officer of Silence Therapeutics plc, commented: We believe that the recent technological advancements in RNA therapeutics have been underestimated and undervalued. We are confident that the recent market approval of&nbsp;...'
p10
a.