(lp0
S'Towerstream Corporation  Is Playing Out Exactly How Honig Expected Insider Financial - Oct 26, 2016 Towerstream Corporation  announced last month that Barry Honig had picked up a substantial position in the company, disclosing a 9.9% holding by way of this 13G.Towerstream : Brings Reliable Internet Access to Big Businesses - Equities.com'
p1
aS'Towerstream: An Impending Death Spiral Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2015 Since our initial coverage of Towerstream  back in late July, the bearish case has strengthened significantly due to multiple downside catalysts, and we believe TWER is nearing the end of its life.'
p2
aS"Towerstream Corporation  Looks Strong With Tech Shift Insider Financial - Jul 16, 2016 This one's an interesting one. Towerstream Corporation . Over the last few quarters, Towerstream has essentially turfed out its legacy operations, and shifted to a completely fresh technology underpinning its offerings."
p3
aS'Towerstream Corporation  Provided Q2 Guidance StreetInsider.com - Jun 14, 2016 Towerstream continues to grow its On-Net Customer base, signing up multiple customers in buildings lit with our high-speed Internet Services.Towerstream Corporation  Stock Soars After Providing Guidance! - aomarkets  '
p4
aS'Towerstream Corporation Announces Reverse Stock Split GlobeNewswire  - Jul 6, 2016 MIDDLETOWN, R.I., July 06, 2016  -- Towerstream Corporation , a leading Fixed-Wireless Fiber Alternative company, announced today a reverse stock split of its shares of common stock at a ratio of 1-for-20.'
p5
aS"Towerstream Corporation  Slides Down Onto the OTC The Oracle Dispatch - Dec 3, 2016 Towerstream Corporation  is a stock that's been rolling down the mountain of despair, seeking and finding no bounce, along the way slipping off the big board and down onto the OTC."
p6
aS"Towerstream Corporation  Is Due A Bounce Post OTC Debut Insider Financial - Dec 6, 2016 Towerstream Corporation  has had more than a rough ride over the last twelve months, and as if things couldn't get any worse, the company just delisted from NASDAQ and now trades OTC for little more than $0.25 a share."
p7
aS'Towerstream Announces $4 Million Public Offering GlobeNewswire  - Sep 16, 2016 MIDDLETOWN, R.I., Sept. 16, 2016  -- Towerstream Corporation , a leading Fixed-Wireless Fiber Alternative company, today announced the pricing of a public offering.'
p8
aS"Towerstream Corporation  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or ... Market Exclusive - Nov 30, 2016 Towerstream Corporation  has been notified by The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC  that the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Hearing Panel  has determined to delist the Company's common stock, and that trading in the&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Form 25-NSE TOWERSTREAM CORP Filed by: NASDAQ Stock Market LLC StreetInsider.com - Mar 14, 2017 Delisting Determination,The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC, March 14, 2017, Towerstream Corporation. The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.  has determined to remove from listing the common stock of Towerstream Corporation , effective&nbsp;...'
p10
a.