(lp0
S"City of Arlington, Texas, Selects Brazos Solution from Tyler Technologies Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Tyler Technologies, Inc.  signed an agreement with the city of Arlington, Texas, for Tyler's Brazos, an e-citation software solution that can be used for a number of applications for public safety agencies such as traffic and parking citations ...Stock Returns: PTC Inc  is Beating Tyler Technologies Inc  - CML NewsThe Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Tyler Technologies, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS'Maine Voices: Tyler Technologies: Story on court software misleading, unfair Press Herald - Mar 5, 2017 YARMOUTH - The Portland Press Herald recently ran an article about my company, Tyler Technologies, that contained many inaccuracies, inferring blame on our Odyssey court product for software glitches in other states, and falsely referencing ...'
p2
aS'Market View: Watching the Numbers for Tyler Technologies, Inc.  Rives Journal - 15 hours ago Looking at shares of Tyler Technologies, Inc. , the company has an EV  of 5700294. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p3
aS'Tyler Technologies Inc.  Has Surged To Over A 3-Month High On Q4 Results Nasdaq - Feb 9, 2017  - Tyler Technologies Inc.  reported fourth quarter EPS of $0.90 after the close Wednesday, up from $0.59 in the prior year period.'
p4
aS'Tyler Technologies: Odyssey, 2016 Legal Settlement, And Organic Growth Suggest ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2016 Tyler Technologies  is a provider of information management software for the public sector, with a focus on small, local governments.'
p5
aS"Tyler Technologies to Participate in Two Upcoming Investor Conferences Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Tyler Technologies, Inc.  announced today that it will participate in two upcoming investor conferences. Brian K. Miller, Tyler's executive vice president and chief financial officer, is scheduled to participate in the JMP Securities Technology ...Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $12011000 in Tyler Technologies, Inc.  - BNB Daily "
p6
aS"Tyler Technologies to Provide Odyssey Attorney Manager, Case Manager, and ... Business Wire  - Feb 9, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Tyler Technologies, Inc.  signed an agreement with The State Bar of California for Tyler's Odyssey integrated suite of justice solutions including Attorney Manager, Case Manager, and Supervision.Tyler Technologies'  CEO John Marr Jr. on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaForward Earnings Estimate of Tyler Technologies, Inc. - Highland Mirror"
p7
aS'Tyler Technologies to Provide Odyssey Solution to the Northern Territory of ... Business Wire  - Jan 5, 2017 PLANO, Texas----Tyler Technologies Australia PTY LTD, a wholly owned subsidiary of Tyler Technologies, Inc. , signed an agreement with the Northern Territory Department of the Attorney-General and Justice  for&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Analyst Sentiment Outlines Long Term Upside for Tyler Technologies, Inc. (NYSE ... Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Shaers of Tyler Technologies, Inc.  have been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research.'
p9
aS"Insider Trading Activity Tyler Technologies, Inc.   CFO Sold 21000 ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 Brian K Miller , CFO of Tyler Technologies, Inc.  reportedly Sold 21,000 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 153.86 for a total transaction amount of $3,231,060.00 SEC Form.Tyler Technologies, Inc.  Shares Bought by WCM Investment Management CA - Petro Global News 24"
p10
a.