(lp0
S'The Fake Freedom of American Health Care New York Times - Mar 18, 2017 Ahead of the United States are South Korea, Israel, Australia, Sweden and Finland, all with some form of government-managed universal health care. And when it comes to cervical cancer, American women are at a significant disadvantage: The United States&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Donald Trump has not faced a challenge like fixing American health care before The Economist - Mar 16, 2017 He did not build a globally significant corporation . Instead he turned himself into a brand. He is a salesman whose greatest product is himself, slapping ...'
p2
aS"KIMELMAN: The American Health Care Act is promising University of Virginia The Cavalier Daily - 1 hour ago In order to fairly evaluate the AHCA, we need to recognize the current problems with Obamacare, as well as view this legislation in the proper context - as a first step to fixing the health care system in the United States. First, let's examine the ...Advocacy for single payer healthcare system benefits students - ChimesHealth Care  Local agencies discuss impact of AHCA to Crawford County - Pittsburg Morning Sun"
p3
aS"This journalist never worried about health care  until she moved to the US PRI - 8 hours ago The first time I saw a doctor in the United States after I'd gotten my American health insurance, it wasn't for anything serious."
p4
aS"Warfare helps explain why American welfare is different The Economist - Mar 16, 2017 THE House Republicans' health-care plan, the American Health Care Act, may, if enacted, leave 24m Americans without coverage, in the judgment of the Congressional Budget Office. But for those determined to shrink the government, that may not be&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Medical providers oppose Trump-backed health plan, Democrats take aim Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 The legislation aims to repeal and replace the Obamacare law, which Republicans call a government overreach that has ruined healthcare in the United States. Trump and fellow Republicans in Congress campaigned last year on a promise to dismantle the&nbsp;...Groups lining up in opposition to GOP health care plan - CNNQ&amp;A: The facts on the Republican health care bill - USA TODAY'
p6
aS'Letters and feedback: March 23, 2017 Florida Today - 14 hours ago The downside of lunar tourism? Recent FLORIDA TODAY articles show that new commercial space companies, while touting Mars , have perhaps been building all along,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Injuries from gun violence cost the United States at least $734 million per year Business Insider - 10 hours ago The numbers in this study, big as they are, represent just a fraction of the total strain gun violence puts on the American healthcare system. As the authors write, that $6.61 billion in expenses only accounts for initial admissions and treatments ...'
p8
aS"14 million Americans could lose insurance under new Republican healthcare plan The Straits Times - Mar 14, 2017 WASHINGTON  - Fourteen million Americans could lose medical insurance by next year under a Republican plan to dismantle Obamacare that would also reduce the budget deficit, the nonpartisan US Congressional Budget Office said on&nbsp;...24 million would lose health insurance coverage by 2026 under GOP's Obamacare ... - CNBCOverhauling Obamacare: Trump's bill, GOP pushback and the Americans in the ... - The Globe and Mail"
p9
aS"Trump &amp; Paul Ryan Team Up To Make Healthcare Bill Even Worse The Ring of Fire Network - 10 hours ago This entire piece of legislation, the American Healthcare Act, is a complete give away to the top 1% of income earners in the United States. They're the ones who are getting all the tax breaks. They're the ones who already don't get their health ..."
p10
a.