(lp0
S"AMERCO Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Feb 8, 2017 RENO, Nev., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AMERCO , parent of U-Haul International, Inc., Oxford Life Insurance Company, Repwest Insurance Company and Amerco Real Estate Company, today reported net earnings available to&nbsp;...AMERCO's  Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: AMERCO, The News Journal - 15 hours ago With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for AMERCO is valued at 7204.52. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a stable and secure position ..."
p2
aS"U-Haul Delivers New Billionaire Shoen as Amerco Surges Bloomberg - May 30, 2014 Do-it-yourself movers have been renting U-Haul International's 225,000 trucks and trailers at a quickening pace, helping its corporate parent, Amerco, close at a record yesterday. The surge made Edward Joe Shoen, the company's chairman, a billionaire.U-Haul Parent Company AMERCO Reports Self-Storage Revenue Increases for 4Q ... - Inside Self-Storage"
p3
aS"Why Amerco's U-Haul Is Set To Reach New Heights In 2017 Forbes - Feb 13, 2017 It is pretty rare to drive somewhere and not spot at least one of Amerco's  U-Haul trucks on the road. Stephen Saroki, an experienced analyst who is launching a long/short equity fund Anaxi Capital, believes the company's competitive&nbsp;...Zacks: Amerco  Given $427.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS"Hidden U-Haul Billionaire Emerges With Storage Empire Bloomberg - Dec 5, 2013 Mark V. Shoen had to endure his father's suicide, a sister-in-law's murder and an internecine battle on his way to becoming the largest shareholder of Amerco, the parent of truck rental company U-Haul, North America's biggest moving and storage business."
p5
aS'Analyst Upside Underscores Impressive Growth for AMERCO  Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago AMERCO  has been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research. With their stock price currently trading around $370.21, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the past few years.'
p6
aS'Amerco Q1 Revenue Climbed, but Earnings Went Into Reverse on Increased Costs Motley Fool - Aug 4, 2016 Amerco  reported its first-quarter fiscal 2017 earnings after the market closed on Wednesday. The parent company of do-it-yourself moving giant and self-storage player U-Haul, which also has two insurance company subsidiaries, posted a&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Amerco - Moving Higher Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2017 Amerco is led by its hard-nosed, no-nonsense, and cost-conscious chief executive Joe Shoen. Wall Street analyst coverage is virtually nonexistent, leading to possible mispricing of the stock.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Old Dominion Freight Line Inc  versus AMERCO ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Old Dominion Freight Line Inc  versus AMERCO  .'
p9
aS'AMERCO Reports Fiscal 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - May 27, 2015 RENO, Nev., May 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- AMERCO , parent of U-Haul International, Inc., Oxford Life Insurance Company, Repwest Insurance Company and Amerco Real Estate Company, today reported net earnings available to&nbsp;...'
p10
a.