(lp0
S'Is Universal Health Services a Good Pick for Value Investors? Nasdaq - 17 hours ago Though Universal Health Services might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p1
aS"Universal Health Services hiring 50, via Malvern job fair next week Philly.com - Mar 2, 2017 The company is looking for people experienced in billing, claims, coding, collections, credit customer service, and related management.Universal Health  Beats on Q4 Earnings, Gives '17 View - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Acadia Healthcare, VCA, Universal Health ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. , VCA Inc. , Universal Health Services, Inc.  and Mednax, Inc (NYSE: MD - Free&nbsp;...A socialist policy for universal health care - World Socialist Web Site'
p3
aS'Universal Health Services Inc Risk Points versus Health Care CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Universal Health Services Inc  compared to its own past and the Health Care ETF.'
p4
aS'Is it Wise to Hold Universal Health  in Your Portfolio? Zacks.com - Mar 15, 2017 Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, Universal Health Services Inc.  stock has gained 12.8% year to date, significantly higher than the increase of 7.6% witnessed by the Zacks categorized medical sector.Universal Health Services, Inc.  added to 76 new portfolios - Post AnalystUniversal Health Services, Inc.  Receives $141.71 Consensus PT from ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: McKesson Corp, Universal Health Services and Nelnet Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/27/17, McKesson Corp , Universal Health Services, Inc. , and Nelnet Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends.'
p6
aS"Is Universal Health Services, Inc.  a Long Term Growth Play? Aiken Advocate - 9 hours ago Shaers of Universal Health Services, Inc.  have been recommended as a long term growth pick. With the firm's stock price currently trading around $118.72, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the recent years.The Universal Health Services, Inc.  PT Raised to $133.00 - Petro Global News 24Top Institutional Investors That Own Universal Health Services, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p7
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Universal Health Services Inc  CML News - Mar 21, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Universal Health Services Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p8
aS"2 Reasons Universal Health Systems Has A Clear Path To Growth Benzinga - Mar 6, 2017 Piper Jaffray's Sarah E. James believes that given the above peer average volume growth generated by Universal Health Services, Inc. , the company deserves a premium closer to the 5-year average spread of 2.4x. The analyst upgraded the&nbsp;...Rating Change on Universal Health Services, Inc.  - Energy IndexUniversal Health Services, Inc.  Upgraded to Overweight at Piper ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p9
aS"Universal Health Wants Escobar FCA Suit Trimmed Law360  - Feb 23, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Universal Health Services Inc. on Wednesday urged a Massachusetts federal court to dismiss parts of the Escobar whistleblowers' amended complaint that weren't considered by the First Circuit or U.S&nbsp;..."
p10
a.