(lp0
S'Umpqua Holdings Corporation Risk Points versus Financials CML News - 10 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Umpqua Holdings Corporation  compared to its own past and the Financials ETF.Featured Stock to Focus: Umpqua Holdings Corporation  - HugoPressUmpqua Holdings Corp  Given Average Rating of Hold by Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Relative Strength Alert For Umpqua Holdings Nasdaq - 13 hours ago In trading on Wednesday, shares of Umpqua Holdings Corp  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 29.8, after changing hands as low as $16.87 per share.'
p2
aS'Is Umpqua Holdings Corporation  a Long Term Growth Play? Aiken Advocate - 6 hours ago Umpqua Holdings Corporation  has been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research. With their stock price currently trading around $17.12, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the past few years.'
p3
aS"Umpqua Holdings'  CEO Cort O'Haver on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 Okay, thank you, Alan. Good morning and thank you for joining us today on our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. With me this morning are Cort O'Haver, the President and CEO of Umpqua Holdings Corporation; and Dave Shotwell, our Chief Credit Officer.Umpqua Bank ends year 6 percent bigger, but still hampered by low interest rates - Portland Business Journal"
p4
aS'Option Trading: Umpqua Holdings Corporation  Powerful Short Put ... CML News - 19 hours ago We find a very powerful outcome examining short put spreads for Umpqua Holdings Corporation when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p5
aS'Umpqua Holdings Corp  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BNB Daily  - Mar 14, 2017 Umpqua Holdings Corp logo Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Umpqua Holdings Corp  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report released on Tuesday morning.'
p6
aS'Umpqua Holdings Corporation  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 On March 15, 2017, Umpqua Holdings Corporation announced that its Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.16 per common share.Umpqua Holdings Corporation: Umpqua Holdings Announces Quarterly Dividend - The Wall Street TranscriptRussell Investments Group Ltd. Buys New Stake in Umpqua Holdings Corp  - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS"Brokerages Set Umpqua Holdings Corp  PT at $18.58 Chaffey Breeze - Mar 19, 2017 Umpqua Holdings Corp logo Umpqua Holdings Corp  has received an average recommendation of Hold from the ten analysts that are presently covering the stock.Today's Brokerage Rating: Umpqua Holdings Corporation , Superior Energy ... - StockNewsJournalStock Jumping Abnormally High: Umpqua Holdings Corporation  - HugoPress"
p8
aS"Umpqua Holdings Corporation Announces CEO Succession Plan Business Wire  - Jun 20, 2016 Umpqua Holdings Corporation announces president and CEO Ray Davis will move into a new role as executive chair of the company's board of directors, effective January 1, 2017.Umpqua Bank names O'Haver CEO, Davis will remain on the board - Portland Business Journal"
p9
aS'Umpqua Holdings Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Umpqua Holdings Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.05% to close at $18.28.Is Umpqua Holdings Corporation  Preparing For A Breakout Trade? - Post AnalystUmpqua Holdings Corp  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.