(lp0
S"The Case for and Against United Parcel Service, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago United Parcel Service, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Air Delivery &amp; Freight Services.Analyst Perspectives: United Parcel Service, Inc.  - Post RegistrarWhat are Analyst's Indicators for Juniper Networks, Inc. , United Parcel ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'United Parcel to Invest Over $90M in Natural Gas Lineup Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 United Parcel Service Inc.UPS recently decided to build six compressed natural gas  fueling stations and add 390 new CNG tractors and terminal trucks along with 50 liquefied natural gas  vehicles to its fleet.Stocks to Track: United Parcel Service, Inc.  , Zebra Technologies ... - NYSE Journal '
p2
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for United Parcel Service, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on United Parcel Service, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p3
aS"Buffett Stocks In Focus: United Parcel Service, Inc.  ValueWalk - Mar 8, 2017 Looking at Berkshire's stake in UPS, Buffett seems content to sit on his investment. He reported no buying or selling of United Parcel Service shares for the quarter ending December 31, 2016. Moreover, the Oracle of Omaha has held shares of UPS since&nbsp;...Performance of United Parcel Service, Inc.  Compared to Index - Money Flow Index & TrendsBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Fastenal Company , United Parcel ... - The USA Commerce"
p4
aS'UPS to start ground deliveries on Saturdays MarketWatch - Feb 22, 2017 United Parcel Service Inc. said it would start making ground deliveries on Saturdays and showed off a drone delivery test, part of broader investments by the carrier to try to keep up with the shift to online shopping.United Parcel Service, Inc. unveils new delivery trucks carrying drones  - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS'AU Optronics, Chicago Bridge &amp; Iron, Amazon, United Parcel Service and FedEx ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 The Seattle-based online retail giant plans to grow its own shipping and cargo capabilities to compete directly with some of the largest delivery and logistics companies like United Parcel Service, Inc.  and FedEx Corporation&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"UPS tests drone deliveries, eyes future price changes Reuters - Feb 21, 2017 Package delivery company United Parcel Service Inc said on Tuesday it will consider raising prices across the board in coming years to offset pressure on margins, particularly from the rising costs of delivering packages to e-commerce customers.United Parcel Service, Inc.  Tests 'Tag-Team' Drones Delivery - Investorplace.comUPS tests drone deliveries - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'October 20th Options Now Available For United Parcel Service Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Investors in United Parcel Service Inc  saw new options become available today, for the October 20th expiration.'
p8
aS"Stock Update on Earnings &amp; Estimates for United Parcel Service, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Company earnings numbers are typically highly analyzed by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can provide insight into a company's profitability."
p9
aS'United Parcel Service, Inc. : Getting Technical With The Stock USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago With all other things going on, United Parcel Service, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -7.32 percent in just three months.'
p10
a.