(lp0
S'KeyBanc Upgrades Urban Outfitters, Inc.  to Overweight StreetInsider.com - Mar 22, 2017 Urban Outfitters is smartly positioning itself for an even split between e-commerce and stores over the next 3-4 years. E-commerce is already ~20% of sales for both Urban Outfitters as well as Anthropologie, and at the 50% level for Free People. The ...Buy Urban Outfitters and sell L Brands, KeyBanc says - Seeking AlphaFeatured Stock for Investors: Urban Outfitters Inc.  - HugoPress'
p1
aS"Coachella Is Suing Urban Outfitters For Trademark Infringement The FADER - Mar 17, 2017 Coachella Music Festival is suing Urban Outiftters Inc., Women's Wear Daily reported today. According to the report, the festival told a federal court that Free People, one of Urban Outfitters Inc.'s companies, has been selling items using the ...Coachella's Parent Company Sues Urban Outfitters, Inc. - TeenVogue.comCoachella sues Urban Outfitters - IQ Magazine"
p2
aS"Urban Outfitters CEO Says the Retail Bubble Has Burst Bloomberg - Mar 8, 2017 Shares of Urban Outfitters Inc. and Express Inc. fell on Wednesday after the apparel chains gave a dour outlook for the industry, renewing concerns about America's overabundance of retail stores.Urban Outfitters Inc. Q4 Earnings Retreat 12% - NasdaqWhy Urban Outfitters, Inc. Stock Is Slipping Today - Motley Fool"
p3
aS'Coachella is suing Urban Outfitters Good4Utah - 8 hours ago Last week, Coachella Music Festival issued its lawsuit against Urban Outfitters Inc. for trademark infringement. The California based event claims that UO and their sister companies, Free People &amp; Anthropology, have been using their name and social&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"March Malls: Urban Outfitters Vs. Victoria's Secret Vs. Old Navy Benzinga - Mar 21, 2017 Urban Outfitters, Inc. 's store of the same name: Promotions and clearance rose year-over-year. By the third week of March, the brand had a promotion for a 17 percent discount on an entire purchase as well as style specific promotions in ..."
p5
aS'Urban Outfitters - Holding Up Nicely In A Difficult Environment Seeking Alpha - Mar 12, 2017 Urban Outfitters recently reported Q4 results, showing a 2% revenue growth and a modest contraction in margins. Results were mixed, but show the company is holding up well in a difficult environment.What Analysts Are Saying About Urban Outfitters After Earnings - Yahoo FinanceTraders Secrets on Yelp Inc. , Urban Outfitters, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p6
aS'Urban Outfitters, First Solar, Frontier Communications booted from S&amp;P 500 MarketWatch - Mar 10, 2017 Urban Outfitters Inc. URBN, +0.58% First Solar Inc. FSLR, -0.59% and Frontier Communications Corp. FTR, -10.59% are being booted from the S&amp;P 500 index after S&amp;P Dow Jones raised its market cap guidelines for the index late Friday.'
p7
aS'What Makes Urban Outfitters  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Urban Outfitters, Inc. URBN, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p8
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Urban Outfitters, Inc., 70.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Urban Outfitters, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p9
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Urban Outfitters, Inc.  ? The USA Commerce - Mar 20, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Urban Outfitters, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.