(lp0
S'USA Technologies: Shedding Its Past Woes Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 USA Technologies Inc.  is a leading provider in the small ticket, beverage and food vending industry and is expanding their solutions and services to other unattended market segments, such as amusement, commercial laundry, kiosk and&nbsp;...USA Technologies, Inc.  Mean Price Target At $6.4 - Transcript Daily'
p1
aS'USA Technologies: Poised To Finally Start Creating Shareholder Value Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Top line growth and non-financial KPIs have been trending nicely over the past several periods. Positive 2Q earnings boosted shares 20% on 2/9.'
p2
aS'Following the Average True Range Indicator for USA Technologies Inc  Baxter Review - 15 hours ago Traders may be narrowing in on the ATR or Average True Range indicator when reviewing technicals. At the time of writing, USA Technologies Inc  has a 14-day ATR of 0.22. The average true range indicator was created by J. Welles Wilder in order to&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: USA Technologies Inc  Critical Pivot ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for USA Technologies Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p4
aS'USA Technologies Announces Planned Loyalty Integration with Apple Pay Business Wire  - Jan 5, 2017 LAS VEGAS----CES 2017 -- USA Technologies, Inc.  , a payment technology provider of cashless and mobile transactions in self-serve retail, today announced it plans to integrate its MORE.USA Technologies integrates loyalty platform with Apple Pay - FinextraUSA Technologies adding Apple Pay to more than 300000 self-service machines ... - AppleInsider  '
p5
aS'USA Technologies to Roll Out Cashless Payment Technologies to Six Pepsi Cola ... Business Wire  - Feb 8, 2017 MALVERN, Pa.----USA Technologies, Inc.  , a payment technology provider of cashless and mobile transactions in self-serve retail, today announced agreements with several Pepsi Cola bottling franchisees&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'USA Technologies Inc. Unveils Next-Generation ePort With LTE Wireless Service Vending Times - Jan 16, 2017 MALVERN, PA -- USA Technologies Inc. has taken the wraps off its latest cashless payment device for vending machines and other service equipment.'
p7
aS'Stock Update: Estimates &amp; Target in Focus for USA Technologies, Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 17 hours ago USA Technologies, Inc.  has a current consensus EPS estimate for the quarter of $0 based on Street analyst predictions.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Avid Technology Inc  versus USA Technologies Inc ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Avid Technology Inc  versus USA Technologies Inc  .USA Technologies, Inc.  Price Target At $6.25 - Transcript DailyIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy USA Technologies, Inc ... - The De Soto Edge'
p9
aS"USA Technologies Plans To Demonstrate Enhanced Consumer Engagement &amp; Loyalty ... VendingMarketWatch - Mar 2, 2017 BARCELONA, Spain----USA Technologies, Inc.  , together with Urban Airship, plans to demonstrate their collaboration supporting USAT's MORE."
p10
a.