(lp0
S"Attorney general: Conspiracy tried to manipulate Video Display Corp. stock Atlanta Business Chronicle - Sep 3, 2014 A long-time member of the board of directors of Atlanta-based Video Display Corp. has resigned after New Hampshire's attorney general uncovered a long-running scheme to try to manipulate the price of the company's stock."
p1
aS'Investor Watch: Looking at Shares of Video Display Corporation  Searcy News - 15 hours ago Taking a look at shares of Video Display Corporation , the stock has a Value Composite Score of 53. Based on a scale from 0 to 100, a score near zero would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Video Display Corp Successfully Completes Sale of Aydin Displays GlobeNewswire  - Sep 3, 2013 TUCKER, Ga., Sept. 3, 2013  -- Video Display Corporation   today announced the successful completion of the sale of the assets and specified liabilities of the Company's Aydin Displays Inc subsidiary."
p3
aS'Video Display Corporation in Agreement to Sell Lexel Imaging Systems GlobeNewswire  - Jul 26, 2013 TUCKER, Ga., July 26, 2013  -- Video Display Corporation , a global leader in design and manufacture of specialty displays and display solutions, today announced a definitive agreement was signed to sell primarily all of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Video Display CEO Ordway blasts Obama, socialism Bizjournals.com - Aug 24, 2012 Video Display Corp. Chairman and CEO Ronald Ordway issued a letter to shareholders Friday blasting President Barack Obama, lamenting the state of political and economic affairs in America, announcing his plans to retire in a year or so and revealing ...'
p5
aS"VDC Display Systems Announces Ed Boland as US Director of Business Development GlobeNewswire  - Sep 4, 2014 ATLANTA, Sept. 4, 2014  -- Video Display Corporation  is pleased to announce that the Company's VDC Display Systems subsidiary in Cape Canaveral, Florida, leading supplier of customized, integrated solutions for&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"PPG and Universal Display Corporation to Expand Production Capacity of ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 6, 2017 PPG  and Universal Display Corporation  today announced that Universal Display will invest $15 million in PPG's Barberton, Ohio, manufacturing facility to double commercial production capacity for Universal Display's proprietary&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Universal Display Corporation  is Beating Belden ... CML News - Feb 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Belden Inc  versus Universal Display Corporation  .Noteworthy Price Swings: Universal Display Corporation  - Is storiesUniversal Display Corporation  is Initiated by Susquehanna to Positive - Highland Mirror'
p8
aS"Apple's Slowdown Bruises Japanese Display Maker Wall Street Journal - May 10, 2016 TOKYOJapan Display Inc. said Tuesday it would report a nearly $300 million loss in the recently ended fiscal year, another sign of how slower sales of Apple Inc.'s iPhones are hitting suppliers."
p9
aS'Universal Display Corporation and Tianma Micro-electronics Enter into Long ... Yahoo Finance - Aug 4, 2016 Universal Display Corporation , enabling energy-efficient displays and lighting with its UniversalPHOLED technology and materials, today announced the signing of an OLED Technology License Agreement and Supplemental Material Purchase&nbsp;...'
p10
a.