(lp0
S'Vertex Pharmaceuticals: Avoid This Cash Vortex Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 It seems that the only things that have grown at a relatively predictable and constant rate at Vertex Pharmaceuticals  are the R&amp;D expenses and the share count.Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Position Increased by Federated ... - The Cerbat GemToday Analysts Focus on Tiffany &amp; Co. , Vertex Pharmaceuticals ... - StockNewsJournal'
p1
aS'Zacks.com featured highlights: Covanta Holding, Etsy, PTC, Incyte and Vertex ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Boston, MA-based, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  is a bio-technology company. Over the past one-month period, current quarter estimates moved up from 2 cents per share to 4 cents.'
p2
aS"Vertex's Cystic Fibrosis Strategy In Tune With Concert Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 At first glance, Vertex Pharmaceuticals  appears to have paid more than enough for Concert Pharmaceuticals'  CTP-656, a once-daily version of its marketed therapy Kalydeco.VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... - Market ExclusiveVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Acquires CTP-656, A Modified ... - Smrt Stck Nws"
p3
aS"Vertex's $160M Deal With Concert Pharmaceuticals Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 This week began with Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  announcing a deal to buy the development and commercialization rights of Concert Pharmaceuticals'  cystic fibrosis pipeline candidate, CTP-656 for a cost of&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX ... CML News - 15 hours ago This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year ...'
p5
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Upgraded at JMP Securities The Cerbat Gem - Mar 20, 2017 JMP Securities upgraded shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  from a mkt perform rating to a mkt outperform rating in a research note released on Friday.Leerink Swann Reiterates Outperform Rating for Vertex Pharmaceuticals ... - Chaffey BreezeLevels in Review on Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  - Sherwood Daily'
p6
aS"Today Analysts Focus on Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated , Fortive ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -4.47 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Is Rising But Watch The Charts And ... USA Commerce Daily - 12 hours ago With all other things going on, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  has been on a run - rising 16.54 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS'The Way Analysts See Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Post Analyst - 17 hours ago Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  traded at an unexpectedly high level on 03/21/2017 when the stock experienced a -1.98 loss to a closing price of $89.5.Analyst Upgrades  Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Stock ... - Market ExclusiveThe Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Raised to Outperform at JMP ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'Price Alert: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Stock Nears ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Price Alert: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p10
a.