(lp0
S"Microsemi Corporation to Acquire Vitesse Semiconductor Corporation PR Newswire  - Mar 18, 2015 &quot;This acquisition is further evidence of Microsemi's continuing commitment to grow as a communications semiconductor company,&quot; stated James J. Peterson, Microsemi chairman and CEO. &quot;Vitesse's highly complementary technology suite will expand our&nbsp;...Industrial IoT Drives Microsemi-Vitesse Merger - EE TimesVitesse Semiconductor  Stock Spikes Today After Being Acquired by Microsemi - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS'Vitesse Investor Seeks Appraisal After $389M Microsemi Deal Law360  - Jul 13, 2015 The petition seeks appraisal of 1.2 million shares of common stock of what was Vitesse, and now called Microsemi Communications Inc., under what is a statutory right under Delaware law for minority shareholders to have the fair value of their stock ...'
p2
aS"Microsemi's Space Products Support Iridium NEXT Satellite Program PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 Microsemi Corporation  offers a comprehensive portfolio of semiconductor and system solutions for aerospace &amp; defense, communications, data center and industrial markets. Products include high-performance and radiation-hardened&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Microsemi  to Close Manufacturing Facility in China Zacks.com - 17 hours ago Microsemi is a supplier of semiconductor components to defense, aerospace, industrial and communications markets. The company's first-quarter fiscal 2017 adjusted earnings of 62 cents per share missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 8 cents. However&nbsp;...The 924831 Shares in Microsemi Co.  Acquired by Norges Bank - Petro Global News 24924831 Shares in Microsemi Co.  Acquired by Norges Bank - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS"Chipmaker Microsemi Runs Sales Process After Skyworks Approach Bloomberg - Nov 2, 2016 That gives the Aliso Viejo, California-based company a market value of about $5.3 billion. Representatives for Microsemi, Skyworks and Bank of Montreal didn't respond to requests for comment. Microsemi makes chips for defense, communications and&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Microsemi Announces Definitive Agreement to Divest Business to Mercury Systems ... PR Newswire  - Mar 23, 2016 Microsemi Corporation  offers a comprehensive portfolio of semiconductor and system solutions for communications, defense &amp; security, aerospace and industrial markets. Products include high-performance and radiation-hardened analog&nbsp;...Mercury acquisition embeds its presence in military systems - Defense Systems'
p6
aS"Microsemi rides positive outlook for defense spending Bend Bulletin - Jan 6, 2017 Shares in semiconductor maker Microsemi are up 75 percent over a year ago, as investors remain optimistic about the company's ties to defense and aerospace, as well as the possibility that Microsemi will be acquired. Headquartered in Aliso Viejo ..."
p7
aS'Microsemi Corporation Completes Acquisition of PMC-Sierra, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 15, 2016 Microsemi Corporation  offers a comprehensive portfolio of semiconductor and system solutions for communications, defense &amp; security, aerospace and industrial markets. Products include high-performance and radiation-hardened analog&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Who Is Buying Up All The Semiconductor Companies? ECNmag.com  - Dec 28, 2015 ... turnkey systems solutions for carrier, enterprise and IoT networks worldwide. This acquisition is further evidence of Microsemi's continuing commitment to grow as a communications semiconductor company, stated James J. Peterson, Microsemi ..."
p9
aS"MaxLinear buys cell tower chip assets from Microsemi The San Diego Union-Tribune - May 3, 2016 MaxLinear, which purchased San Diego set-top box chip maker Entropic Communications last year for $285 million, said the Microsemi deal won't impact its per-share earnings this year. It is expected to benefit the company's financial results next year."
p10
a.