(lp0
S"Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF. In order to examine the forward looking risk for ...Analyst's Predictions on Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (WAB ... - StockNewsJournalAnalyst's Indicator Review for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS"Acquisition Costs and Weak Market Conditions Weigh on Westinghouse Air Brake ... Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 Last year was full of challenges for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec. Not only was the rail industry under pressure due to slowing global trade, but it has taken the company longer than expected to close its acquisition of ...Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaAnalyst's Predictions on Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. , Westinghouse ... - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS"Sluggish Conditions Continue to Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... Motley Fool - Oct 25, 2016 The sluggish global economy continues to impact Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies' , or Wabtec, financial results.Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp Hits the Brakes on Costs Motley Fool - Feb 18, 2016 While momentum within the global economy is continuing to slow, it is still pushing forward. That was evident in Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies' , or Wabtec's, fourth-quarter earnings report, which was released before the market opened&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Global Economic Headwinds Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.'s ... Motley Fool - Jul 25, 2016 The global economic and currency headwinds that had been plaguing Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, over the past few quarters strengthened in the second quarter."
p5
aS'3 Things to Watch When Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2016 Despite the impact weaker commodity prices and the slowing global economy is having on the rail industry, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, had a fairly solid year in 2015, at least through the first three quarters. What ...'
p6
aS'What to Watch When Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 While Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, faced challenges in some of its key markets last year, the company expects to deliver record results in 2016.'
p7
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date ... Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.1 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 24, 2017.Stock Returns: PACCAR Inc  versus Westinghouse Air Brake ... - CML News'
p8
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation ... CML News - 16 hours ago This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  .'
p9
aS"Here's Why Caterpillar Inc., Joy Global Inc., and Westinghouse Air Brake ... Motley Fool - Apr 9, 2016 What: Shares of major industrial manufacturers Caterpillar , Joy Global , and Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. , finished March up strongly. This continued what has been a very run for all three stocks, going&nbsp;..."
p10
a.