(lp0
S'Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across US in digital push Reuters - 7 hours ago NEW YORK Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo &amp; Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S.About: Wells Fargo  - Seeking AlphaWells Fargo &amp; Company  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 - Equities.com'
p1
aS"Wells Fargo Digs Deeper Into Its Culture Issues Wall Street Journal  - Mar 21, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. has admitted it has culture problems related to its sales-practices scandal. Now, it is turning to an academic for help.Wells Fargo banks on new ad campaign to regain customer trust - ReutersWells Fargo's CEO Tries to Move Past Scandal With Ad Campaign - Bloomberg"
p2
aS"Wells Fargo CEO got nearly $13 million in compensation in 2016 MarketWatch - Mar 15, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. awarded Chief Executive Timothy Sloan $12.83 million in compensation for 2016 after he took over the embattled bank this fall following its sales practices scandal.Wells Fargo CEO Gets 17% Raise After Scandal Spurs Promotion - BloombergWells Fargo CEO: We will 'reassure' our investors  including Warren Buffett - CNBC"
p3
aS'Wells Fargo Names Cravath Partner as New Top Lawyer Wall Street Journal  - Mar 6, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. named a new top lawyer Monday, ending a monthslong search for a new general counsel who will be tasked with helping the bank recover from its recent sales practices scandal.Wells Fargo names Allen Parker general counsel - ReutersWells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is a Hidden Gem Among Financials - Investorplace.com'
p4
aS'BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co names Allen Parker general counsel Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co names Allen Parker general counsel. March 6 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. * Wells fargo names Allen Parker general counsel.'
p5
aS"BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co says company's board has 16 directors after election Reuters - Feb 23, 2017 BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co says company's board has 16 directors after election. Feb 23 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. * As a result of election of Karen Peetz and Ronald Sargent to Co's board, size of company's board is 16 directors - SEC filing Source text for Eikon:&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Wells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is in a Gold-Plated Doghouse Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Investors who expected Wells Fargo &amp; Co.  to be punished for last year's false account scandal have to squint hard to see the damage.Wells Fargo: Ride The Stagecoach - Seeking AlphaWells Fargo Bank Increases Prime Rate to 4.00 Percent - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Wanted at Wells Fargo: Three New Deputies to Run Retail Bank Bloomberg - Mar 7, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. community banking head Mary Mack is seeking three new deputies and shaking up regional leadership of the division she inherited after a bogus-account scandal.'
p8
aS"Wells Fargo Pulls Bonuses, Claws Back Top Executives' Awards Bloomberg - Mar 1, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. will withhold 2016 cash bonuses from eight senior executives and claw back compensation received in 2014 as the board holds managers accountable for the company's bogus-account scandal.Wells Fargo: Top Executives Won't Get Cash Bonus for 2016 - Wall Street Journal The Resiliency Of Wells Fargo - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS"Wells Fargo Fires Managers, Denies Bonuses in Account Probe Bloomberg - Feb 21, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. fired the head of its consumer credit-card business and three other senior managers as the bank's board examines how abusive sales practices spread through branches before spiraling into a national scandal last year.Wells Fargo fires four executives amid probe into account scandal - ReutersWells Fargo Fires Four Executives Following Probe of Sales-Practices Scandal - Wall Street Journal "
p10
a.