(lp0
S'Why Duluth Holdings, Snap Inc., and Winnebago Industries Jumped Today Motley Fool - 10 hours ago Winnebago CEO Michael Happe elaborated, &quot;Our second quarter results reflect our progress in transforming Winnebago into a larger company with greater scale, a more balanced portfolio, increased profitability and better positioned to compete effectively&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Winnebago Industries Inc. Earnings Advance 63% In Q2 Nasdaq - 19 hours ago  - Winnebago Industries Inc.  revealed a profit for its second quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.Recreational vehicles maker Winnebago sees second-quarter earnings and sales ... - Proactive Investors USA & CanadaWinnebago Industries, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Winnebago Industries Inc., 40.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - 20 hours ago Winnebago Industries Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p3
aS'Why Winnebago Industries, Inc. Stock Soared 24% Today Motley Fool - Oct 3, 2016 Shares of RV-maker Winnebago Industries, Inc.  rocketed higher today after announcing an acquisition of towable RV manufacturer Grand Design for $500 million in cash and newly issued shares.Winnebago Industries  to Acquire Towable RV Maker Grand Design - StreetInsider.comWhy Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Stock Is Soaring Today - Investorplace.com'
p4
aS'Why Winnebago Industries, Inc. Stock Gained 20% in March Motley Fool - Apr 7, 2016 What: Shares of Winnebago Industries, Inc.  were revving higher last month, gaining 20% according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence as the company rode the recovery in the broader market and posted better-than-expected earnings&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Winnebago Industries Inc.  Tumbled To A 4-Month Low After Downgrade RTT News - Mar 13, 2017 BMO Capital downgraded its rating on shares of Winnebago Industries Inc.  Friday morning to &quot;Market Perform&quot; from &quot;Outperform.Winnebago Industries Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 - Equities.comIn focus: Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Trading Patterns - Post Analyst'
p6
aS'Winnebagos Past Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Winnebago has been underperforming its peers as of late, after seeing sales and earnings go on a roller coaster ride over the past decade.'
p7
aS'Winnebago Industries Names Jeff Kubacki Vice President - Information ... Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2016 FOREST CITY, IA-- - Winnebago Industries, Inc.  today announced it has hired Jeff Kubacki to the position of Vice President - Information Technology, Chief Information Officer effective November 14, 2016.'
p8
aS'Winnebago Industries Appoints Richard Moss, CFO of Hanesbrands Inc., to Its ... Marketwired  - Jan 5, 2017 FOREST CITY, IA-- - Winnebago Industries, Inc. , a leading United States recreation vehicle manufacturer, today announced the appointment of Richard D. Moss to its Board of Directors, effective February 1,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Winnebago Industries, Inc.  Reaches $29.85 After 7.00% Up Move; Select ... Herald KS - 14 hours ago Winnebago Industries, Inc. is a manufacturer of recreation vehicles used primarily in leisure travel and outdoor recreation activities.'
p10
a.