(lp0
S'Wal-Mart Stores Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - 12 hours ago This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Wal-Mart Stores Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.'
p1
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Closes 0.5% Up on the Day for March 22 Equities.com - 9 hours ago Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  ended the trading day Wednesday at $70.25, representing a move of 0.5%, or $0.35 per share, on volume of 6.43 million shares.Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemThe Mayo Investment Advisers LLC Reduces Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Wal-Mart: Dividend Champion Gets Challenged By Consumers Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 While some of that fear is certainly justified by both competition from Amazon and a fierce pricing battle among grocery stores , I think shares still price in a little more fear that necessary. Around $75, my ...Wal-Mart Stores Inc Buys Online Specialty Retailer ModCloth  - Market ExclusiveWal-Mart Stores Inc  Buys Modcloth as It Seeks to Increase E ... - Library For Smart Investors'
p3
aS'Wal-Mart to launch investment arm Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 After snapping up a series of small online retailers, Wal-Mart  is launching an innovation hub to identify the ideas, people and technologies that will drive the future of retail.'
p4
aS"Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Stock: The Turnaround Is Real! Investorplace.com - Feb 21, 2017 Not so with Wal-Mart Stores Inc  to start the new  trading week, however. WMT stock is up firmly on Tuesday following a fiscal Q4 report that, despite falling just a hair short of revenue expectations and falling outright on ...Wal-Mart Stores Inc.: Don't Rule Out This Company - Seeking AlphaWal-Mart Posts Strong Holiday Sales, But E-Commerce Battle With Amazon Pinches ... - Wall Street Journal "
p5
aS'Impact Of Pricing War On Wal-Mart Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Wal-Mart is making aggressive price cuts to remain competitive against more nimble adversaries like Aldi. It will also be facing the might of Lidl as the German discount retailer opens its first store in the U.S. this summer. We will see further price ...'
p6
aS'Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 The Dow Jones Industrial Average toppled another milestone Wednesday, breaching 21,000. One reason markets have continued to hit new highs is the expectation that President Donald Trump will soon unveil a plan for lower taxes on both corporations and&nbsp;...Three Giants Insiders Are Dumping: Apple Inc. , Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT ... - Smarter AnalystWal-Mart Stores, Inc. to Present at the Raymond James Institutional Investors ... - Business Wire '
p7
aS"Wal-Mart Stores Inc: Core US strategy working, BoFA Merrill Times of India - Mar 14, 2017 ... ** World's largest retailer's shares up as much as 1.79 pct at $71.2. ** Bank of America Merrill Lynch adds stock to its US 1 List, which represents best investment ideas of the brokerage."
p8
aS"KCK's Mighty Handle: From the living room to 4500 Wal-Mart stores Kansas City Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 For one Kansas City, Kan., startup, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. played a vital role in driving its success. &quot;Without Wal-Mart's support, especially in the beginning, we wouldn't be here,&quot; said Ben Rendo, co-founder of Mighty Good Solutions, which developed ..."
p9
aS"E-Commerce: Not As Big As You Think Seeking Alpha - Mar 20, 2017 In my previous Target article linked above, I highlighted the gargantuan advantage Wal-Mart  has from operating stores in dozens of countries where E-commerce isn't a big deal. Yet the commenters skimmed over this point. So let me state it again&nbsp;...Why the Next Frontier for Amazon.com, Inc.  Stock Could Be Finance - Investorplace.com"
p10
a.