(lp0
S'Revenue Update on WPCS International Incorporated Energy Index - 2 hours ago WPCS International Incorporated announced the earnings results for Fiscal Year 2017 and Q3. The results came in during Pre-Market on Mar 16, 2017.Should Farsighted Investors Pay Attention to WPCS International Incorporated ... - Morgan Research'
p1
aS'Given Its Low Debt-Load, Is WPCS International Incorporated  A ... Simply Wall St - Mar 7, 2017 WPCS International Incorporated  is a small-cap company - a market capitalization of less than $2 billion. Such companies have the highest growth potential, primarily due to their small-size.'
p2
aS"WPCS announces $1.M new contract signings in January Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Sebastian Giordano, Chief Executive Officer of WPCS, commented, &quot;Our current backlog remains steady at approximately $17.1M, the Company's highest levels since July 31, 2014 and which demonstrates strong potential future revenue as we head into the&nbsp;...WPCS Announces $1.1 Million New Contract Signings in January - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS'WPCS Appoints Sebastian Giordano as Its Chief Executive Officer Marketwired  - Apr 29, 2016 SUISUN, CA-- - WPCS International Incorporated , which specializes in low voltage communications and security contracting services, today announced that it has appointed Sebastian Giordano, 58, as Chief&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'WPCS International: Is a Smoldering Reversal Brewing? SmallCap Network - Jul 25, 2016 Small cap WPCS International offers a comprehensive range of capabilities in low-voltage wireless communication and integrated security systems to the public services, healthcare, energy and corporate enterprise markets in the United States.'
p5
aS"Notable Stock: WPCS International Incorporated's  stock price finalizes ... WsNews 4investors - Mar 17, 2017 WPCS International Incorporated  stock price tumbled -1.36% to finalize at $1.45 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p6
aS'WPCS Announces Financial Results for Third Quarter Ended January 31, 2017 Marketwired  - Mar 16, 2017 SUISUN, CA-- - WPCS International Incorporated , a full-service low-voltage solutions provider in the business of developing, installing and servicing integrated structured cabling, audio-visual and security&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'WPCS Appoints David Horin as New Chief Financial Officer Marketwired  - Sep 2, 2014 EXTON, PA-- - WPCS International Incorporated  , which specializes in contracting services for communications infrastructure and the development of a digital currency trading platform, today&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'WPCS Hires Kevallyn Paskos as Director of Business Development Marketwired  - Feb 25, 2016 SUISUN, CA-- - WPCS International Incorporated , which specializes in low voltage communications and security contracting services, today announced that it has hired Ms. Kevallyn Paskos  as&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'BTX Trader Snapped Up by NASDAQ listed Company  WPCS International  Stock ... CryptoCoinsNews - Dec 31, 2013 When WPCS International Incorporated  snapped up bitcoin platform developer BTX Trader last week there was cheering in cyberspace.'
p10
a.