(lp0
S'Watts Sponsors Water Filtration Tower at Elementary School in the Philippines ... Business Wire  - 10 hours ago NORTH ANDOVER, Mass.----Watts Water Technologies, Inc.  today announced its sponsorship of a water filtration system at the Pantay Elementary School in the village of Pantay Matanda, the Philippines, through the Planet&nbsp;...Watts Water Technologies, Inc.  Ducks Under The Trend Line - Midway MonitorThe Watts Water Technologies Inc  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS"Watts Water Technologies to Participate in 2017 Boenning Water &amp; Scattergood's ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Watts Water Technologies, Inc., through its family of companies, is a global manufacturer headquartered in the USA that provides one of the broadest plumbing, heating, and water quality product lines in the world.Watts Water Technologies to Participate in Seaport Global Transports ... - Business Wire Watts Water Technologies Inc. Class A  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... - Equities.com"
p2
aS'Watts Water Technologies, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Watts Water Technologies, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 28, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.18 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 16, 2017.Brokerages Set Watts Water Technologies Inc  Target Price at $61.25 - Chaffey BreezeWatts Water Technologies Inc  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'Watts Water Technologies  Shares Cross Below 200 DMA Nasdaq - Feb 10, 2017 In trading on Friday, shares of Watts Water Technologies Inc  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $62.63, changing hands as low as $60.70 per share.Watts Water Technologies  CEO Robert Pagano on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaOption Market: Watts Water Technologies Inc Risk Hits An Extreme Low - CML News'
p4
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Watts Water Technologies Inc  CML News - Mar 21, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Watts Water Technologies Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p5
aS'Guess Who Picked Up Watts Water Technologies Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Feb 9, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Watts Water Technologies, Inc.  is a supplier of products and solutions that manage and conserve the flow of fluids and energy into, through and out of buildings in the residential and commercial markets.'
p6
aS"Will Watts Water Technologies Inc. Soak up Big Profits in 2014? Motley Fool - Jan 17, 2014 Pentair's diversified exposure is fine if you want an industrial play, but for those investors looking specifically for a residential and commercial play then Watts Water is better placed. Pentair's diversification would normally be seen as a major ..."
p7
aS'Watts Water Technologies Acquires PVI Industries RTT News - Nov 2, 2016 Watts Water Technologies, Inc.  announced it acquired PVI Industries, LLC, a manufacturer of commercial water heating equipment, for approximately $78 million.'
p8
aS'Why Is Watts Water  Down 6.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - Mar 16, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Watts Water Technologies, Inc. WTS . Shares have lost about 6.2% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Watts Water Technologies Inc. Class A  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... - Equities.comThe Watts Water Technologies Inc  Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS"Watts Water Pursuing Multiple Avenues Of Self-Improvement Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2016 Watts Water Technologies  has had more than its share of management turnover in the past 15 or so years and the company's returns on capital have long been less than you'd expect from a company with market-leading products, but current&nbsp;..."
p10
a.