(lp0
S'Willamette Valley vineyards building facilities to make white, sparkling wines Capital Press - Mar 21, 2017 Domaine Serene, of Dundee Hills, has begun construction of an 8,000-square-foot winery dedicated to producing Chardonnay, sparkling wine and a white version of Pinot noir, the wine that made the Willamette Valley a player in the international wine scene.Willamette Valley: The New Burgundy - Tahoe WeeklyBreaking Down Borders in Pacific Northwest Wine - Wine Enthusiast Magazine'
p1
aS'Willamette Valley Vineyards: Preferred Stock With A Palatable 5% Yield Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2016 Summary. Willamette Valley Vineyards, Inc. has issued preferred stock with delectable benefits. Preferred shareholder vote on Feb 28th to determine issuance of more shares or another class of preferreds.'
p2
aS'ATR Check for Willamette Valley Vineyards Inc  Baxter Review - 14 hours ago Active traders have a wide variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. Presently, the 14-day ATR for Willamette Valley Vineyards Inc  is spotted at 0.14. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR ...'
p3
aS"Oregon's Willamette Valley: Wine Country Travel Without the Headaches Wall Street Journal - Sep 22, 2016 Looking for a wine-country trip without the overpriced tasting rooms and crowded restaurants? Go west, young tourist. The Willamette Valley, near Portland, is home to more than just America's best Pinot Noirfrom truly great eats to accommodations in ..."
p4
aS'Willamette Valley Vineyards SouthCoastToday.com  - Jul 1, 2016 Of all the wineries I deal with, there is none that more proactive as Willamette Valley Vineyards . I cannot believe the mailings and support I get from them.'
p5
aS'5 ways to discover Willamette Valley wine country OregonLive.com - Nov 1, 2016 Willamette Valley wine country beckons! With more than 500 wineries in the region stretching from Portland to Eugene, there are numerous ways you can chart your discovery of world-class pinot noir and other fine wines.'
p6
aS"Willamette Valley region wins Wine Star award Statesman Journal - Nov 10, 2016 Wine Enthusiast magazine named the Willamette Valley its Wine Region of the Year as a part of its prestigious Wine Star Awards, according to a press release. Other nominees include Sonoma, Provence, Champagne and Crete. Both the Rhne Valley in&nbsp;...Oregon's Willamette Valley Wins Wine Enthusiast'sPrestigious 2016 Wine Star ... - PR Newswire "
p7
aS'Spot Check on Stock With Abnormal Activity Willamette Valley Vineyards, Inc ... Melville Review - 13 hours ago Willamette Valley Vineyards, Inc.  shares are seeing unusual volume mid-trading session today. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $7.73.'
p8
aS"Willamette Valley named 2016 wine region of the year OregonLive.com - Nov 14, 2016 In a twist for Oregon, the magazine's award focuses on the Willamette Valley's history, starting with the first Pinot Noir, Chardonnay and Pinot Gris plantings from Eyrie Vineyards' David Lett, then retelling the tale of Eyrie's South Block Pinot Noir ..."
p9
aS"Crab, chowder, chilled wine at seafood fest Jan. 27-29 Statesman Journal - Jan 18, 2017 Once each year, the Northwest chowder champions at Mo's take over the Willamette Valley Vineyards kitchen for the Mo's Crab &amp; Chowder Festival, an opportunity to taste one of Oregon's most famous soups in the comfort of a tasting room."
p10
a.