(lp0
S"Here's What's Behind World Wrestling Entertainment Inc.'s Stunning, Stone-Cold ... Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 It's not often that you see a company's stock completely whiff on an earnings per share  estimate, and then soar, but that's precisely what we're witnessing today.World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.  Stock Spikes on Strong Q4 Earnings - NasdaqWorld Wrestling Entertainment's  CEO Vince McMahon on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March ... Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.12 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 27, 2017.'
p2
aS'Why Did World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. Drop 17% in October? Motley Fool - Nov 5, 2016 World Wrestling Entertainment  has staked a large part of its future on its streaming network. That means that every quarter, the most watched metric it reports when it delivers its earnings report will be the quarter-over-quarter subscriber ...'
p3
aS"How These Entertainment Stocks are Faring? -- IMAX, Live Nation, World ... PR Newswire  - 19 hours ago Taking into consideration yesterday's market sentiment, Stock-Callers.com assessed the following Entertainment - Diversified equities this morning: IMAX Corporation , Live Nation Entertainment Inc. , World Wrestling Entertainment&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'A Strong Case for Buying World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. Motley Fool - Sep 15, 2016 For most of its history, World Wrestling Entertainment  has relied on its various business partners to succeed.'
p5
aS'How Safe Is World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. Stock? Motley Fool - Jul 12, 2016 Every year since going public, World Wrestling Entertainment  has paid a dividend. Often times, the yield on that dividend was quite high.'
p6
aS"Dozens of wrestlers sue WWE for damages over brain injuries The Guardian - Jul 19, 2016 WWE has won the dismissal of some claims in other lawsuits accusing it of hiding the risks of head trauma from wrestling. The National Football League and National Hockey League have also been sued by retired players over head injuries.WWE Sued by 'Superfly' Snuka and Others Over Brain Injuries - BloombergDozens of wrestlers sue WWE over neurological injuries - Reuters"
p7
aS"World Wrestling Entertainment: Acquisition Possibility Seeking Alpha - Aug 8, 2016 The sale of WWE would make sense, especially given the recent acquisition of UFC for $4 billion by WME/IMG. In 2015, WWE had total revenues of $658.8 million  and UFC had revenues of roughly $600 million. Moreover, UFC's net profit&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"WWE: Rest Or Sleeper Hold? Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 I never really considered wrestling as a serious investment opportunity, but with the recently-published 2016 annual results, World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.  has caught my attention. They just had the highest revenues in their colorful ...Basil V. Jr. Devito Sells 8379 Shares of World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc ... - Sports PerspectivesWorld Wrestling Entertainment's  Buy Rating Reiterated at Benchmark Co. - Community Financial News"
p9
aS'World Wrestling Entertainment Plans Major Overhaul Of WWE Network And ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 14, 2016 World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.  is planning on building upon the success of its in-house digital streaming station, the WWE Network.'
p10
a.