(lp0
S'Exxon Mobil to decide soon on $10B Texas petrochemical plant FuelFix  - 16 hours ago Exxon Mobil Corp. said it will decide as soon as May whether to move forward with a planned $10 billion petrochemical complex north of Corpus Christi now that it has the desired tax breaks approved.ExxonMobil Gets Proposed Petrochemical Plant Tax Breaks, Despite Local Opposition - Houston PressSouth Texas school board approves $1.2 billion in tax breaks for Exxon plant - mySanAntonio.com'
p1
aS"Exxon ordered to turn over documents in climate change probe, work with NY AG ... CNBC - 13 hours ago Rex Tillerson, chief executive officer of Exxon Mobil Corp., speaks during the World Gas Conference, in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 2, 2015.Exxon admits it lost up to a year's worth of Rex Tillerson's 'Wayne Tracker ... - Business InsiderExxon Mobil can't find up to a year of Tillerson 'Wayne Tracker' emails - Houston Chronicle"
p2
aS"Trade Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock While It's Discounted Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 If you've been long Exxon Mobil Corporation , it's been a tough start to 2017. But a drilling of XOM stock is now offering attractive value both off and on the Exxon Mobil price chart.Exxon Mobil Corporation  Closes 0.09% Down on the Day for March 22 - Equities.comXOM, which has raised its dividend for 34 consecutive years, is expected to ... - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Will Exxon Mobil Keep You Up At Night? Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2017 The oil glut has longer legs than most expected and shows no signs of abatement. Exxon is not presently discounted enough to qualify as a buy and hold and forget about it stock.'
p4
aS"7 Reasons to Buy Exxon Mobil Corporation and Never Sell Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 ExxonMobil Corporation  is one of the world's largest integrated energy companies. If you're thinking about investing in the oil and natural gas industry, you should put this diversified global player on your short list.What Does Buying Exxon Mobil Mean? - Seeking AlphaExxon's New CEO Shifts Investments to Quick-Earning Shale Oil - Bloomberg"
p5
aS"&quot;There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.&quot; - Mark Twain Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 High oil inventories, rising U.S. rig counts, increased rig efficiency, record speculative bets, and projected growth in E&amp;P capital spending have driven oil prices down significantly and Exxon Mobil's stock to 52-week lows in recent days. Nonetheless ...Chevron and Exxon Mobil Begin to Feel the Impact of Saudi Arabian Oil ... - Yahoo FinanceExxon Could Use An Oil Price War - Bloomberg"
p6
aS"Is Exxon Mobil Likely To Acquire BP? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Rumors have resurfaced once again that Exxon Mobil  is in talks to acquire BP . That's why BP rallied 2.5% on Friday even though the price of oil maintained its downtrend.BP plc   Stock Pops on Exxon Mobil Corporation  Takeover Rumors - Investorplace.comVenezuela Wins Appeal on $1.4 Billion Payment to Exxon Mobil - Wall Street Journal "
p7
aS"Exxon Mobil Is A Buy Right Now Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corporation  has made headlines in recent months due to Rex Tillerson, the energy giant's former chairman and CEO who Donald Trump has appointed U.S.Exxon to invest $20 billion on US Gulf Coast refining projects - CNBC"
p8
aS'Exxon Mobil Corporation : Big CapX For Big Oil Simply Wall St - Mar 14, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corporation  plans to spend about $20 billion on refineries, petrochemical plants and other projects in and around the Gulf of Mexico.Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock Has Become a Bargain - Investorplace.com'
p9
aS"Buy Exxon Mobil At A 52-Week Low Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Exxon Mobil  is skirting its 52-week lows as we speak. It seems, in my opinion, that investors are dismayed about a couple of things.Buy Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock and Wait - Investorplace.comExxon Mobil Still Dow's Biggest Loser in 2017 - 24/7 Wall St."
p10
a.