(lp0
S"Xerox Announces Initial Settlement of Offers to Exchange Outstanding Notes Business Wire  - Mar 17, 2017 Eligible holders may download the offer documents from Global Bondholder Services Corporation's website at http://gbsc-usa."
p1
aS"Xerox Corporation  Dips 3.1% for March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Among the S&amp;P 500's biggest fallers on Tuesday March 21 was Xerox Corporation . The stock experienced a 3.1% decline to $7.20 with 10.89 million shares changing hands."
p2
aS'Eye on Technicals for Xerox Corp  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago When applying indicators for technical analysis, traders and investors might want to examine the ATR or Average True Range. The current 14-day ATR for Xerox Corp  is currently sitting at 0.15. The ATR basically measures the volatility of a stock ...'
p3
aS"Xerox Corp  Pops on Barron's 'Restart Button' Article Investorplace.com - Mar 6, 2017 Without the Conduent Inc businesses holding it back, it is possible that Xerox Corp can start its journey toward long-term growth.Xerox Shares Look Cheap Even With Stock's 2017 Jump - FortuneXerox Corp  Given Consensus Rating of Hold by Analysts - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS'Trade of the Day: Xerox Corp  Stock Speculative, But Encouraging Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 Xerox Corp  - This name is familiar as one of the first companies to mass-market copy machines. They were expensive, ungainly, and prone to jamming.Dividend Growth Analysis of Xerox Corporation  - Energy IndexThe Horizon Kinetics LLC Takes Position in Xerox Corp  - DailyQuint'
p5
aS"Xerox spinoff Conduent posts loss, won't complete NY work Rochester Democrat and Chronicle - Feb 22, 2017 The former business services arm of Xerox Corp. posted, in its first earnings report as a standalone company, a large loss partly due to an incomplete project with New York state.Conduent, the Xerox spinoff company, releases earnings numbers - Innovation TrailXerox spinoff Conduent finished last year $2 billion in debt - Westfair Online"
p6
aS'Xerox Corp  Receives $9.39 Average Target Price from Brokerages BNB Daily  - Mar 13, 2017 Xerox Corp logo Xerox Corp  has been given an average recommendation of Hold by the fourteen analysts that are presently covering the stock.'
p7
aS"Xerox Announces Pricing Terms of Offers to Exchange Outstanding Notes Business Wire  - Mar 14, 2017 Eligible holders may download the offer documents from Global Bondholder Services Corporation's website at http://gbsc-usa."
p8
aS'Xerox Corp  Shares Bought by Comerica Bank BNB Daily  - Mar 20, 2017 Xerox Corp logo Comerica Bank increased its stake in shares of Xerox Corp  by 2.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Top Stock Picking  Xerox Corp , Sanchez Energy Corp  - Wall Street Times '
p9
aS'Xerox Corp  Given Average Rating of Hold by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - Mar 15, 2017 Xerox Corp logo Shares of Xerox Corp  have earned an average rating of Hold from the fourteen analysts that are currently covering the firm.Large Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Xerox Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p10
a.