(lp0
S"Better Buy: Alcoa Inc. vs. Hecla Mining Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 Aluminum giant Alcoa Inc.  is finally flying solo, but it's still got some work to do. Silver and gold miner Hecla Mining  has just gone through a growth spurt and is now working on paring costs while it prepares for the next leap ..."
p1
aS'Better Buy: Silver Wheaton Corp. vs. Alcoa Corp Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2017 Silver and gold streaming company Silver Wheaton Corp  is playing out a game plan that has a history of success behind it, while aluminum giant Alcoa Corp  is really something of a new company despite the well-known name brand.'
p2
aS"Will Alcoa Corp. Pay a Dividend in 2017? Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 It's messy at Alcoa Corp.  right now because the aluminum industry giant just separated from its former specialty parts business, Arconic Inc. .Alcoa Corp  Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. - Community Financial NewsVetr Inc. disclosed Alcoa Corp , hiking its price target to $37.55 ... - Breaking Finance News"
p3
aS"China Cutbacks Do Not Make Alcoa Corp a Buy, Just Ask Teck Resources Ltd Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 The big news for Alcoa Corp  investors recently was an upgrade by Goldman Sachs. If Goldman's projects prove true, it would be massive for the aluminum maker and the global aluminum industry... But the &quot;if&quot; here is huge because it relies on&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'BRIEF-Alcoa corp -committee approved increase to the base salary of CFO Reuters - Feb 24, 2017 BRIEF-Teekay Corp says C. Sean Day will be stepping down as chairman of both Teekay and Teekay Offshore. * Teekay Corp - C. Sean Day will be stepping down from his role as chairman of both Teekay and Teekay Offshore effective June 15, 2017&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Analyst Activity  Morgan Stanley Raises Its Price Target On Alcoa Corp (NYSE ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Today, Morgan Stanley raised its price target on Alcoa Corp  to per share. There are 8 hold ratings, 12 buy ratings on the stock.The Alcoa Corp  Upgraded to Buy at the Vetr Inc. - Petro Global News 24Alcoa Corp  Lifted to Buy at Vetr Inc. - BNB Daily '
p6
aS"Arconic sells majority of its stake in Alcoa Corp Creamer Media's Mining Weekly - Feb 16, 2017 VANCOUVER  - NYSE-listed specialty alloys manufacturer Arconic has sold about 60% of its 19.9% stake in its former downstream business segment Alcoa Corp for $890-million. Arconic, which makes lightweight, high-strength&nbsp;...Arconic Begins Unwinding Alcoa Stake With $890M Share Sale - Law360 Alcoa Corp.  Upgraded at CLSA - BNB Daily "
p7
aS'Alcoa Corp  Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Alcoa Corp logo Alcoa Corp  was the target of a large decline in short interest during the month of February.Morgan Stanley Boosts Alcoa Corp  Price Target to $43.00 - BBNSTaking a Fresh Look at Alcoa Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p8
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Alcoa Corp  Stock Gets Upgraded By Goldman Sachs ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Today, Alcoa Corp  stock received an upgrade by Goldman Sachs Group Inc from Neutral to Buy. There are 9 hold ratings, 12 buy ratings on the stock.Alcoa Corp  Rating Increased to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Chaffey BreezeGoldman Sachs Upgrades Alcoa Stock: What You Need to Know - Motley Fool'
p9
aS'Alcoa Corporation Streamlines Company Structure Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Tim Reyes, President of Alcoa Cast Products since 2015, which produces differentiated aluminum products, has been appointed President of the new Alcoa Aluminum BU.Alcoa merges business units, names new aluminum unit head - Reuters'
p10
a.