(lp0
S'Advance Auto Parts Inc. Is on the Right Track Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Did Advance Auto Parts Inc.  just have a good or bad quarter? The 3.1% increase in comparable-store sales, after four straight quarters of declines, certainly suggests the company is starting to generate traction with its turnaround plans.Advance Auto Parts Announces Multi-Year Partnership with the Mexican National Team - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'Advance Auto Parts Revs Up for Fourth Annual Mobile Tour Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Interactions, the global leader in innovative retail solutions and experiential marketing, and Advance Auto Parts, Inc. , a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider that serves both professional installers and do-it-yourself customers, will ...'
p2
aS"Has Advance Auto Parts Inc. Turned the Corner? Motley Fool - Nov 22, 2016 Advance Auto Parts Inc.  has certainly found the integration of Carquest stores to be a much-harder job than it originally expected, but the new management team has started off by giving investors what they want.Advance Auto Parts Flies On Poor Results - Seeking AlphaAdvance Auto Parts' Turnaround Is Starting; JPMorgan Adds To Focus List - Benzinga"
p3
aS"Advance Auto Parts Inc. Tests Investors' Patience Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 No one said it was going to be easy, but even the most ardent admirers of Advance Auto Parts Inc.  must acknowledge that its ongoing integration of the Carquest and Worldpac stores (acquired in the 2014 purchase of General Parts International ...Building Homes For Heroes Receives $2.1M From Advance Auto Parts And Company's ... - AftermarketNews.com "
p4
aS'Interactions and Advance Auto Parts hit the road this month for two 2017 ... EPR Retail News  - Mar 14, 2017 SAN DIEGO, 2017-Mar-17 - /EPR Retail News/ - Interactions, the global leader in innovative retail solutions and experiential marketing, and Advance Auto Parts, Inc. , a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider that serves both ...'
p5
aS"Wedbush Comments on Advance Auto Parts, Inc.'s Q1 2017 Earnings  Chaffey Breeze - 4 hours ago Advance Auto Parts logo Advance Auto Parts, Inc.  - Equities researchers at Wedbush reduced their Q1 2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of Advance Auto Parts in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.The Way Analysts See Advance Auto Parts, Inc.  - ClickLancashireAdvance Auto Parts, Inc. : A Detailed Look at its Institutional ... - Post Analyst"
p6
aS"Why Shares of Advance Auto Parts Are Soaring 14% Motley Fool - Nov 15, 2016 Shares of Advance Auto Parts , one of America's largest retailers of aftermarket automotive parts and accessories, are jumping 15% in morning trading on Tuesday after the company turned in a better-than-expected third quarter the day before.Advance Auto Parts Jumps After Turnaround Plan Accelerates - Bloomberg"
p7
aS"Advance Auto Parts Revenue Boosted by Strong Same-Store Sales Wall Street Journal  - Feb 21, 2017 Advance Auto Parts Inc.'s sales climbed in its latest quarter, spurred by a surprise jump in same-store sales, though adjusted income was weaker than expected.Advance Auto Parts  Q4 Earnings Trail Estimates February 21, 2017 - Zacks.comAdvance Auto Parts Needs To Put The Pedal To The Metal In 2017 - Benzinga"
p8
aS'ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. provides automotive aftermarket parts in North America, serving do-it-for-me  and do-it-yourself , customers, as well as independently owned operators.'
p9
aS'Advance Auto Parts Growth Plans Fuel Career Opportunities Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. , a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider that serves both professional installer and do it yourself customers, is accelerating growth and plans to open 75 to 85 new stores and a state-of-the-art distribution ...Advance Auto Parts to hire more than 15000 team members in 2017 - EPR Retail News '
p10
a.