(lp0
S'Are Apple Investors Too Optimistic? Seeking Alpha - 16 hours ago Apple  is having tremendous success with it as well as with iPhone 7 Plus, Apple Watch Series 2 and its Services business, just to mention the most obvious.'
p1
aS"Apple Inc.  Could Become the Next Great Dividend Stock Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago President Donald Trump has butted heads with Apple Inc.  in the past over the company's stance on user privacy and its reliance on Chinese labor.Apple Inc.  Stock Roars To Another High, iPhone Data Points Strong - ValueWalkVan ECK Associates Corp Has $6446000 Position in Apple Inc.  - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"Can New iPads Reinvigorate Apple, Inc.'s iPad Sales? Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Declining iPad sales are putting pressure on Apple's tablet segment. Apple's iPad sales in the company's most recent quarter, or its first fiscal quarter of 2017, were down quite sharply from the year-ago quarter. iPad units fell 19%, and iPad revenue ...Apple Inc.  Might Launch Three New iPads Next Week - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS"A Risk for This Apple Inc. Supplier Emerges Madison.com - Mar 16, 2017 For years, Samsung  was the sole manufacturer of Apple's  A-series applications processors."
p4
aS'Apple Inc chief Tim Cook calls for more global trade with China Business Standard - 2 hours ago Apple has been singled out in Chinese media as a potential target for retaliation in the event of a trade war. The Global Times warned last November if Trump triggered a trade war with China, Beijing would then target firms from Boeing to Apple in a ...Apple Inc. To Invest More In China As iPhone Sales Slow - ValueWalkApple Inc. To Open More Chinese Research Centers As iPhone Sales Wane - ETF Daily News '
p5
aS'Apple Inc. Has A Secret iPhone Calibration Machine ValueWalk - Mar 15, 2017 Apple undoubtedly places customer satisfaction and innovation as top priorities, and the fact that it offers great repairs takes customer satisfaction to a whole new level.'
p6
aS"Apple May Soon Lose the Title of &quot;Most Valuable Public Company&quot; to This $2 ... Motley Fool - 4 hours ago Over the past nearly 20 years, Apple has disrupted and come to dominate multiple industries, changing the way people listen to -- and buy -- music, use computers, and interact with technology in their everyday lives. It's not a stretch to say that ..."
p7
aS'Apple Inc.  Supply Chain Signals Upside, NVIDIA Corporation  Jumps ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Between a robust supply chain abroad for Apple Inc.  and an impressive new collaboration for NVIDIA Corporation  and Bosch, analysts across the Street are betting on these two tech giants.'
p8
aS"Apple Inc. Building Graphics Chip Team in the UK Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 What I suspect Apple is doing is building a parallel graphics processor team to the one that it already has in place. If that hypothesis is correct, it'll mean that the company will gain the ability to work on multiple graphics processors in a &quot;leap ..."
p9
aS'Swatch Finally Responds To Apple Watch Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 According to the Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry, unit exports of Swiss watches declined by 10% y/y to 25.383 million in 2016.'
p10
a.