(lp0
S'Option Trading: ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  Powerful Short Put ... CML News - Jan 21, 2017 We find a very powerful outcome examining short put spreads for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p1
aS"ACADIA Pharma Looks Like A Take-Out Target Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 But one company in particular has this San Diegan very interested. The company I'm talking about is ACADIA Pharmaceuticals , and in a field of speculative, pre-FDA-approval pharma companies, ACADIA has potential few others possess."
p2
aS'ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - 12 hours ago ACADIA Pharmaceuticals logo ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday.Taking a Closer Look at Shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  - Davidson RegisterACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. : How technical indicators have come out? - Post Analyst'
p3
aS'ACADIA: A Buyout Remains Most Likely Scenario Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals has surged ahead some 80% over the past year thanks to the FDA approval of Nuplazid, the first drug to be approved for the psychosis associated with Parkinsons.'
p4
aS"Don't Be So Sure ACADIA Wants To Sell Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 I have owned for myself and the Clients of Mott Capital Management, LLC shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals  for well over two years now.ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  Has A Problem With Nuplazid - BNL Finance   "
p5
aS'Earnings Reaction History: ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc, 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement ...'
p6
aS'Option Market Alert: ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An ... CML News - 17 hours ago No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p7
aS'Iceberg Ahead With Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  Weak Guidance ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 1, 2017 Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  has Canaccord worried after releasing 2017 financial guidance yesterday morning that came up short of already subdued expectations.'
p8
aS"ACADIA Pharma  Q4 Earnings: What's in Store this Time? Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 The company's track record is dismal. ACADIA has missed estimates in all the trailing four quarters, bringing the average negative earnings surprise to 19.07%."
p9
aS'ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Reports Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines to address unmet medical needs in central nervous system  disorders, today announced its financial&nbsp;...'
p10
a.