(lp0
S'Accenture plc: Accenture Expands Capabilities in Oregon; Opens Portland Area ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 15, 2017 PORTLAND, Ore.; Mar. 14, 2017 - Accenture  today announced an expansion of its capabilities in Oregon, including a new office that is now home to 100 Accenture employees who work with clients in Washington County. Accenture will focus on&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Accenture  Closes Consulting Firm Seabury's Acquisition Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Within two months of entering into an agreement, Accenture Plc ACN completed the acquisition of Seabury Group - a strategy consulting firm - that mainly focuses on the aviation industry, last week."
p2
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture and Docker Expand Relationship, Add Container ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK &amp; SAN FRANCISCO; Mar. 15, 2017 - Accenture  and Docker today announced an expanded global alliance and the availability of container services within the Accenture Cloud Factory, providing industrialized solutions for enterprises to&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"It May Be Another Record Year in China for Fintech, Accenture Says Bloomberg - Mar 7, 2017 Chinese financial-technology investments this year may exceed 2016's record $10 billion as companies continue to raise funds for expansion and big banks grow their digital services, according to Accenture Plc. The country's financial-services giants ...China Seen Sustaining Record Fintech Investments, Accenture Says - BloombergQuint"
p4
aS'Buffett Should Be Buying Accenture Seeking Alpha - Feb 26, 2017 Let us begin by analyzing one of my favorite dividend growth companies, Accenture PLC  and at the same time explain how the methodology involved in this analysis came about.'
p5
aS'Accenture Is A Long Term Winner Seeking Alpha - Feb 19, 2017 Accenture PLC  is a professional service juggernaut that is a low risk, high potential return, long term play. They are about as financially sound as a company can be.Wesbanco Bank Inc. Lowers Position in Accenture PLC  - BNB Daily Accenture PLC - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Signs Global Agreement with SAP to Offer Human ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 6, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 6, 2017 - Accenture  today announced that it has signed a global original equipment manufacturer  agreement with SAP SE  to offer its human capital management  applications on SAP Cloud&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Completes Seabury Group Acquisition, Bolsters ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 10, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 10, 2017 - In a move designed to deepen its existing aviation capability, Accenture  has completed its acquisition of the corporate advisory and consulting businesses of Seabury Group, a New York-based professional services&nbsp;...Seabury Capital Expands Speciality Finance, Investment Banking, Technology and ... - Yahoo Finance'
p8
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Announces Intent to Acquire Digital Agency ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 20, 2017 KRONBERG i. Ts and HAMBURG, Feb. 20, 2017 - Accenture  has announced its intent to acquire SinnerSchrader AG, one of the leading digital agencies in Germany.Accenture announces deal to buy SinnerSchrader - Seeking AlphaAccenture to Buy Stake in Digital Agency SinnerSchrader AG - Yahoo Finance'
p9
aS'Accenture plc: Accenture Acquires Davies Consulting, Adding Strong Asset, Risk ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 1, 2017 NEW YORK; Mar. 1, 2016 - Accenture  has acquired Davies Consulting, an innovative provider of utility asset management, risk management, grid and pipeline network modernization and emergency management services.'
p10
a.