(lp0
S'P10 Industries, Inc., formerly Active Power Inc., files its Annual Report on ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 AUSTIN, TX-- - P10 Industries, Inc. , formerly Active Power, Inc., today announced it has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December ...'
p1
aS'P10 Industries Announces Delisting and Deregistration of Common Stock Marketwired  - Nov 30, 2016 AUSTIN, TX-- - P10 Industries, Inc.  today announced it has filed with the U.S.'
p2
aS'P10 Industries Inc. MarketWatch - Nov 30, 2016 P10 Industries Inc. OTC: PIOI. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p3
aS"Active Power  Announces Completion of Sale; Will Change Name to 'P10 ... StreetInsider.com - Nov 21, 2016 &quot;The closing of this deal is a significant milestone,&quot; said Mark A. Ascolese, who is continuing as president and CEO of the newly named company P10 Industries, Inc. &quot;The financial strength and long-term approach of Langley Holdings PLC, Piller's parent&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"P10 Industries, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Nov 29, 2016 On November 22, 2016, T. Patrick Kelly resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of P10 Industries, Inc. , including as a member of the various committees of the Company's Board of Directors on which he served."
p5
aS'Active Power Begins New Business Model to Support Monetization of Intellectual ... Marketwired  - Nov 19, 2016 AUSTIN, TX-- - Active Power  today announced it is changing its name to P10 Industries, Inc., following the previously disclosed sale of substantially all of its operating assets and liabilities to Piller ...'
p6
aS"Active Power Sale Complete to Langley Holdings PLC Yahoo Finance - Nov 19, 2016 &quot;The closing of this deal is a significant milestone,&quot; said Mark A. Ascolese, who is continuing as president and CEO of the newly named company P10 Industries, Inc. &quot;The financial strength and long-term approach of Langley Holdings PLC, Piller's parent&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Filinvest Land allots over P10 billion for Mindanao Expansion Inquirer.net - Sep 23, 2016 Filinvest Land, Inc.  is set to invest an additional P5 billion in the next three  years in Mindanao as it expands its Futura Homes economic housing, its Spatial Medium-Rise Building  portfolio with new projects in South Cotabato and Davao ...'
p8
aS'Losses from fake stamps impact on growth  BIR Philippine Star - Feb 1, 2017 BIR Deputy Commissioner Jesus Clint Aranas said leakages caused by the use of fake tax stamps in the tobacco industry could exceed the previous industry estimate of P10 billion. More , big enough to make an impact on our economy,&nbsp;...Fake tax stamps probe widened - Inquirer.net'
p9
aS'Teva and Celltrion Announce Exclusive Biosimilar Commercial Partnership Business Wire  - Oct 6, 2016 JERUSALEM and INCHEON, South Korea----Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. , Celltrion, Inc. and Celltrion Healthcare today announce that the companies have entered into an exclusive partnership to ... CT-P10 is a ...Teva teams with Celltrion in $160m biosimilar deal - GlobesTeva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. , Celltrion, Inc. (KOSDAQ ... - Market Exclusive'
p10
a.