(lp0
S'Adobe Is Now A Clear Buy Seeking Alpha - 14 hours ago The company reported revenue of $1.68 Billion, topping expectations by $30 Million, but more importantly, representing a 21.7% revenue increase year over year.Adobe Systems Incorporated  Announces Q1 Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results - Smarter AnalystAnalyst Activity  Cowen and Company Reiterates Outperform on Adobe Systems ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Adobe Systems Incorporated  Heffx Trading Outlook Live Trading News - Mar 17, 2017 A big black candle occurred. This is bearish, as prices closed significantly lower than they opened. If the candle appears when prices are high, it may be the first sign of a top.'
p2
aS"Why Adobe Systems Incorporated  Stock Will Keep on Truckin' Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 It was only a few years ago that investors were wondering whether Adobe Systems Incorporated  was in a long-term decline.Analyst Activity  Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy on Adobe Systems ... - Market ExclusiveSell-Side Analyst's Predictions: HCA Holdings, Inc. , Adobe Systems ... - The USA Commerce"
p3
aS"3 Stocks to Watch on Friday: Netflix, Inc. , Valeant Pharmaceuticals ... Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 ... colliding with the first round of the NCAA men's basketball tournament, a few companies are still worth watching: They include Netflix, Inc. , Adobe Systems Incorporated  and Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc ."
p4
aS'Adobe Systems Incorporated  Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 On March 16, 2017 , Adobe Systems Incorporated  issued a press release announcing its financial results for its first fiscal quarter ended March 3, 2017 .'
p5
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Adobe Systems Incorporated  The USA Commerce - 22 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Adobe Systems Incorporated , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Adobe Systems Designs Another Record Quarter Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017 Adobe Systems Incorporated  announced its best-ever fiscal first-quarter results Thursday after the market closed, including record revenue, profits, and cash flow driven by strong adoption and retention for its Creative Cloud and ...'
p7
aS"Adobe Systems Incorporated  Remains an Industry Powerhouse Investorplace.com - Feb 17, 2017 If you own a computer, chances are good you've heard of or used Adobe Systems Incorporated , which is most well-known for popular consumer programs such as Acrobat Reader, Flash Player and Photoshop.Stock Returns: Adobe Systems Incorporated  is Beating Intuit Inc ... - CML NewsWhat Analysts are Predicting For Adobe Systems Incorporated , Invesco ... - The USA Commerce"
p8
aS"Adobe Systems Incorporated 's RSI Reaches Overbought Range Aiken Advocate - 3 hours ago Adobe Systems Incorporated  stock has entered overbought territory as the 14-day Relative Strength Index reading touched 84.89 after yesterday's close."
p9
aS"What Does The Chart For Adobe Systems Incorporated  Tell Us Presently? NY Stock News - Mar 17, 2017 Adobe Systems Incorporated  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.