(lp0
S'Why Analog Devices  Could Be a Potential Winner Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is Analog Devices, Inc. ADI. This Semiconductor - Analog and Mixed stock has actually seen estimates rise over the past month for the current ...Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy on Analog Devices ... - Market ExclusiveThe Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher &amp; Co. sells partial stakes of Analog Devices ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'Analog Devices  Completes Linear Technology Buyout Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc. ADI, a leading supplier of analog and DSP integrated circuits, has completed the acquisition of Linear Technology.Analog Devices Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 13 - Equities.com'
p2
aS'Another Huge Walton Family Trade Highlights Insider Selling: Wal-Mart, Kodak ... 24/7 Wall St. - 55 minutes ago Analog Devices Inc.  has been on a huge run, and a director at the chip company took advantage by selling a block of 50,000 shares of the stock at prices that ranged from $83.00 to $83.50.'
p3
aS'Analog Devices, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  designs, manufactures and markets a portfolio of solutions that leverage high-performance analog, mixed-signal and digital signal processing technology, including integrated circuits , algorithms, software and&nbsp;...Analog Devices-Linear Technology expected for closure March 10 - Seeking AlphaAnalog Devices Completes Acquisition of Linear Technology - Business Wire '
p4
aS'Can Analog Devices  Run Higher on Strong Earnings Estimate Revisions? Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.ADI is an American multinational semiconductor company that could be an interesting play for investors.New Strong Buy Stocks for March 15th - Zacks.com'
p5
aS"Trade of the Day: Process Analog Devices, Inc.  Stock for More Gains Investorplace.com - Feb 27, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  - Analog Devices manufactures high-performance integrated circuits for analog and digital processing applications and benefits from the continuous growth of its industrial and automotive segments.Analog Devices Inc Risk Points versus Technology - CML NewsToday's Brokerage Rating: Franklin Resources, Inc. , Analog Devices, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS'Analog Devices, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 22, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 22, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.45 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 07, 2017.How Analysts View Analog Devices After Earnings - 24/7 Wall St.'
p7
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for Analog Devices, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 23 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Analog Devices, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS"AMD, Analog Devices Stocks Could Spook Shorts Schaeffers Research  - Mar 14, 2017 Among the list of uptrending equities that could be on the cusp of a short-covering rally are several semiconductor names, including Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Analog Devices, Inc. . Below, we'll take a look at how AMD&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Analog Devices' New Active Learning Modules Focus on Improving Analog and ... Business Wire  - Mar 17, 2017 NORWOOD, Mass.----Analog Devices, Inc. today announced two active learning modules that help introduce students and enthusiasts to electrical engineering concepts in a cost effective, easy-to-use, hands-on environment."
p10
a.