(lp0
S"Archer Daniels Focuses on Strategic Growth: Should You Add? Nasdaq - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company ADM have outperformed both the Zacks categorized Agricultural Operations industry and the broader sector in the past one year.ADM China Expansion Targets Fish Food Demand  - InvestopediaAnalyst's Indicator Review for Zoetis Inc. , Archer-Daniels-Midland ... - The USA Commerce"
p1
aS'ADM makes investments in Chinese animal nutrition facilities Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Archer Daniels Midland Company  announces that it will expand its animal nutrition capabilities in China. The company is constructing a new feed-premix facility in Xiangta and adding aquaculture feed production lines at its existing Nanjing&nbsp;...ADM to expand in China; eyes demand for animal and fish feed - Daily MailADM to Expand Animal Nutrition Capabilities with New Facilities in Xiangtan ... - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Research Reports on Farm Products Equities -- Archer-Daniels-Midland, Bunge ... PR Newswire  - Mar 7, 2017 These products include fertilizers, sod, grains, and fruit and vegetable transplants. Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com shifts focus on these four stocks: Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , Bunge Ltd , Adecoagro S.A. , and ...'
p3
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company , EOG Resources ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.Still A Value Trap?  Archer-Daniels-Midland Company , EOG Resources, Inc ... - USA Commerce DailyAnalyst Opinion on: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  - TRA"
p4
aS"Lookout for Price Target? United Parcel Service, Inc. , Archer-Daniels ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 7, 2017 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.84, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM ... - The USA CommerceInsider Trading Activity Archer-Daniels-Midland Company   Insider ... - Market Exclusive"
p5
aS"Steering Attention Towards Earnings; Analysts Weigh in on Archer-Daniels ... Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago Investors and analysts will be looking ahead to Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 's next earnings report which is slated to be released sometime on or around 2017-05-02 for the period ending on 2017-03-31."
p6
aS"Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Marriott International, Inc. (MAR ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.84, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p7
aS"Option Market: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Risk Hits A Tumbling Low CML News - Feb 24, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Archer-Daniels-Midland ...Why Investors remained confident on Yum! Brands, Inc. , Archer-Daniels ... - StockNewsJournalADM brokerage arm shifts more trades onto computer screens - Reuters"
p8
aS'Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Price Volatility Hits A Tumbling Low CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over ...'
p9
aS'What Analysts Report Indicates About Archer-Daniels-Midland Company ? Transcript Daily - Mar 16, 2017 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company  has raised a target price of $44.222 from analysts. It is subject to 9 approximations.'
p10
a.