(lp0
S"Public Companies: American Equity Investment Life Holding Co. Business Record - Jan 13, 2017 Company officials say the new rule doesn't work well with the independent distribution model through which American Equity's fixed index annuities are sold. However, it can sell traditional fixed annuities without the index component, which will enable ..."
p1
aS'American Equity Investment Life Holding  Position Maintained by State ... Chaffey Breeze - 4 hours ago American Equity Investment Life Holding logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System continued to hold its stake in shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent&nbsp;...American Equity Investment Life Holding - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSStock on Radar: American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL ... - Rockville Register'
p2
aS'BRIEF-American Equity Investment Life Holding Q4 earnings per share $1.35 Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 BRIEF-American Equity Investment Life Holding Q4 earnings per share $1.35. Feb 8 American Equity Investment Life Holding Co : * American equity reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 results. * Q4 non-GAAP operating earnings per share $0.63.'
p3
aS'Common Share Dividend Yield of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company ... Energy Index - Mar 15, 2017 The dividend growth rate of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 15.25% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.93.American Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Broker Price ... - Fiscal StandardPrice-to-Earnings-Growth Ratio Of American Equity Investment Life Holding ... - Equities Focus'
p4
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina On Q4 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss fourth quarter 2016 earnings.American Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Sets New 52-Week High ... - BNB Daily Analyst's Predictions on Berry Plastics Group, Inc. , American Equity ... - StockNewsJournal"
p5
aS'Why American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2016 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company is one of the largest sellers of indexed annuities. Under the new rules, conflicts of interests between brokers and annuity buyers will have to be disclosed to the customer, which could put a dent in ...US Targets Indexed Annuities in Obama Retirement Rules - Bloomberg'
p6
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina on Q3 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss third quarter 2016 earnings."
p7
aS'Zacks.com featured highlights: LG Display, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, American ... Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017 Value investors tend to cling to the price-to-earnings  ratio while looking for stocks that are trading at attractive prices.Tap 5 Value Stocks with Enticing EV/EBITDA Ratios - Yahoo Finance'
p8
aS'American Equity to Present at Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company , a leading issuer of fixed index annuities, today announced that John Matovina, Chief Executive Officer and Ted Johnson, Chief Financial Officer, will be presenting at the Raymond James 38th Annual&nbsp;...The American Equity Investment Life Holding  Receives $23.86 Average ... - DailyQuint'
p9
aS'Why Harley-Davidson, American Equity Investment Life, and MTS Systems Slumped ... Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2016 Yet even though overall markets fared reasonably well, some companies still struggled, and American Equity Investment Life , MTS Systems , and Harley-Davidson  were among the relatively few big losers on the day ...'
p10
a.