(lp0
S'Why Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. Stock Jumped 25% in February Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Shares of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  skyrocketed 25% in the month of February, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the chickencentric fast-food chain announced it will be acquired by Burger King and Tim&nbsp;...What Type of Consensus Views Analysts Say about Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc ... - Hot Stocks Point'
p1
aS"Why Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 More specifically, Restaurant Brands International will acquire Popeyes for $79.00 per share in cash, or roughly $1.8 billion.'Just getting started': Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc acquisition may not be ... - Financial PostPopeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Stock Soars on QSR Takeover Offer - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS'Popeyes CEO Cheryl Bachelder to Step Aside After Takeover Wall Street Journal  - Mar 2, 2017 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. on Thursday said Chief Executive Cheryl Bachelder will step down when the chicken restaurant becomes part of Restaurant Brands International Inc., the owner of Burger King and Tim Hortons.Cheryl Bachelder to Step Down as CEO of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Upon ... - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  Short Interest Update The Cerbat Gem - 3 hours ago Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen logo Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  was the target of a significant decrease in short interest in the month of February.Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.  1-Year Price Target At $74.777 - Enterprise Leader'
p4
aS'Restaurant Brands International Inc. Makes a Genius Acquisition in Popeyes ... The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 23, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Inc.  soared 7.05% on Tuesday following news that the company will be acquiring fried chicken fast-food chain Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  for US$1.7 billion in cash. I believe the&nbsp;...Popeyes deal may be small, but it can still be meaningful for Restaurant Brands - Financial PostRestaurant Brands International Was Right About Popeyes - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS"Stock Returns: Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  is Beating Papa ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  versus Papa John's International Inc  ."
p6
aS'Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.  ERP5  A Look at Valuation Business Review - 23 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p7
aS'BRIEF-Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen says CEO Bachelder to step down Reuters - Mar 2, 2017 March 2 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc: * Cheryl Bachelder to step down as CEO of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Upon closing of transaction with restaurant brands international inc. * Says CEO Cheryl Bachelder resigned Source text for Eikon: Further&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Monteverde &amp; Associates PC Announces an Investigation of ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 NEW YORK, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Juan Monteverde, founder and managing partner at Monteverde &amp; Associates PC, a boutique securities firm headquartered at the Empire State Building in New York City, is investigating Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Popeyes takeover deal may come this week Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 A deal to acquire Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen  could be announced as early as this week, according to Reuters, as Restaurant Brands  looks to take over the fried-chicken chain.'
p10
a.