(lp0
S'Lincoln Educational Services  Reaches $2.34 After 8.00% Up Move, Amn ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 15, 2017 Alta Natural Herbs and Supplements Ltd is a Canada dietary supplements and neutraceuticals company. The company has market cap of $1.69 million.'
p1
aS'INDUSTRY BRIEFS Oil & Gas Financial Journal - Jan 18, 2017 Anadarko Petroleum has agreed to sell its operated and non-operated upstream assets and operated midstream assets in the Marcellus Shale of north-central Pennsylvania to Alta Marcellus Development LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Alta Resources ...'
p2
aS"Bike sharing takes hold in the US BikeRadar.com - Aug 28, 2011 &quot;We're over the major failure points: theft and vandalism, the systems in place are surviving; the safety record of the systems are, so far, extremely positive, and liability has not been an issue,&quot; said Alison Cohen, the president of Alta Bicycle ..."
p3
aS'Destructive Washington fire empties another town Daily Mail - Jul 18, 2014 PATEROS, Wash.  - A massive wildfire that has destroyed at least 100 homes has forced the residents of a second north-central Washington town to leave their homes, and prompted a partial evacuation of a third community, a sheriff said Friday night.'
p4
aS"The story of the tragic death of Ezekiel Stephan in 2012 begins with the ... Calgary Herald - Jun 13, 2016 n January of 1994, Debora Stephan drove her silver minivan to a remote park outside Cardston, Alta. The 40-year-old had been ... In addition to those treatments, Ezekiel regularly took several supplements, including one called EMPowerplus. It's the ..."
p5
aS'Alberta father jailed, mother gets house arrest in meningitis baby death Toronto Star - Jun 24, 2016 LETHBRIDGE, ALTA.A couple who failed to get proper medical treatment for their son who died of bacterial meningitis are going to spend time in custody.'
p6
aS"Exploiting December tax-loss selling MarketWatch - Dec 1, 2011 CHAPEL HILL, N.C.  - One oft-repeated trading rule on Wall Street says we shouldn't let Uncle Sam manage our portfolios."
p7
aS"Jury deliberates in case of anti-vax parents charged in child's meningitis death Hamilton Spectator - Apr 26, 2016 LETHBRIDGE, ALTA.The jury in the case of an Alberta couple charged in the meningitis death of their toddler son will begin a second day of deliberations Tuesday."
p8
aS"AltaGas: Value, Safety And Growing Monthly Income Seeking Alpha - Aug 1, 2016 AltaGas Ltd.  [TSX:ALA] is one of North America's largest and most diversified energy infrastructure companies."
p9
aS'Drillship or semi? The choice is not always clear Offshore Oil and Gas Magazine - Jan 13, 2012 When Santa Fe Inter-national, now GlobalSantaFe  after merging with Global Marine in November 2001, approached Friede &amp; Goldman Ltd.  to design a drilling rig for development drilling, it was this consideration that led to the Development ...'
p10
a.