(lp0
S'American International Group  Up 3.9% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for American International Group, Inc. . Shares have added about 3.9% in that time frame, outperforming the market.The American International Group Inc  Downgraded by Deutsche Bank AG - Petro Global News 24American International Group Inc  Receives $64.82 Average PT from Brokerages - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS"AIG: Difficult To Value, Easy To Own Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Is AIG really that difficult to own at $62.50 despite Deutsche Bank cutting the price target to $57? The investment thesis in AIG hasn't really changed much over the months despite all the noise. The global insurance company reported a Q4 after-tax ..."
p2
aS"American International Group Inc  Reportedly Removed CEO to Avoid ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Citing sources, the Journal reported that Hancock agreed to leave the company after meeting with several directors. They expressed their concerns about his ability to improve AIG's performance, while several board members feared a potential fight with ...AIG: Icahn Finally Making Headway - Seeking AlphaAIG Directors Asked CEO Hancock to Resign to Avoid Fight with Icahn: WSJ - Insurance Journal"
p3
aS'American International Group, GameStop, Gilead Sciences Downgraded Schaeffers Research  - Mar 13, 2017 Analysts are weighing in on insurance giant American International Group Inc , video game retailer GameStop Corp.'
p4
aS"AIG CEO to resign after dismal earnings, successor unclear Daily Mail - Mar 9, 2017 March 9  - American International Group Inc said on Thursday its Chief Executive Peter Hancock will step down, a decision he made after poor financial performance frustrated shareholders and the insurer's board of directors."
p5
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for American International Group, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 21 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on American International Group, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'American International Group, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March ... Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 American International Group, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.32 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 29, 2017.'
p7
aS"The Charts For American International Group, Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes Today NY Stock News - 20 hours ago American International Group, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p8
aS"AIG Is Better Positioned by 'Quite a Margin,' CEO Says Bloomberg - Feb 16, 2017 American International Group Inc. Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock, seeking to recover from the company's biggest stock drop since 2011, said the worst is behind the insurer after he struck a deal to limit risk on poorly performing policies."
p9
aS'AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017  On March 6, 2017, American International Group, Inc.  announced that Martha Gallo has been appointed Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer of AIG.'
p10
a.