(lp0
S"New home for Arthur J. Gallagher in Aberdeen Press and Journal - Mar 9, 2017 He added: As part of one of the world's largest insurance brokers, we can also leverage the power of global resources and expertise to create competitive, customised solutions for our clients.Leading stocks in today's market: Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  - Twin County NewsNorthern Trust Corp Has $95502000 Position in Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS'Giles BaxterArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.CIO 100 2016 - No. 79 CIO UK - Apr 21, 2016 Arthur J Gallagher prides itself on being a socially responsible company. A desire to deliver with a social responsibility is something I look for in the hiring process.'
p2
aS'Financial management firm Argentis acquired by Arthur J Gallagher &amp; Co. Startups.co.uk - Nov 10, 2016 Argentis, the Canterbury-based financial planning and employee benefits consultant, has been acquired by US insurance brokerage Arthur J Gallagher &amp; Co. Founded in 2005, Argentis provides benefit and wealth management services to private and&nbsp;...American broker Arthur J. Gallagher buys London advice firm - Citywire.co.ukArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Argentis - PR Newswire '
p3
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Construction Risk Solutions, LLC PR Newswire  - Jan 9, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...'
p4
aS'Form 4 GALLAGHER ARTHUR J &amp; CO For: Mar 10 Filed by: DURKIN JAMES W JR StreetInsider.com - Dec 21, 2016 Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue. See Instruction 1. 1. Name and Address of Reporting Person *. DURKIN JAMES W JR. , , . ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER &amp; CO. TWO PIERCE&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Hill, Chesson &amp; Woody PR Newswire  - Jan 13, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client-service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...'
p6
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Ace IRM Insurance Broking Group In Australia PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and does business in more than 150 countries around the world through a network of&nbsp;...Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 01, 2017 - Nasdaq'
p7
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co acquires Orb Financial Services Consultancy.uk - Aug 11, 2016 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. has acquired Surrey-based Orb Financial Services, adding 14 professionals to its UK-based operation.'
p8
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires The Presidio Group, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 31, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Eagle Insurance Agency in New York - Insurance Journal'
p9
aS'Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. Acquires Lewis &amp; Associates Insurance Brokers, Inc. PR Newswire  - Feb 7, 2017 Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co., an international insurance brokerage and risk management services firm, is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, has operations in 33 countries and offers client service capabilities in more than 150 countries around the world ...Insider Trading at Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.? - Sports PerspectivesArthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.