(lp0
S'Alaska Air Group February Traffic and Capacity Increase Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 Alaska Air Group Inc.  witnessed a 1.7% rise in traffic in the month of February from a year ago. Traffic - measured in revenue passenger miles  - came in at 3.5 billion, up from 3.4 billion recorded in Feb 2016.'
p1
aS'Alaska Air Group Combined Feb. Traffic Up 1.7% - Quick Facts Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017  - Alaska Air Group Inc.  announced that, on a combined basis for all operations, Air Group reported a 1.7 percent increase in traffic on a 1.2 percent increase in capacity compared to February 2016.Alaska Air Group reports February 2017 operational results - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Alaska Air Group Inc says expects consolidated nonoperating expense of ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 13 U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to formally announce a review of vehicle fuel efficiency rules locked in at the end of the Obama administration when he meets with automaker chiefs this week, according to two sources&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Imperial Capitas treads lightly in airline sector Seeking Alpha - 21 hours ago &quot;2017 is likely to be a transition year, with margins under pressure due to greater than anticipated domestic and international capacity growth, unit revenues lagging previous expectations, spiking labor costs, and rising jet fuel prices,&quot; reads the ...'
p4
aS"Why Alaska Air Group, Inc. Stock  Deserves a Place in Your Portfolio Investorplace.com - Mar 2, 2017 Seattle, WA based Alaska Air Group, Inc.  has lately been the shining star of the airline industry. Shares of the carrier gained 47% over the last six months, comfortably outperforming the Zacks categorized Transportation- Airline industry, which ...Insider Trading Activity Alaska Air Group, Inc.   VP Sold 16781 ... - Market ExclusiveAnalyst's Indicator Review for Alaska Air Group, Inc. , The Estee Lauder ... - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS"Imperial Capital Research Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Alaska Air Group ... The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Alaska Air Group logo Alaska Air Group, Inc.  - Research analysts at Imperial Capital cut their Q1 2017 earnings per share estimates for Alaska Air Group in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday.Today's Brokerage Rating: Republic Services, Inc. , Alaska Air Group, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS'Alaska Air Group Inc Risk Points versus Transportation CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Alaska Air Group Inc  compared to its own past and the Transportation ETF.'
p7
aS"Virgin America boosts Alaska Airlines' February traffic; storms hit on-time ... Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 10, 2017 Alaska Air Group Inc. notched slightly higher passenger traffic in February thanks to increases on Alaska Airlines and its newly acquired Virgin America affiliate in California.Having bought Virgin, Alaska Airlines plans big SFO expansion - San Francisco ChronicleIndianapolis airport scores another nonstop flight to San Francisco - Indianapolis Business Journal"
p8
aS'Alaska Air Group Could Be a Buffett-Munger Stock Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017 2016 was quite a year for Alaska Air Group Inc. . Not only did it have strong operating and financial results, but it also completed a $4 billion acquisition of Virgin America , increased its dividend by 9%, bought back 1.5% of its shares and ...2016 Ends with $911M Profit for Alaska Air - AviationPros.comIs It Time to go for Alaska Air Group, Inc. , Williams Partners LP ? - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS"Alaska Airlines adds daily flights from San Diego as California expansion ... Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 15, 2017 Alaska Airlines said it's expanding again in the Golden State, adding service to six new destinations from Southern California's San Diego International Airport."
p10
a.