(lp0
S"What You Must Know About Alexander's Inc's  ROE? Simply Wall St - 16 hours ago With 24.5% ROE in the last year, Alexander's Inc  appeared more efficient when we look at the industry average of 11.74% ROE."
p1
aS"Alexander's Inc.: Alexander's Announces Fourth Quarter Results The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 13, 2017 PARAMUS, NEW JERSEY..........ALEXANDER'S, INC.  filed its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 today and reported: Fourth Quarter 2016 Results.Alexander's reports 4Q results - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  versus National Retail Properties ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Alexander's Inc  versus National Retail Properties Inc  ."
p3
aS"Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Alexander's, Inc.  Fiscal Standard - 13 hours ago Currently 1 analyst has outstanding research reports on Alexander's, Inc. , according to the reports 0 analysts rate the stock Buy, 0 Outperform, 0 Underperform, 0 Sell, while 1 Hold."
p4
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  is Beating Acadia Realty Trust (NYSE ... CML News - Feb 9, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Acadia Realty Trust  versus Alexander's Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months."
p5
aS"Alexander's Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Alexander's Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness."
p6
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  is Beating Washington Prime Group ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Alexander's Inc  versus Washington Prime Group Inc  ."
p7
aS"J. Alexander's Holdings, Inc. Opens Lexington Restaurant Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 Lonnie J. Stout II, President and Chief Executive Officer of J. Alexander's Holdings, Inc., said the local J. Alexander's restaurant is now welcoming guests at its location in The Summit at Fritz Farm at the Northeast corner of Man O' War Blvd. and ..."
p8
aS"Alexander's, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week Fiscal Standard - Mar 17, 2017 Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of Alexander's, Inc. . According to the the latest analyst ratings which have been released, 0 brokers have issued a rating of ..."
p9
aS"Stock Returns: Alexander's Inc  is Beating Taubman Centers Inc (NYSE ... CML News - Feb 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Alexander's Inc  versus Taubman Centers Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months."
p10
a.