(lp0
S"Alexion  Licenses Artubus Technology for Rare Diseases Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ALXN has recently licensed Arbutus Biopharma Corporation's ABUS proprietary lipid nanoparticle  technology for use in one of former's rare disease programs.Stocks Buzz -B&amp;G Foods, Inc. , Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - Daily News JournalAlexion paying up to $80M to develop new drug - Hartford Business"
p1
aS"Jim Cramer Weighs In On Alexion Pharmaceuticals And Lowe's Companies Benzinga - Mar 8, 2017 On CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer said that Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is a takeover target, but he can't recommend it just on takeover basis.Alexion Pharma  Founder to Retire as Chairman and Board Member - StreetInsider.comInsider Trading at Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.? - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"Alexion To Cut 7 Percent Of Workforce, Setting Off Political Debate Hartford Courant - Mar 15, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc., a major player in Connecticut's fledgling bioscience industry, plans to lay off more than 200 employees in the coming weeks, a spokeswoman said Wednesday."
p3
aS'Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Short Interest Update BNB Daily  - 8 hours ago Alexion Pharmaceuticals logo Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  saw a significant decline in short interest in the month of February.FMR LLC is the biggest holder of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  - Post AnalystMean Price Target Of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  At $159.937 - Transcript Daily'
p4
aS'Why Investors remained confident on TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $122.41, it has a price-to-book ratio of 3.26, compared to an industry average at 3.98.'
p5
aS'Orbimed Advisors Llc Buys Anthem, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Aetna, Sells ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 15, 2017 New York, NY, based Investment company Orbimed Advisors Llc buys Anthem, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Aetna, Humana, Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Pfizer, HCA Holdings, Eli Lilly and Co, Momenta Pharmaceuticals, sells WellCare Health Plans,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'A Look at the valuation of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Business Review - 13 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p7
aS'Alexion: Weighing The Pros And Cons Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 The pioneering biotech Alexion  has released Q4 and full-year 2016 earnings and held a conference call that had both positives and negatives.'
p8
aS'Report: Alexion to cut 7% of workforce Hartford Business - Mar 14, 2017 New Haven-based Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. is restructuring its workforce, which will impact about 7 percent of its employee base.'
p9
aS'Options Traders Alert: Covered Call reports for Alexion Pharmaceuticals ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in serving patients with severe and ultra-rare disorders through the development and commercialization of life-transforming therapeutic products.'
p10
a.