(lp0
S'Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Announces Ryzen 5 CPUs to Launch Worldwide ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  announced Ryzen 5 desktop processors will launch worldwide on April 11, 2017, offering disruptive price-to-performance for gamers and creators.Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Brings Zen To Mainstream Gamers With ... - FinancialsTrendAMD Ryzen 5 Line-up News: Company Announces Mid-Range Chips With Competitive ... - Christian Post'
p1
aS"Jim Simons Owns Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. : Should You? Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 According to Renaissance Technologies' latest 13F, run by billionaire Jim Simons, the hedge fund added 8.2 million shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  stock in the fourth quarter of 2016, a 254% increase from the quarter prior.Stock Returns: Advanced Micro Devices Inc  is Beating ON ... - CML NewsLookout for Price Target? Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , Ford Motor ... - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS'Who Could Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ? Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 With its strong positive catalysts and leverage to high growth technologies, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  could very well follow in the footsteps of Mobileye NV  and become a takeover target.Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. : Can Entry Into S&amp;P 500 Index Create A ... - Simply Wall StHow Does Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS"World's Smartest Billionaire Jim Simons Boosts Positions in Advanced Micro ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 14, 2017 According to recently-released 13F forms filed with the SEC, we can see that in Q4 the fund upped its Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Gilead Sciences, Inc.  positions but cut back its exposure to NVIDIA Corporation&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Implied Volatility Surging for Advanced Micro Devices  Stock Options Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017 Investors in shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.AMD need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately.'
p5
aS"Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Popped Nearly 20% in February Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 AMD said its revenue hit $1.11 billion for the quarter, up 15% year over year, due to strong sales of the company's GPUs. Investors were also likely pleased to see the AMD's gross margin improve to 32%, a year-over-year increase of 2 percentage points.Top Analyst Boosts Price Target on Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , Sees ... - Smarter Analyst"
p6
aS"Advanced Micro Devices Stock Falls Following Poor Review Of Ryzen 7 Benzinga - Mar 2, 2017 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  shares are trading lower by $0.55  at $14.41 in Thursday's session.Analysts Give Competitive Advantage to Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and ... - Smarter AnalystAdvanced Micro Devices -4.4% amid Ryzen 7 release - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Where Does AMD Go From Here? Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 AMD has virtually followed the same dramatic path of NVDA. Yet, both are in direct contrast to the lackluster performances of INTC and QCOM, which are their competitors.'
p8
aS"Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  Ready to Score with Its Best Server Product ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 9, 2017 In terms of foreboding, tech players Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Snap Inc  have certainly raised a fair share of eyebrows out on the Street, between AMD's Ryzen facing tough appraisal and Snap's daily plunge further and&nbsp;...Why AMD Landed a New Street-High Analyst Price Target - 24/7 Wall St."
p9
aS"The Hype Surrounding Advanced Micro Device's Ryzen Product Launch Benzinga - Feb 27, 2017 Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , which had a torrid run after 2006, began to turn the corner in early 2016.Why Advanced Micro Devices, Windstream Holdings, and Gogo Jumped Today - Motley FoolChristopher Lord's Top Q4 Trades: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , Facebook ... - Smarter Analyst"
p10
a.