(lp0
S"Considering Earnings Growth, Is The Market Undervaluing Amgen Inc ? Simply Wall St - 46 minutes ago Amgen Inc , a company with a decent past earnings performance and future growth potential, is currently trading at a PE multiple of 16.3, below the industry average of 33.2.Amgen, Inc.  Stock Crashed. Here's How to Trade It. - Investorplace.comAmgen Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 16 - Equities.com"
p1
aS'Amgen Tanks On Repatha Data: Analysis Seeking Alpha - 19 hours ago Amgen , one of the great stocks of the past several decades, has taken a 5-6% hit following a presentation of a successful major cardiovascular outcomes trial, or CVOT, with its cholesterol-lowering agent Repatha.Amgen Inc.  Is Sinking Despite Study Results - NasdaqAmgen, Inc.  Offers Money-Back Guarantee to Heart Attack Victims on Repatha - Investorplace.com'
p2
aS"Does Amgen Offer a Great Value Buying Opportunity Right Now? Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p3
aS'Amgen, Inc.  Blockbuster Pipeline Makes It One of the Best Stocks ... Library For Smart Investors - Mar 16, 2017 Amgen, Inc.  recently announced positive results from a late-stage clinical trial of its cholesterol drug .Why Amgen  Stock Rallied After Q4 Earnings Release? - NasdaqAmgen Inc. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS"Amgen Inc.  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - 23 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Amgen Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS"BRIEF-Amgen Inc reports four-year follow-up results from Repatha Osler-1 study Reuters - Mar 14, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"BRIEF-Amgen inc says to present new kyprolis and xgeva data Reuters - Mar 1, 2017 March 17 President Donald Trump's proposal to do away with the federal agency that investigates chemical accidents drew sharp criticism from environmental, labor and safety advocates, who said that eliminating the watchdog would put American lives at&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Traders Secrets on Schlumberger Limited , Amgen Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Amgen Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 11.95, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Time To Get Cautious?  Schlumberger Limited , Amgen Inc.  - USA Commerce Daily"
p8
aS'Oppenheimer Reiterates Outperform Rating and $189 PT on Amgen Inc. (AMGN ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 28, 2017 Oppenheimer and Co. analyst Leah Cann reiterates Outperform rating and $189 price target on Amgen Inc. , as the company announced positive results from overall survival interim analysis of the phase 3 Endeavor Trial.Amgen On The Verge Of A Huge Breakout To The Upside - StockNews.com Overbuying Activity: Amgen, Inc.  - Post Registrar'
p9
aS'What Makes Amgen A Compelling Buy In 2017? Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Amgen expects to meet or even surpass its financial commitments for 2018. The company has been returning significant value to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.Should You Buy Amgen, Inc.  Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons - Investorplace.comDigging Up the Facts on Amgen Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p10
a.