(lp0
S'American Independence Corp. Announces Filing of a Schedule 13E-3 Relating to a ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 28, 2016 NEW YORK, June 27, 2016  -- American Independence Corp.  today announced that a Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement has been filed with the U.S.'
p1
aS'American Independence Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... PR Newswire  - Jun 29, 2016 NEW YORK, June 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WeissLaw LLP is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of American Independence Corp.  in connection with the proposed&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Independence Holding Company and American Independence Corp. Announce Sale of ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 5, 2016 STAMFORD, Conn. and NEW YORK, Jan. 05, 2016  -- Independence Holding Company  and American Independence Corp.  today announced that they have entered into an agreement to sell the stock of&nbsp;...American Independence , Independence Holding  Agree to Sell IHC ... - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS'Independence Holding  Announces Completion of American Independence (AMIC ... StreetInsider.com - Aug 31, 2016 Independence Holding Company  announced that the merger of American Independence Corp.  with and into AMIC Holdings, Inc. became effective on August 31, 2016 .'
p4
aS'Playing His Cards Right Forbes - Feb 1, 2012 That year IHC acquired a stake in American Independence Corp. , which at the time was called SoftNet Systems. It was a failed dotcom that had raised hundreds of millions and then lost most of it.'
p5
aS"The IHC Group's Carriers Receive A-  Group Rating from AM Best ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 14, 2016 The IHC Group ) owns three insurance companies (Standard Security Life Insurance Company of New York, Madison National Life Insurance Company, Inc. and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Essential Politics: How we figured out the American Independent Party has a ... Los Angeles Times - Apr 18, 2016 ... kicking off your Monday with Essential Politics. We've been working for months on the front-page investigation published Sunday detailing how a majority of American Independent Party members in California might be registered with the party by ..."
p7
aS"UK PM Rejects Scottish Bid for Independence Referendum MarketPulse  - Mar 16, 2017 Prime Minister Theresa May rejected Scotland's bid to hold a referendum on independence before the U.K. leaves the European Union, the latest twist in the increasingly acrimonious fight over Brexit with the nationalist government in Edinburgh."
p8
aS"Investors left in the dark over SEC auditor independence charge Compliance Week   - Sep 23, 2016 Investors in Universal American Corp. have no idea that more than three years worth of the company's financial statements were the likely subject of auditor independence violations that led to charges by the Securities and Exchange Commission and a $5&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Hundreds turn out for Central American independence parade News 12 Bronx  - Sep 11, 2016 THE BRONX - Hundreds of Bronx residents of Central American descent took to the streets Sunday to celebrate their independence. The 20th annual Central American Independence Day Festival and Parade featured floats, music, flag-waving and dancing.'
p10
a.