(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy on American Midstream ... Market Exclusive - 4 hours ago American Midstream Partners, LP owns, operates, develops and acquires a portfolio of midstream energy assets. The Company is engaged in the business of gathering, treating, processing and transporting natural gas; gathering, transporting, storing ...American Midstream Partners LP  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemThe American Midstream Partners LP  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'Guess Who Picked Up American Midstream Partners Lp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 13, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , American Midstream Partners Lp  reported that Magnolia Infrastructure Holdings, Llc.American Midstream Partners LP  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS"Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP Commences Investigation on Behalf of American ... Yahoo Finance - 16 hours ago Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP  is investigating potential claims on behalf of investors of American Midstream Partners, LP   concerning the Company and its officers' possible violations&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"American Midstream Partners Announces Successful Completion of Merger with JP ... BOE Report  - Mar 8, 2017 HOUSTONAmerican Midstream Partners, LP   and JP Energy Partners LP   today announced the successful completion of the previously announced&nbsp;...New-to-Houston energy co. names new COO - Houston Business JournalWhat Investors Should Know About American Midstream Partners LP's (AMID ... - Simply Wall St"
p4
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: American Midstream Partners, LP Price Volatility ... CML News - 17 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that American Midstream Partners, LP  has seen its stock price whip around at an elevated level.'
p5
aS"New-to-Houston energy co. to buy Dallas-based energy co. Houston Business Journal - Oct 24, 2016 A energy company that recently relocated to Houston plans to scoop up a Dallas-based energy company. American Midstream Partners LP , formerly based in Denver, announced it's acquiring JP Energy Partners LP  in an&nbsp;...Two oil pipeline companies are combining in a $2 billion deal - Business Insider"
p6
aS'Rapidly Growing American Midstream Partners LP Is Under Construction Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 American Midstream  has been steadily acquiring assets over the last few years. Rapid growth has its own risks. First the ability to control costs requires far more effort during rapid growth periods and there is the possibility that the ...Noble Midstream Partners Names Martin Salinas, Jr. and Hallie Vanderhider to ... - BOE Report Energy Transfer Partners Closes on Previously Announced Acquisition of Certain ... - Business Wire '
p7
aS'American Midstream Partners, LP  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 1, 2017 American Midstream Partners, LP  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 02, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.412 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 13, 2017.'
p8
aS'MLP Bottom Fishing 6: American Midstream Partners LP Seeking Alpha - Apr 18, 2016 American Midstream Partners LP  is another beaten down Master Limited Partnership . AMID closed Friday at $7.33 and currently pays an annual distribution of $1.89 for a distribution yield of 25.8%.'
p9
aS'American Midstream Says Ajax Breached $44M Gas Agreement Law360  - Jun 14, 2016 Law360, Houston  -- American Midstream Partners LP told a Texas state judge Monday that a producer violated their 10-year agreement related to gas produced in a West Texas field and now is trying to enter an agreement with&nbsp;...'
p10
a.