(lp0
S"Why Amkor Technology, Inc. Stock Jumped Motley Fool - Nov 1, 2016 Shares of Amkor Technology , a leading provider of semiconductor packaging and test services, jumped as much as 16.5% on Tuesday following the company's third-quarter earnings report. At the time of this writing, the stock is up 10.3%.Amkor Technology's  CEO Steve Kelley on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaAmkor Technology  Stock Soars on Q3 Beat, Guidance - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS'Commit To Purchase Amkor Technology At $9, Earn 11.7% Annualized Using Options Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Investors eyeing a purchase of Amkor Technology Inc.  shares, but tentative about paying the going market price of $10.70/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.Amkor Technology, Inc. , Twilio Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of Earnings - The USA CommerceAmkor Technology, Inc. : A Detailed Look at its Institutional Ownership - Post Analyst'
p2
aS"Why Amkor Technology, Inc. Stock Jumped 21% Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 ... chip-packaging and test-services company Amkor Technology  soared as much as 20.9% after the company reported better-than-expected second-quarter revenue and earnings per share, and published better-than-expected guidance.Amkor Technology's  CEO Steve Kelley on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaAmkor Tech reports strong quarter on smartphone demand - Phoenix Business Journal "
p3
aS'Amkor Technology, Inc.  Position Maintained by Thrivent Financial for ... Chaffey Breeze - 23 hours ago Amkor Technology logo Thrivent Financial for Lutherans continued to hold its stake in shares of Amkor Technology, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned&nbsp;...Zacks Rank on Amkor Technology, Inc.  based on Estimated Earnings - Energy Index'
p4
aS'Amkor Technology, Inc.  By The Numbers: Valuation in Focus Business Review - 14 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p5
aS'Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Amkor Technology, Inc. , Sunstone ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p6
aS'Market Survey: Checking on Shares of Amkor Technology, Inc.  Rives Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Amkor Technology, Inc.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.163383.'
p7
aS"Amkor Technology, Inc.  In Plans To Acquire Nanium Market Exclusive - Feb 8, 2017 Amkor Technology, Inc.  has announced plans to acquire Nanium S.A., a semiconductor packaging solutions firm based in Portugal.Today Analysts Focus on Amkor Technology, Inc. , The Wendy's Company  - StockNewsJournalBroadcom - Profitability Margin Analysis Delights Active ... - Street Wise Report  "
p8
aS"Traders Secrets on Intrexon Corporation , Amkor Technology, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Amkor Technology, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 5.52, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Guillaume Marie Jean Rutten Sells 6250 Shares of Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR ... - Chaffey BreezeThe Amkor Technology, Inc.  Insider Guillaume Marie Jean Rutten Sells ... - Petro Global News 24"
p9
aS"Insider Trading Activity Amkor Technology, Inc.   Insider Sold ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Guillaume Marie Jean Rutten , Insider of Amkor Technology, Inc.  reportedly Sold 6,250 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 11 for a total transaction amount of $68,750.00 SEC Form.What Analysts are Predicting For Amkor Technology, Inc. , Sealed Air ... - The USA CommerceAmkor Technology, Inc.  Sees Large Drop in Short Interest - Chaffey Breeze"
p10
a.