(lp0
S'Envision Healthcare Enters Definitive Agreement to Acquire Imaging Advantage Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Envision Healthcare Corporation  has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Imaging Advantage LLC, a provider of comprehensive radiology services including hospital-based, outpatient and remote-reading services, in a transaction that will&nbsp;...Nashville health care company buys California firm - Nashville Business Journal'
p1
aS'Envision Healthcare shares drop after AmSurg merger news CNBC - Jun 16, 2016 The deal is expected to close by the end of 2016, and Envision shareholders will receive 53 percent of the new company, Envision Healthcare Corporation, while AmSurg will get 47 percent. &quot;This merger will create a national platform with a highly&nbsp;...Envision to Merge With AmSurg to Create Health Services Giant - Bloomberg'
p2
aS"Envision Healthcare and AMSURG Complete Transformational Merger Business Wire  - Dec 1, 2016 NASHVILLE, Tenn. &amp; GREENWOOD VILLAGE, Colo.----Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc.  and AMSURG Corp.  today announced the completion of their merger, originally announced on June 15, 2016. The new&nbsp;...Envision Healthcare completes merger with AmSurg, creates $10B company - Denver Business JournalEnvision Healthcare joins S&amp;P 500 post merger - Becker's Hospital Review"
p3
aS"Envision Healthcare Corporation : What's the Story? StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Envision Healthcare Corporation  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Long-Term Care Facilities.Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Envision Healthcare Corporation  - Energy IndexWhich insiders are selling Envision Healthcare Corporation ? - Post Analyst"
p4
aS"Envision Healthcare  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Good day, everyone, and welcome to Envision Healthcare Corporation Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting today through March 10, 2017.Envision Healthcare reports 4Q loss - Yahoo FinanceEnvision Healthcare Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Envision Healthcare to Present at Oppenheimer 27 Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 NASHVILLE, Tenn. &amp; GREENWOOD VILLAGE, Colo.----Envision Healthcare Corporation  today announced that its management will present at the Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference on Tuesday, March 21,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Traders Secrets on Envision Healthcare Corporation , Chimera Investment ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Envision Healthcare Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 2.04 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Is It Time to go for Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , Envision Healthcare ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Envision Healthcare Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.04, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p8
aS'Envision Healthcare to pick up Imaging Advantage FierceBiotech - Mar 8, 2017 Envision Healthcare has inked a deal to acquire Imaging Advantage, a move that will boost its presence in radiology physician services.'
p9
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Prospect Capital Corporation , Envision ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 6, 2017 Envision Healthcare Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.04, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Stocks in Action: Prospect Capital Corporation , Envision ... - TRA"
p10
a.