(lp0
S"Freak of Nature Amazon.com, Inc.  Stock Will Continue to Impress Investorplace.com - 23 hours ago Amazon.com, Inc.  is a classic example of an investment that sells itself. It's not just for the fact that AMZN stock belongs in the elite group of FANG stocks, which includes Facebook Inc , Netflix, Inc. , and&nbsp;...Aviva PLC Has $209523000 Position in Amazon.com, Inc.  - Chaffey BreezeAmazon.com, Inc.  Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc - Normangee Star"
p1
aS'Amazon.com, Inc.  Obtains New Amazon Drone Patents Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 The two new drone patents were originally filed by Amazon.com, Inc. back in 2015. However, they were only granted to the company by the United States Patent and Trademark Office on Tuesday.Amazon floats new drone designs - Seeking AlphaAmazon.com, Inc.  Gets Patents For Drone Delivery Idea - Stock Market Daily'
p2
aS"Could Amazon.com, Inc.  Become an Airline? Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 I remember the late 1990's, when Amazon.com, Inc.  became a momentum stock and it has never looked back.Amazon India boss Amit Agarwal promoted as senior VP at parent firm - LivemintExclusive: Amazon elevates India head Amit Agarwal - VCCircle"
p3
aS"Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Microsoft Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 They're Amazon.com  and Microsoft . And they're vastly different companies in terms of their core operational focuses, their recent histories, and their cultures."
p4
aS'Amazon Is Winning The AI Race Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Sales of the Alexa family of devices were up 9X year over year during the 2016 holiday season. Skills on the Alexa platform grew 10X from June 2016 to February 2017 .'
p5
aS'AMAZON.COM, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - 17 hours ago On March 14, 2017, William B. Gordon resigned as a director of Amazon.com, Inc.  in order to provide consulting services to the Company for two years, which will include being available as a non-voting Board observer.'
p6
aS'Amazon Launches Free Beer Delivery Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Amazon  is ready to do to the local liquor store what it did to the local book store. It is rolling out free beer and wine 2-hour delivery and $7.99 1-hour delivery for Prime Now members, starting in Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio.Amazon debuts beer and wine delivery in Columbus - Columbus Business FirstAmazon Prime Now Includes Liquor Products to Its Cart - Yahoo Finance'
p7
aS'Pacific Crest trims Amazon AWS expectations Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Pacific Crest reels in expectations on Amazon  in the face of several wins from Google with it Cloud platform. &quot;AWS boasts a multiyear lead over Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud.Amazon May Be Unable To Achieve The Same Dominance In Cloud It Enjoys In Retail - Yahoo Finance'
p8
aS"Amazon.com, Inc.  Confirms 10th Brick-and-Mortar Bookstore Investorplace.com - Mar 8, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc.  has confirmed the launch of its 10th brick-and-mortar bookstore. Amazon.com, Inc.  Confirms 10th Brick-and-Mortar The company spent decades thriving as an e-commerce retailer, and while this is Amazon's main&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Get Free Delivery in Amazon.com, Inc.  Stock Profits Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc.  is a fierce competitor among not just tech giants, but the entire market. Its vast diversification has not yet been a distraction to its management, and it's impressive how Amazon dominates in almost every arena it enters.Amazon.com, Inc.  Receives Buy Rating from Aegis - Chaffey BreezeAmazon.com, Inc. Supports Some Local Businesses, While Destroying Others - StockNews.com "
p10
a.