(lp0
S"Checking Out the Technicals for Apache Corporation  The USA Commerce - Feb 1, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Apache Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p1
aS'Apache Corp. - Too Early To Judge Alpine High Results Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Wells drilled so far are &quot;over-pressured,&quot; which means they will produce oil as gas easier than other wells. Overall, the results at this time should be considered good, but not great.'
p2
aS'Analyst Downgrades  Apache Corporation  Stock Gets Downgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 Today, Apache Corporation  stock was downgraded by Barclays PLC from Equal Weight to Underweight with a price target of $50.00.Apache downgraded at Barclays on reduced oil growth view - Seeking AlphaDigging Up the Facts on Apache Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'Apache Is Selling At A Discount - Wait Or Plunge In? Seeking Alpha - Mar 4, 2017 Apache Corporation  did set itself up for some failure when it announced the potential its discovery at Alpine High represented, with the market rewarding it for the growth possibilities in the years ahead.'
p4
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Apache Corporation ? The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Apache Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS'Apache says Alpine High discovery, despite skeptics, has even greater potential Houston Chronicle - Feb 24, 2017 The Alpine High oil and gas field, touted by Houston-based Apache Corp. as a major find, has greater potential than the company initially reported despite disappointing early production results, CEO John Christmann IV assured shareholders Thursday.Apache Corporation: Apache Corporation announces fourth-quarter and full-year ... - The Wall Street Transcript'
p6
aS'Apache Is Abandoning Free Cash Flows, And It Makes Sense Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 Apache generated enough cash flows last year to fully fund its CapEx and dividends, unlike a vast majority of its peers. But following the improvement in oil prices, the company has decided to increase CapEx by 60%, which will likely lead to negative ...'
p7
aS"Earnings Clues on Time Warner Inc. , Apache Corporation  Analyst's ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Apache Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -6.01, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Its time to give a fresh look to Time Warner Inc.  and Apache Corporation ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p8
aS'Apache  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Good afternoon. My name is Paige and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Apache Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full-year 2016 Results Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any&nbsp;...Apache Corporation  Dips 3.51% for February 23 - Equities.comDrilling Down Into Apache Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS"Apache Corporation  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - 22 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Apache Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.