(lp0
S'American Public Education, Inc.  By The Numbers: Valuation in Focus Business Review - Mar 16, 2017 American Public Education, Inc.  has an ERP5 rank of 257. The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies.'
p1
aS"American Public Education Is Textbook Undervalued Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 American Public Education , provides post secondary education. The segments that they operate in are: American Public Education, and the Hondros College of Nursing. APEI's most recent earnings call was November 7th. Closing on&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"View the Stunning Stock of American Public Education, Inc.'s  stock ... Hot Stocks Point - 5 hours ago American Public Education, Inc. , a part of Services sector and belongs to Education &amp; Training Services industry; ended its day with gain 0.46% and finalized at the price of $21.70."
p3
aS'American Public Education posts 4Q profit Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 CHARLES TOWN, W.Va.  _ American Public Education Inc.  on Tuesday reported fourth-quarter earnings of $6.9 million.American Public Education Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire American Public Education, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS'American Public Education : Moving Average Crossover Alert March 13, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 13, 2017 American Public Education, Inc.  could be a stock to avoid from a technical perspective, as the firm is seeing unfavorable trends on the moving average crossover front.American Public Education, Inc.  Stake Raised by Thrivent Financial for ... - Chaffey BreezeAmerican Public Education Inc Realized Volatility Hits An Unsually High Level - CML News'
p5
aS"Is American Public Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About ... Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 The direct benefit for American Public Education Inc , which sports a zero-debt capital structure, to include debt in its capital structure is the reduced cost of capital.Equities Analysts Set Expectations for American Public Education, Inc.'s Q1 ... - Chaffey BreezeFirst Analysis Comments on American Public Education, Inc.'s Q1 2017 Earnings ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS'Zacks Investment Research Downgrades American Public Education, Inc.  to ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 6, 2017 American Public Education, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday.American Public Education, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research ... - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS'The American Public Education, Inc.  Stake Raised by Thrivent Financial ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in shares of American Public Education, Inc.  by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Brokerage Firm Target Update on American Public Education, Inc.  - Rockville Register'
p8
aS"Option Market: American Public Education Inc Risk Hits A Weakened Level CML News - Mar 3, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for American Public Education ..."
p9
aS'American Public Education Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 17 Equities.com - Feb 17, 2017 American Public Education Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 17, as the stock gained 2.09% to close at $24.40.'
p10
a.