(lp0
S'American Pacific Corporation To Be Acquired By HIG PR Newswire  - Jan 10, 2014 10, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- American Pacific Corporation   today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to be acquired by investment funds managed by H.I.San Francisco investment firm buying American Pacific Corp. - Las Vegas Review-JournalWhy American Pacific Corp  is Exploding on Friday - TheStreet.com'
p1
aS'Huntsman Family Investments to Acquire American Pacific Corporation Specialty ... PR Newswire  - Nov 16, 2015 SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Huntsman Family Investments and its affiliates  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire American Pacific Corporation Specialty Chemicals (the &quot;Company&quot; or&nbsp;...Jon Huntsman Sr. Returns to Private Equity with Rocket Fuel Deal - Fortune'
p2
aS'Huntsman to buy American Pacific Corporation Specialty Chemicals from HIG Chemicals Technology - Nov 17, 2015 US-based private equity farm Huntsman Family Investments and its affiliates have entered into an agreement to buy American Pacific Corporation Specialty Chemicals from HIG Capital for an undisclosed amount. American Pacific Corporation Specialty&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'American Pacific Mortgage Corporation promotes Michael Pankow to Executive ... Benzinga - Feb 7, 2017 American Pacific Mortgage Corporation , a top-15 independent mortgage bank, has promoted Michael Pankow to Executive Vice President of National Production.'
p4
aS'DataVerify Announces Adoption of its DRIVE Verification Platform by American ... Business Wire  - Dec 1, 2016 LOUIS----DataVerify, a leading provider of risk mitigation services, is pleased to announce the adoption of their DRIVE platform by American Pacific Mortgage Corporation , a top ten mortgage banker in the western United States.'
p5
aS'American Pacific Mortgage Announces 20th Anniversary PR Web  - Dec 7, 2016 &quot;Since 1996, the mortgage industry and our company have gone through a lot of regulatory changes ... One thing that has never changed is our unwavering commitment to support our branch managers and loan officers.'
p6
aS"FEC Commissioner Wants Help Getting Foreign Money Out of US Elections The Intercept - Aug 19, 2016 In her proposal to rescind those opinions, Ravel cited The Intercept's recent reporting about American Pacific International Capital, a California corporation owned by Chinese citizens which - thanks to Citizens United and that FEC opinion - was able ..."
p7
aS'American Pacific Mortgage arrives in Sandpoint Bonner County Daily Bee - Feb 9, 2017 American Pacific Mortgage Corporation is celebrating its 20th year as a leading mortgage banking company in the western United States.'
p8
aS"$20 trillion: That's a lot of zeros in our national debt Fairfield Daily Republic - 7 hours ago 276412, is the branch manager of Solano Mortgage Loans, a division of American Pacific Mortgage Corporation, National Mortgage Licensing System No."
p9
aS'Latest Stocks: Union Pacific Corporation  Shares Sold by American ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 2, 2017 American International Group Inc. cut its position in shares of Union Pacific Corporation  by 28.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Keep It Simple: Buy Union Pacific - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.