(lp0
S'The best-performing investment trusts of Q3 FE Trustnet - Oct 1, 2015 ... Crystal Amber &middot; Tritax Big Box Reit PLC Ord 1P &middot; Chelverton Small Companies Dividend Trust plc &middot; Vinaland &middot; Target Healthcare REIT Limited Ord NPV &middot; JP Morgan Mid Cap IT plc &middot; AXA Property Trust Limited Ord NPV &middot; North Atlantic Smaller Companies IT&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"The investment trusts I've been buying and selling Interactive Investor - Jan 27, 2017 Like many investors, I used the opportunity of some lazy days over the festive break to take a close look at my SIPP and ISA portfolios."
p2
aS"Can we gain in static markets? Telegraph.co.uk - May 28, 2011 Fresh fears about the eurozone forced the FTSE 100 index of Britain's biggest companies down again this week to trade around 1,000 points lower than its peak level 11 years ago."
p3
aS"Anthony Cross: 'Five shares I hope to own forever' Telegraph.co.uk - Apr 27, 2015 Funds that invest across the full spectrum of the UK stock market and consistently manage to gain an edge include the JO Hambro UK Dynamic fund and the AXA Framlington UK Select Opportunities fund. Mr Hollands said these two funds were worth&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Time to bin your with-profits policy? Telegraph.co.uk - Aug 17, 2009 There are 35 insurers running with-profits funds, and most of the larger companies will run more than one fund. Each fund will be invested in different assets - some will be invested solely in gilts and cash, while others will have substantial exposure ...'
p5
aS'Values-based Investing Interactive Investor - Oct 8, 2014 Values Based Investing  is an investment philosophy that considers criteria based on Environmental, Social and Governance  values, alongside financial returns, when selecting an investment opportunity.'
p6
aS'The shares to buy as UK growth returns to form Telegraph.co.uk - Apr 28, 2014 Alternatively, Mr Hollands tipped the Axa UK Mid Cap fund for investors who wanted to buy a fund manager that was currently favouring &quot;cyclical&quot; shares.'
p7
aS'Aviva agrees 5.6bn deal to buy rival blue-chip life insurer Friends Life This is Money - Nov 21, 2014 Aviva made a profit of 2.2billion profit last year, following a 2.9billion loss the previous year. Wilson believes the 5.6billion deal will create a British national champion in the insurance industry, capable of taking on the likes of French giant ...'
p8
aS'Map of pound vs the rest: the biggest gains and how you can profit from the swings Telegraph.co.uk - Jul 12, 2014 The Axa fund has returned 27.5pc and costs 0.82pc. Mr Dennehy suggested the M&amp;G Global Macro Bond fund, which was acutely positioned to exploit the strength of the pound against the dollar as it buys debt from companies.'
p9
aS"Will the private interests of peers swell the vote for England's health bill? Open Democracy - Mar 19, 2012 Teijin Home Healthcare Limited supply products to the NHS and Teijin Pharma Ltd provides pharmaceuticals to the NHS."
p10
a.