(lp0
S"Mass. loses another independent drugmaker in $5.2b sale of Ariad The Boston Globe - Jan 9, 2017 Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc. on Monday accepted a $5.2 billion takeover offer from Japan's Takeda Pharmaceuticals Inc., making the Cambridge company the latest Massachusetts biotech to be gobbled up by a global drug company seeking to strengthen its&nbsp;...Takeda is buying Ariad Pharmaceuticals in a $5.2 billion deal - Business Insider"
p1
aS"3 Things You Really Need to Know About Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Q3 Results Motley Fool - Nov 7, 2016 Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has given shareholders a lot to like in 2016. The biotech's stock more than doubled by early October, although it has given up some of those gains in the last several weeks.ARIAD subpoenaed regarding financial assistance to Medicare patients - Seeking AlphaWhy Ariad Pharma Earnings Are So Great Despite a Loss - 24/7 Wall St."
p2
aS'Why Ariad Pharmaceuticals Tumbled 14.8% Today Motley Fool - Oct 14, 2016 After reports that the company increased prices on its leukemia drug four times this year prompted former presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders to tweet negatively about the company, shares in Ariad Pharmaceuticals  fell 14.8% today.Bernie Sanders tweet sends shares of Ariad Pharmaceuticals down 15% - CNBCBernie Sanders Tweet Causes Ariad Pharma Stock to Plunge 14% - ETF Daily News '
p3
aS'Takeda Completes Acquisition of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited   today announced the completion of its acquisition of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   for $24.00 per share in cash. We are very pleased to have completed the acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'3 Reasons Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc. Stock Rose 23.3% in May Motley Fool - Jun 9, 2016 What: Shares of Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc.  gained 23.3% last month, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p5
aS'Stock Update : Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces Submission ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 6, 2017 Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced the submission of a Marketing Authorization Application  for its investigational oral anaplastic lymphoma kinase  inhibitor, brigatinib, to the European Medicines Agency .Why Ariad Pharmaceuticals Stock Nearly Doubled in January - Motley FoolHot Performer of the day: Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc.  - FactsReporter'
p6
aS"Ariad: The Storm Has Passed Seeking Alpha - Dec 5, 2016 Increasing the price of a life-saving drug is a good motivator for lawmakers to look closer, and I don't think it is a coincidence that whenever pharmaceutical companies/managers gain attention for price 'gouging' they often find themselves on the hook ..."
p7
aS'Ariad Is Not Valeant Seeking Alpha - Oct 30, 2016 Most of my articles are critical of the U.S pharmaceutical industry. However, believe it or not, ... Objectivity is needed to see the difference between companies like Ariad  and Valeant  or Mylan . Price hikes mean&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Ariad Pharmaceuticals: How The Lawmakers Will Get This Wrong Seeking Alpha - Oct 26, 2016 Of all the easy choices, Senators Sanders and Representative Cummings have now decided to go after biotechnology company, Ariad Pharmaceuticals . I will argue this choice will prove to be an extremely poor one for the proponents of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Bernie Sanders's Destruction Of Ariad Seeking Alpha - Oct 24, 2016 Ariad's stock lost over $30 million from a single Bernie Sanders tweet. Now, the senator and Rep. Cummings are doubling down on their attack on the company. Why was Ariad willing to take such an irresponsible risk with its pricing? How desperate is the ...William Blair Raises Price Target on ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ; Here ... - Smarter AnalystBernie Sanders Has Got It Wrong With Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc  - Insider Financial"
p10
a.