(lp0
S'First Merchants Completes Merger with Ameriana Bancorp Inside Indiana Business - Jan 4, 2016 Muncie-based First Merchants Corp.  has completed its merger with New Castle-based Ameriana Bancorp .'
p1
aS'First Merchants Corporation and Ameriana Bancorp Announce the Signing of a ... Business Wire  - Jun 29, 2015 MUNCIE, Ind. &amp; NEW CASTLE, Ind.----First Merchants Corporation  and Ameriana Bancorp  today announced they have executed a definitive agreement whereby Ameriana Bancorp will merge with and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Activist scores big with Ameriana-First Merchants bank merger Indianapolis Business Journal - Oct 3, 2015 Ameriana Bancorp would be an easy bank to overlook. It has just $481 million in assets and 14 branches, and its headquarters is tucked away in the Henry County seat of New Castle.'
p3
aS'After legal delay, First Merchants set to close Ameriana buyout Indianapolis Business Journal - Dec 31, 2015 Muncie-based First Merchants Corp. is set to close its $69 million acquisition of New Castle-based Ameriana Bancorp, officials said, just a few weeks after two shareholder lawsuits opposing the deal were dropped.'
p4
aS'Oakland City, Poseyville Projects Receive Boost Inside INdiana Business - Feb 28, 2017 Two projects in southwest Indiana have received approval from the Indiana Economic Development Corp. through the Regional Cities Initiative.'
p5
aS"Danny Danielson, City Securities exec and IU trustee, dies at 95 Indianapolis Star - May 7, 2015 ... served as chairman of the Walther Cancer Foundation in Indianapolis, sat on the board of governors for the Riley Children's Foundation, chaired the Fellowship of Christian Athletes' national board and served as a director of New Castle's Ameriana ..."
p6
aS'PenFed, SPIRE, VyStar Hire and Promote Credit Union Times - Apr 18, 2016 She joins Financial Center with more than 32 years of experience in auditing, working most recently as the senior vice president of internal audit at Ameriana Bancorp. The $471 million Notre Dame Federal Credit Union in Notre Dame, Ind., hired Timothy&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'STEM Conference to Draw Hundreds Inside Indiana Business - Jan 11, 2016 An Indiana STEM Education Conference is expected to bring over 600 people from across the state to the campus of Purdue University Thursday.'
p8
aS"Carmel's Merchants Bancorp aims to raise $50M for growth Indianapolis Business Journal - Jan 9, 2015 Carmel-based Merchants Bancorp, one of Indiana's largest privately held banks, aims to raise $50 million in capital by selling new shares, according to a recent U.S."
p9
aS'Fifth Third Bancorp Continues to Hold Stake in First Merchants Corporation  BNB Daily  - Feb 19, 2017 First Merchants Corporation logo Fifth Third Bancorp continued to hold its position in First Merchants Corporation  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p10
a.