(lp0
S'Earnings Take Center Stage; Analysts Weighing in on Argentex Mining Corp ... Aiken Advocate - Mar 15, 2017 Wall Street analysts have a current quarter EPS estimate of $N/A on shares of Argentex Mining Corp. . Analysts and investors will be looking ahead to the next company earnings report which is scheduled to be on or around N/A for the period&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Austral Gold edges closer to merger with Argentex Mining Proactive Investors Australia - Feb 3, 2016 Austral Gold  is edging closer to a merger with Toronto listed Argentex Mining Corporation  after the signing of a definitive agreement.Argentex Enters Into Definitive Agreement With Austral Gold - MarketWatch'
p2
aS'Austral Gold Closes Acquisition of Argentex Marketwired  - Aug 19, 2016 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Austral Gold Limited   and Argentex Mining Corporation   are pleased to announce the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Argentex grows Pinguino, looks for partners The Northern Miner  - Oct 8, 2014 Argentex Mining  believes its Pinguino project is the largest undeveloped silver-gold vein field in the Patagonia region of Argentina.'
p4
aS'Silver, Gold, and Oil Stocks Are Flying Energy and Capital - Apr 21, 2016 Commodities are up across the board. Corn, soybeans, and oil are all jumping higher... Tin, palladium, copper, and lithium are all up.'
p5
aS'Redstar Gold Announces the Appointment of New President &amp; CEO Junior Mining Network - Jan 25, 2016 ... and in various management and senior executive roles for numerous companies including Hudson Bay Mining &amp; Smelting, Echo Bay Mines Ltd.'
p6
aS"Austral Gold Announces New Vice President Corporate Development Marketwired  - Sep 7, 2016 Mr. Brown, who was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Argentex Mining Corp., is a geologist, BSc , BA, MBA, with over 20 years' experience in the natural resources sector, most of it focused in Latin America."
p7
aS'Broadway Gold Mining Ltd. Equities.com - Nov 14, 2016 Broadway Gold Mining Ltd.    owns a 100% interest in the Madison Gold and Copper Mine , subject to underlying royalties, located in the heart of a prolific gold belt in the Silver&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Argentine tycoon Elsztain bets big on gold The Northern Miner  - May 18, 2016 In February, Austral Gold made a splash in Canadian mining circles when it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Argentex Mining  and its Pinguino silver-gold project in Argentina's southern Santa Cruz province in a&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Broadway Gold Mining : Proven Treasure State Gold and Copper Producer Equities.com - Dec 1, 2016 With rich reserves and prolific production of gold, copper and other minerals, Montana, USA has earned its reputation as the Treasure State.'
p10
a.