(lp0
S'0.84 MarketWatch - Oct 8, 2010 AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc. AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the advancement of therapeutics for oncology and other areas of unmet medical need.'
p1
aS"Aveo reeling after FDA's rejection of kidney cancer drug Boston Globe - Aug 26, 2013 It took Aveo Pharmaceuticals Inc. seven years to develop a much anticipated kidney cancer drug. Federal regulators needed only about four hours to crush the company's hopes."
p2
aS"AVEO Pharmaceuticals  Q4 Earnings: What's in Store? Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. AVEO is expected to report fourth-quarter 2016 results this month. The company has an impressive track record for the last four reported quarters having beaten estimates on three occasions and meeting expectations in one with&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Price Alert: AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc  Stock Approaches ... CML News - 18 hours ago Price Alert: AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p4
aS"Company Update : AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces Dosing of ... Smarter Analyst - May 26, 2016 AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced that the first patient has been dosed in the Company's pivotal TIVO-3 trial, a randomized, controlled, multi-center, open-label study to compare tivozanib to sorafenib in subjects with refractory&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"AVEO Pharmaceuticals  Pays $4M to Settle SEC Fraud Charges StreetInsider.com - Mar 29, 2016 The SEC alleges that AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc.  concealed the FDA's level of concern about Tivozanib in public statements to investors by omitting the critical fact that FDA staff had recommended a second clinical trial to address their&nbsp;...SEC charges biotech Aveo with misleading investors - The Boston GlobeFeds charge Cambridge drug firm, former execs with misleading investors - Boston Business Journal "
p6
aS'The AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Petro Global News 24 - Mar 14, 2017 Shares of AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  traded up 0.2889% during trading on Friday, hitting $0.9026. The stock had a trading volume of 256,522 shares.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus Vericel ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus Vericel Corporation  .'
p8
aS"Mover of Friday: AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s  stock price finalizes at ... WsNews 4investors - 7 hours ago AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  stock price escalated 4.79% to finalize at $0.88 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p9
aS'AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Files An 8-K Market Exclusive - Oct 17, 2016 AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department  of the Nasdaq Stock Market  notifying the Company that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the bid price ...'
p10
a.