(lp0
S"BRIEF-Avid Technology Inc files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing Reuters - 18 hours ago Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Why Avid Technology Shares Plunged Today Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Since the company's explanation for the delay is somewhat vague, it stokes fears that something is wrong with its accounting or internal financial controls, which may or may not be the case.Avid Technology Inc.  Plunges 16.82% on March 16 - Equities.comTrading updates about Stock: Avid Technology, Inc.  - Is stories"
p2
aS'AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Avid Technology, Inc. is a provider of an open and integrated technology platform, along with applications and services that enable the creation, distribution and monetization of audio and video content.'
p3
aS'Why Avid Technology, Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Jan 31, 2017 Shares of Avid Technology Inc.  were up 12.1% as of 11:30 a.m. EST on Tuesday after the media platform company expanded its its presence in China through an alliance with longtime channel partner Beijing Jetsen Technology.Avid Expands Its Greater China Strategy with Jetsen Alliance - GlobeNewswire '
p4
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 NEW YORK, March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC is investigating potential claims on behalf of purchasers of the Avid Technology, Inc.  . Such investors are&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Sell-side Consensus on Avid Technology, Inc.  PFSweb, Inc ... Rives Journal - 1 hour ago Avid Technology, Inc.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.'
p6
aS"AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 The Company's products are used in production and post-production facilities; film studios; network, affiliate, independent and cable television stations; recording studios; live-sound performance venues; advertising agencies; government and ..."
p7
aS'Avid Technology, Inc.  Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (NYSE ... Rives Journal - Mar 17, 2017 Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Avid Technology, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.30.Between The Numbers: SUPERVALU Inc. , Avid Technology, Inc.  - USA Commerce DailyMicron Technology, Inc. , Cobalt International Energy, Inc.  - ClickLancashire'
p8
aS'Johnson &amp; Weaver, LLP Files Class Action Suit against Avid Technology, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 22, 2016 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholder rights law firm Johnson &amp; Weaver, LLP announced today that a class action has been commenced in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts on behalf of all purchasers of Avid Technology, Inc.'
p9
aS'IMPORTANT AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC. INVESTOR REMINDER: Wolf Haldenstein Adler ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 6, 2017 IMPORTANT AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC. INVESTOR REMINDER: Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman &amp; Herz LLP reminds investors that a securities class action lawsuit has been filed on behalf of shareholders of Avid Technology, Inc. in the District of&nbsp;...'
p10
a.