(lp0
S'EOD Risers: American Express Company, Apple Inc., Exxon Mobil Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 17, 2017 Shares of American Express Company found using EPIC:  a services company, stepped up 0.68% or 0.54 points by the close of business yesterday.'
p1
aS'Buffett Stocks In Focus: American Express Company  ValueWalk - Mar 10, 2017 These loans were disproportionately large given the economics of the underlying business. Eventually, the company defaulted, and AXP suffered losses as one of its creditors.Stocks Buffett Hinted Are Undervalued Based On Buybacks - ForbesIn Your 40s? 2 Stocks You Should Consider Buying - Motley Fool'
p2
aS"EOD Risers: American Express Company, Cisco Systems, Inc., Intel Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 15, 2017 Shares in American Express Company ticker code:  a services company, rose 0.61% or 0.48 points during the course of yesterday's session."
p3
aS'American Express Clamps Down On Points Churners  Skift Business Traveler Skift - Mar 13, 2017 American Express Will Weed Out Points-Chasing Credit-Card Churners: American Express Co. is looking to weed out customers who jump from credit card to credit card just for the sign-on bonus.'
p4
aS"EOD Risers: 3M Co, American Express Company, Apple Inc., Caterpillar Inc. DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of American Express Company with ticker code:  a services company, moved up 0.1% or 0.08 points in Friday's trading session."
p5
aS'American Express escalates high-fee card competition Reuters - Mar 2, 2017 NEW YORK American Express Co  will begin to offer this month $200 a year in Uber rides, plus other new perks, on its Platinum charge cards as it fights to protect its high-end market from JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co (JPM.AmEx boosting benefits on Platinum card; fee too - Seeking AlphaAmEx Offers Uber Rides After Chase Makes a Splash With Sapphire - Bloomberg'
p6
aS"EOD Risers: 3M Co, American Express Company, Apple Inc., Boeing Co DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 8, 2017 The share price for American Express Company ticker code:  a services company, stepped up 0.1% or 0.08 points throughout yesterday's trading day."
p7
aS'American Express Will Weed Out Points-Chasing Credit-Card Churners Skift - Mar 9, 2017 American Express Co. is looking to weed out customers who jump from credit card to credit card just for the sign-on bonus. An increase in incentive bonuses has boosted so-called gaming by credit-card applicants looking for a quick reward, Doug ...'
p8
aS"Analyst Activity  Instinet Reiterates Reduce on American Express Company ... Market Exclusive - Mar 11, 2017 American Express Company is a services company. The Company's principal products and services are charge and credit payment card products, and travel-related services offered to consumers and businesses around the world.American Express Company  Closes 0.33% Up on the Day for March 09 - Equities.comBuy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: American Express Company , The ... - StockNewsJournal"
p9
aS"American Express Shareholders: This Is Your Meal Ticket Seeking Alpha - Mar 5, 2017 I've been critical of American Express  in the past couple of years because I've thought the valuation to be constantly stretched."
p10
a.