(lp0
S"BRIGHTCOVE INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Brightcove Inc. is a provider of cloud-based services for video. The Company's flagship product is Brightcove Video Cloud , an online video platform."
p1
aS'Consensus Buy Rated Stocks: Scorpio Bulkers Inc.  Brightcove Inc ... Rives Journal - 31 minutes ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Scorpio Bulkers Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.30.'
p2
aS"Why Brightcove Inc. Stock Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Jul 25, 2014 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.Set to lose Angry Birds, Brightcove stock drops - Boston Globe"
p3
aS'Analyst Target Price &amp; Stock Review on Brightcove Inc.  PFSweb ... Rives Journal - Mar 17, 2017 Sell-side analysts are offering a consensus Buy rating on shares of Brightcove Inc. . Using the following ratings scale: 1.0 Strong Buy, 2.0 Buy, 3.0 Hold, 4.0 Sell and 5.0 Strong Sell, analysts have an average recommendation of 1.70.EPS Projection Of Brightcove Inc.  At $-0.0167 - Enterprise LeaderBrightcove Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Brightcove Inc  Shares Sold by Two Sigma Investments LP BNB Daily  - Mar 15, 2017 Brightcove logo Two Sigma Investments LP cut its position in Brightcove Inc  by 25.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Brightcove Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p5
aS"Option Market: Brightcove Inc Risk Hits An Inflection Point CML News - Mar 15, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Brightcove Inc (NASDAQ ..."
p6
aS"Brightcove Inc  Shares Moving On Volume Sherwood Daily - 22 hours ago Now let's take a look at how the fundamentals are stacking up for Brightcove Inc . Fundamental analysis takes into consideration market, industry and stock conditions to help determine if the shares are correctly valued."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Brightcove Inc  versus Endurance International ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Brightcove Inc  versus Endurance International Group Holdings Inc  .'
p8
aS'Revenue Update on Brightcove Inc Energy Index - Feb 28, 2017 Brightcove Inc announced the earnings results for Fiscal Year 2016 and Q4. The results came in during After-Market on Feb 16, 2017.The Brightcove Inc.  Stake Held by Herald Investment Management Ltd - DailyQuintAnalysts Set Brightcove Inc  Price Target at $13.25 - Community Financial News'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Baozun Inc  is Beating Brightcove Inc  CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Brightcove Inc  versus Baozun Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.The Brightcove Inc.  Rating Lowered to D+ at TheStreet - DailyQuint'
p10
a.