(lp0
S'Black Diamond, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results GlobeNewswire  - Mar 6, 2017 SALT LAKE CITY, March 06, 2017  -- Black Diamond, Inc.  , a global leader of innovative active outdoor performance equipment and apparel, under the brand name Black Diamond, reported financial&nbsp;...Black Diamond, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market ExclusiveStifel Just Issued  Hold Rating on Black Diamond Inc  - Highland Mirror'
p1
aS'Investor Toolbox: A Look at ERP5 For Black Diamond, Inc.  Business Review - 15 hours ago Black Diamond, Inc.  has an ERP5 rank of 15991. The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies.'
p2
aS'Black Diamond: Trading At 25% Discount To Peer Relative Value Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Black Diamond Inc is a premium retailer earning various awards for quality with growing domestic sales in climbing and mountain products yet shares trade at a discount to peers.Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Black Diamond Inc  to Sell - Chaffey BreezeBlack Diamond Inc  Given Consensus Rating of Hold by Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS"Black Diamond  Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Moreover, Black Diamond's independent global distributor business is likely to experience growth in the quarter, as markets like Japan and Korea have begun to replenish their inventory following a period of industry consolidation and other market ...What You Must Know About Black Diamond Inc's  Financial Health - Simply Wall StBlack Diamond Inc  Set to Announce Earnings on Monday - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS'Black Diamond Adds To Executive And Equipment Team SGB Media    - Mar 1, 2017 Black Diamond Inc., a manufacturer of active outdoor performance equipment and apparel, has appointed Trent Bush as Black Diamond Equipment vice president of apparel design and Radhika Ray to the newly created position of vice president of strategy&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Why Shares of Black Diamond Inc. Soared Today Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.Why Black Diamond Inc  Stock Is Soaring Today - Investorplace.comOne Factor Driving Black Diamond  Stock Up Today - TheStreet.com"
p6
aS'Black Diamond reports year-end loss, plans to shake up operations Medill Reports: Chicago - Mar 15, 2016 Despite a one-time charge that stifled its bottom line, Black Diamond Inc. turned in results Monday that bested Wall Street estimates, and unveiled plans for a major corporate restructuring.'
p7
aS'Black Diamond Inc  Shares Sold by Franklin Resources Inc. Sports Perspectives - Mar 17, 2017 Black Diamond logo Franklin Resources Inc. cut its stake in shares of Black Diamond Inc  by 6.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p8
aS'Black Diamond Inc : Does Low Debt-Load Make It A Financially Strong Company? Simply Wall St - Jan 3, 2017 Small-cap companies such as Black Diamond Inc  with its market cap of USD $160 Million, benefit the most from improving economic conditions due to the growth potential, but on the other hand they also are highly prone to a downturn, thus&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"DA Davidson Upgrades Black Diamond To Buy, Says 'Valuation Well Below Full ... Benzinga - Aug 8, 2016 The core brand of Black Diamond Inc  is approaching positive inflection, with gross margin expansion expected to restore profitability, DA Davidson's Andrew Burns said in a report.Black Diamond  Stock Soars, Upgraded at Davidson - TheStreet.com"
p10
a.