(lp0
S"bebe Stores Still Has A Shot Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Q2 comp figures were ugly at -10.5%; but there was some good news in the report. The licensing deal with Bluestar hasn't hit yet and bebe is cash-flow positive. To be sure, the cash-flow improvements aren't repeatable and the company benefited from timing."
p1
aS"Prentice Capital Letter To Bebe Stores, Inc. Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2016 As you are aware, an affiliate of Prentice Capital Management, LP owns approximately 5.6% of the outstanding shares of Bebe Stores, Inc.  . We are writing to express our extreme dissatisfaction with the Board's continuing&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'bebe stores: Take The Money And Run Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 BEBE has embarked on the noble and proper task of reducing its level of markdowns and increasing its inventory turns. Any retailer should be doing this all the time, but for BEBE, it is a matter of survival. In the past, the company has had far too ...'
p3
aS'Bebe Stores Has Upside Potential From Here Seeking Alpha - Sep 15, 2016 bebe stores  has been mercilessly pounded in the past couple of years as the company has continued to struggle and indeed, post sizable losses such that its solvency has been called into question.'
p4
aS"Bebe Stores: A Compelling Risk/Reward Seeking Alpha - Nov 27, 2015 Up until this last quarter, bebe stores'  new CEO has done a good job turning the business around. In his first fiscal year since appointment in June 2014, he increased sales by almost 1% , oversaw&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'bebe stores, inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results Yahoo Finance - Feb 2, 2017 bebe stores, inc.  today announced financial results for the fiscal second quarter ended December 31, 2016. Manny Mashouf, Chief Executive Officer said, In the second quarter of Fiscal 2017 we reacted to sales and traffic trends below the ...bebe stores, inc.  Announces Earnings Results - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'bebe stores, inc. and Bluestar Alliance LLC Announce Strategic Joint Venture ... Business Wire  - Jun 8, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif.----bebe stores, inc. , today announced that it has entered into a joint venture with Bluestar Alliance LLC  and has received $35 million in connection with the formation of the joint venture.'
p7
aS'bebe stores, inc. and Bluestar Alliance LLC Announce the Evolution of the bebe ... Yahoo Finance - Jul 22, 2016 bebe stores, inc. , today announced that its recently forged partnership with Bluestar Alliance is proving successful.'
p8
aS'bebe stores, inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results Business Wire  - Nov 3, 2016 BRISBANE, Calif.----bebe stores, inc.  today announced financial results for the fiscal first quarter ended October 1, 2016.'
p9
aS"bebe Stores Has A Long Road Ahead - But Q1 Was A Small Step In The Right Direction Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 Even with an infusion of cash from a joint venture earlier this year, BEBE has legitimate mid-term solvency risk. But it's also not a broken concept yet, and a new strategy to return to full-price selling and restore margins makes some sense."
p10
a.