(lp0
S'Beacon Roofing Supply to Participate in the Seaport Global Securities ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that Joseph Nowicki, Executive Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer ...Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold on Beacon Roofing ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Strengthens its Michigan Presence with the Acquisition ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that it has acquired Acme Building Materials, Inc. , a distributor ...Beacon Roofing Expands in Michigan with Acme Acquisition - Nasdaq'
p2
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for BECN Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 In trading on Thursday, shares of Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $44.65, changing hands as low as $44.61 per share.Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comBeacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p3
aS"Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. BECN  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.BECN. Significant News Only. 03/09/17; Press Release. Industrial Goods Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Actuant, Generac, Middleby, and Beacon Roofing Supply."
p4
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Portland, Oregon-based ... Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Woodfeathers, Inc. , a distributor of primarily residential roofing and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Michigan-Based Fox Brothers Company Business Wire  - May 2, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Fox Brothers Company , a distributor of roofing, siding, windows, doors and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 13 Equities.com - Mar 13, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 13, as the stock gained 1.17% to close at $48.28.Investor Watch-List Stock: Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  - Is storiesBeacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  recently purchased by insider BERQUIST CARL T - Post Analyst'
p7
aS'BRIEF-Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa. Reuters - Dec 16, 2016 BRIEF-Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa. ... extends to the stock. NEW YORK, March 12 For some millennial investors, loyalty to one of their favorite apps matters more than financial details in the case of Snap Inc.'
p8
aS'Checking the Numbers for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Davidson Register - Mar 17, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  has a current Value Composite Score of 44. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would represent an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an expensive or overvalued company.'
p9
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces the Acquisition of Dallas, Texas-Based Roofing ... Business Wire  - Dec 18, 2015 HERNDON, Va----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Roofing &amp; Insulation Supply , a distributor primarily of residential and commercial insulation along with roofing and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.