(lp0
S'Conagra Brands Inc  Stake Boosted by Franklin Resources Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 1 hour ago Conagra Brands logo Franklin Resources Inc. increased its position in Conagra Brands Inc  by 413.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p1
aS'Franklin Resources, Inc.  Lowered to Sell at Morgan Stanley Chaffey Breeze - 21 hours ago Franklin Resources, Inc. logo Morgan Stanley lowered shares of Franklin Resources, Inc.  from an overweight rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Thursday.Bank of America Upgrades the shares of Franklin Resources, Inc.  to Buy - HugoPressBEN boosted by upgrade - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Has $4131000 Stake in Cellectis SA  Chaffey Breeze - 1 hour ago Cellectis SA logo Franklin Resources Inc. continued to hold its position in Cellectis SA  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p3
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Has $4217000 Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - 1 hour ago Whole Foods Market logo Franklin Resources Inc. cut its stake in shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc.  by 23.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.'
p4
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Purchases Shares of 111898 Servicemaster Global ... Chaffey Breeze - 1 hour ago Servicemaster Global Holdings logo Franklin Resources Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.'
p5
aS'Washington Prime Group Inc  Shares Sold by Franklin Resources Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Washington Prime Group logo Franklin Resources Inc. lowered its position in Washington Prime Group Inc  by 17.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.'
p6
aS'Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc.  Stake Lowered by Franklin Resources Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Haverty Furniture Companies logo Franklin Resources Inc. reduced its position in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc.  by 39.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.'
p7
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Has $4603000 Position in vTv Therapeutics Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago vTv Therapeutics logo Franklin Resources Inc. maintained its stake in vTv Therapeutics Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p8
aS'Vascular Biogenics Ltd  Stake Held by Franklin Resources Inc. Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Vascular Biogenics logo Franklin Resources Inc. continued to hold its position in Vascular Biogenics Ltd  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p9
aS'Franklin Resources Inc. Buys 9512 Shares of Armstrong World Industries Inc  Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Armstrong World Industries logo Franklin Resources Inc. increased its stake in shares of Armstrong World Industries Inc  by 9.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.'
p10
a.