(lp0
S'Bar Harbor Bankshares completes merger Mainebiz - Jan 16, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares , the holding company for Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, completed its merger with Lake Sunapee Bank Group, the holding company for Lake Sunapee Bank.Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announces completion of merger - The Ellsworth American'
p1
aS"Bar Harbor Bankshares announces plan to acquire Lake Sunapee Bank of NH The Ellsworth American - May 6, 2016 BAR HARBOR - The parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announced on Thursday its plan to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group, a merger that would significantly increase the Maine bank's footprint and stature in the region.Bar Harbor Bank acquires NH bank chain for $143 million - Bangor Daily NewsLocal Bank to Be Sold - Valley News"
p2
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares merger moves forward The Ellsworth American - Oct 25, 2016 A plan for the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group took a step forward this week as shareholders of both companies approved the merger agreement.'
p3
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares  Announces 3-for-2 Stock Split StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares   the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a three-for-two split of its common stock payable in the form of a large stock dividend.Stock Returns: First Bancorp  is Beating Bar Harbor Bankshares ... - CML News'
p4
aS'Bar Harbor Bank buying New Hampshire bank in $143 million deal Press Herald - May 5, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares is acquiring a New Hampshire bank in a $143 million deal that will make it the only New England-based community bank with operations in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont.Bar Harbor Bankshares Expands Into New Hampshire and Vermont with Lake Sunapee ... - Business Wire '
p5
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares announces stock split The Ellsworth American - Feb 23, 2017 BAR HARBOR - The parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announced Tuesday it will be doing a stock split next month.'
p6
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 10, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.28 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.'
p7
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares: A Merger Mispricing And Arbitrage Play Seeking Alpha - Jun 15, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares is highly profitable, offers a large dividend yield, and sells at a reasonable price. Bar Harbor Bankshares and Lake Sunapee Bank Group are merging, which presents a possible arbitrage play and merger mispricing. The combined&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Bar Harbor Bankshares  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Feb 22, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares is a bank holding company. The Company's operating subsidiary, Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust , is a community bank, which offers a range of deposit, loan and related banking products, as well as brokerage services provided&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Stocks in Analyst's Viewfinder: NantKwest, Inc.  Bar Harbor ... Sherwood Daily - 1 hour ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of NantKwest, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.20."
p10
a.