(lp0
S'The Baker Hughes Rig Count Explained Benzinga - Mar 17, 2017 Every Friday, U.S. oil &amp; gas investors finish out the week with an important litmus test of the health of the overall industry.Earnings Take Center Stage; Analysts Weighing in on Baker Hughes Incorporated ... - Aiken AdvocateNoteworthy Mover of Last Trading Session: Baker Hughes Incorporated  - Is stories'
p1
aS"Baker Hughes , GE Merger Details Requested by DOJ Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Oilfield services major Baker Hughes Incorporated BHI and industrial conglomerate General Electric Company GE were recently asked to furnish their pending merger details by the Department of Justice , U.S.Analyst's Predictions on Baker Hughes Incorporated , Tyson Foods, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Baker Hughes Incorporated , Consolidated Edison ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Baker Hughes Incorporated  have shown a high EPS growth of -29.10% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -40.50% yoy.Baker Hughes Incorporated  added to 120 new portfolios - Post Analyst"
p3
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Baker Hughes Incorporated Stock Volatility ... CML News - 17 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Baker Hughes Incorporated  has seen its stock price move at an inflection point level.'
p4
aS'Hot Stocks Among Investors: Baker Hughes Incorporated , CenterPoint ... Post Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Baker Hughes Incorporated has a consensus outperform rating from 32 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 2.29% of shares outstanding.Is It Time to go for United Rentals, Inc. , Baker Hughes Incorporated ? - StockNewsJournalAnalytical Guide for Welltower Inc. , Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI ... - The USA Commerce'
p5
aS"Why Is Baker Hughes  Down 5.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Baker Hughes Incorporated BHI. Shares have lost about 5.2% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Analyst's Proposition on Baker Hughes Incorporated , E*TRADE Financial ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS"Let's Get Technical With Baker Hughes Incorporated  USA Commerce Daily - Mar 17, 2017 With all other things going on, Baker Hughes Incorporated  has been on a free fall - declining -11.82 percent in just three months."
p7
aS'Weekly Rig Counts from Baker Hughes ScandOil - Mar 3, 2017 Baker Hughes Incorporated has posted Weekly Rig Count reports to its Investor Relations website. BHI Rig Count: US +2 to 756, Canada -6 to 335.'
p8
aS"Option Market: Baker Hughes Incorporated Risk Hits A Lowered Level CML News - Mar 16, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Baker Hughes Incorporated&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Promising stocks in today's market: Baker Hughes Incorporated  The News Journal - 17 hours ago Based on the aggregate value of the company over its current share price and the total amount of outstanding stocks, the market cap of Baker Hughes Incorporated is presently reeling at 25263.93. Acting as the blue chip in today's trade, Baker Hughes&nbsp;..."
p10
a.