(lp0
S'Bridgepoint Education, Inc. Quote &amp; Summary Data Nasdaq - Aug 22, 2011 We are a provider of postsecondary education services through our regionally accredited academic institutions, Ashford University and University of the RockiesSM.'
p1
aS"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Bridgepoint Education Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Bridgepoint Education Inc Lifted by Analyst  - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS'Investor Toolbox: A Look at ERP5 For Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  Business Review - 13 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p3
aS'Analyst Research Consensus on Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  Vocera ... Davidson Register - 18 hours ago Equity Research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Bridgepoint Education, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 1.70 ...The Zacks: Bridgepoint Education Inc  Receives Average Recommendation of ... - Petro Global News 24Is Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  Undervalued? - Business Review'
p4
aS'Bridgepoint Education Inc. Continues Its Slow Bleed Motley Fool - Aug 6, 2015 While Bridgepoint Education  has thus far escaped the death sentence that some of its for-profit peers have experienced, it continues to struggle.'
p5
aS'Bridgepoint Education Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  harnesses the latest technology to reimagine the modern student experience. Bridgepoint owns two academic institutions - Ashford University and University of the Rockies.'
p6
aS"BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  is a provider of postsecondary education services. The Company's academic institutions include Ashford University and University of the Rockies, which offer associate's, bachelor's, master's and doctoral ...Is Bridgepoint Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About Its ... - Simply Wall StBridgepoint Education Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results - PR Newswire "
p7
aS'Bridgepoint Education: The Rise And Fall Seeking Alpha - Jun 23, 2016 Bridgepoint Education  has come a long way from the Warburg Pincus seed money received in 2003. The transformation of an underperforming Catholic college into the third largest degree granting university in the nation by fall 2012 churning&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Why Isn't Bridgepoint A Penny Stock Yet? Seeking Alpha - Oct 23, 2016 Bridgepoint Education  is in the midst of a turnaround strategy that aims to correct the years of inadequate oversight and poor academic standards at its flagship online school, Ashford University."
p9
aS"Bridgepoint Education  Announces Agreement with CFPB StreetInsider.com - Sep 12, 2016 Bridgepoint Education, Inc.  today announced an agreement with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  to forgive loans taken by approximately 1,277 current and former students who borrowed from Bridgepoint institution's student&nbsp;...For-profit Bridgepoint Education forced to forgive $24 million in private ... - Washington PostWild swings in Bridgepoint after CFPB action - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.