(lp0
S'Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.055 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 04, 2017.Earnings Clues on Kate Spade &amp; Company , Brocade Communications Systems ... - StockNewsJournalBrocade Communications Systems, Inc.  Position Boosted by Marshall Wace LLP - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Brocade Communications in Advanced Talks to Sell Itself Bloomberg - Oct 31, 2016 Brocade Communications Systems Inc. is in advanced talks to sell itself, according to people familiar with the matter. The network-equipment maker is nearing the final stages of a sale process, said the people, who asked not to be named because the&nbsp;...Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  In Deal Play? - Scibility MediaWhy Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. , Davita Inc  and ... - Investorplace.com'
p2
aS'Brocade Communications Systems Inc Reports 43% Decline In Q1 Earnings Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017  - Brocade Communications Systems Inc  reported earnings for first quarter that decreased from last year.Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market ExclusiveBrocade Communications Systems, Inc.  - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'Why Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. Stock Jumped Today Motley Fool - Nov 2, 2016 Shares of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  were surging today after its acquisition by Broadcom , following days of anticipation.Broadcom Limited to Acquire Brocade Communications Systems Inc. for $5.9 Billion - GlobeNewswire Chipmaker Broadcom to buy network gear maker Brocade for $5.5 billion - Reuters'
p4
aS"Market Update: Looking at the Levels for Brocade Communications Systems, Inc ... Davidson Register - 23 hours ago Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.  has a current Value Composite Score of 40. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would represent an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an expensive or overvalued&nbsp;...Analyst's Indicator Review for Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD ... - The USA CommerceInsider Trading Activity Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRCD ... - Market Exclusive"
p5
aS'Why Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. Stock Jumped 36.3% in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 10, 2017 Shares of Brocade Communications Systems  skyrocketed 36.3% in 2016, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the networking solutions company agreed to be acquired by analog and digital semiconductor&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Brocade Communications Systems Inc.: Ruckus Wireless Expands Cloudpath ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 16, 2017 Brocade, the B-wing symbol, and MyBrocade are registered trademarks of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., in the United States and in other countries.'
p7
aS"Brocade's Ruckus Wireless Business Unit And Intersection Announce Partnership ... PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 Brocade, the B-wing symbol, and MyBrocade are registered trademarks of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., in the United States and in other countries.Brocade Communications Systems Inc.: Brocade's Ruckus Wireless Business Unit ... - The Wall Street TranscriptTop Stock Picking- Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. , Amgen ... - Wall Street Times "
p8
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. , Brocade ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.98, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p9
aS'Upcoming/New CFIUS Filing: ARRIS International plc, Brocade Communications ... The National Law Review - Mar 4, 2017 23, 2017, SEC Filing.) Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., a California network and data storage solutions company, announced that it entered into a definitive merger agreement with Broadcom in November 2016, valued at approximately US$5.5 billion.'
p10
a.