(lp0
S"Buffett's pay rises; Berkshire urges rejection of shareholder proposals Reuters - 16 hours ago Warren Buffett's compensation for running Berkshire Hathaway Inc  edged up 4.0 percent last year to $487,881 reflecting the higher cost of keeping the world's second-richest person safe.Warren Buffett Doesn't Feel Obligated To Leave A Generous Tip - BenzingaBuffett Opposes Proposal to Disclose Political Donations - Bloomberg"
p1
aS"Berkshire's 2 Tech Stocks Have This In Common Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 The entire basis for how I approach investing is rooted in the annual Berkshire Hathaway   shareholder letters.Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers On Berkshire Hathaway, First Hawaiian And E*TRADE - BenzingaA Deal To Consider: Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway and AIG's P&amp;C - Barron's "
p2
aS"Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Reveals Some Major Changes to Its Portfolio Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, the team reviews the latest portfolio updates from Berkshire Hathaway   and its legendary CEO, Warren Buffett.Berkshire Hathaway gains $1.6 billion from its huge bite of Apple - Reuters17 Key Takeaways From Berkshire Hathaway's 2016 Shareholder Letter - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"AIG to Pay Berkshire $9.8 Billion in Insurance Transfer Deal Bloomberg - Jan 20, 2017 American International Group Inc. agreed to pay $9.8 billion to Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. to take on long-term risks from commercial policies written in prior years.How Risky Is Berkshire Hathaway, Inc.? - Motley FoolAIG to pay Buffett's Berkshire about $10 billion in insurance deal - Reuters"
p4
aS'Berkshire Hathaway As A Supplement To Your IRA Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Berkshire Hathaway has a structural similarity to both Traditional and Roth IRAs in that it affords the opportunity to compound returns without a taxable event.'
p5
aS'Will Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  Ever Pay a Dividend? Smarter Analyst - Jan 30, 2017 Unless you believe as an investor that you can outperform Warren Buffett, dividends are detrimental to your total returns are a shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway. Buffett understands this, and he is against dividend payments as a result. For instance ...Buffett Bought $12 Billion of Stock From Election Through Friday - BloombergWarren Buffett: I bought $12 billion of stock after Donald Trump won - Times of India'
p6
aS"Berkshire Hathaway 2016 Valuation Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 As a long-term Berkshire Hathaway  shareholder, I enjoy doing a sum-of-the-parts valuation every year. One of the reasons for this is that it puts things in perspective when various parts of the company are in the news.Buffett's Berkshire rejects fossil fuel proposal, shareholder says - ReutersBerkshire Hathaway Inc.  Given Underweight Rating at Evercore ISI - The Cerbat Gem"
p7
aS'Buffett opposes shareholder proposals on contributions, fossil fuels, methane Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago The proposals include a call for the company to disclose its political contributions twice a year, divest holdings in companies that produce fossil fuels, and set targets for cutting methane emissions related to its operations.'
p8
aS"BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.  Files An 8-K Mine Safety  Reporting of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 On March 5, 2017, Bridger Coal Company, a coal mining joint venture that is two-thirds owned and operated by PacifiCorp, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., received an imminent danger order under section 107 of the&nbsp;...Why Warren Buffett Thinks Berkshire Hathaway Stock Is Worth At Least $206500 - Motley FoolShould AIG be on Buffett's shopping list? - Business Insurance"
p9
aS'Better Buy: Berkshire Hathaway vs. Coca-Cola Motley Fool - Feb 18, 2017 One of the reasons why Berkshire Hathaway Inc  CEO Warren Buffett has achieved legendary investing status, is his investment in The Coca-Cola Co .Revisiting Berkshire Hathaway Nearly 20 Years Later - ForbesThe Way Wall Street Experts See Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p10
a.