(lp0
S"Top US coal miner Peabody eyes bankruptcy exit in April Reuters - Mar 16, 2017 LOUIS Peabody Energy Corp, the world's largest private sector coal producer, said on Thursday it expects to exit its Chapter 11 bankruptcy in early April after a U.S.BRIEF-Peabody energy expects to emerge from chapter 11 in early April 2017 - Reuters UKPeabody Energy Corporation: Judge Announces Intention To Confirm Peabody ... - The Wall Street Transcript"
p1
aS'Peabody Energy: How To Rig The Ballot Box In The Heist Of The Century Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Fidelity is still valuing my Peabody Energy Corp. 6% Corporate Note Cusip #704549AK0 at .44. See page 9 of Docket 2654 for the voting results by class.'
p2
aS'Back to Black on Peabody Energy Corporation MicroCap Daily - Mar 12, 2017 Peabody Energy Corporation is back where it started around $2 a share after the spectacular rise and fall to $18.75 a share in the final months of last year.'
p3
aS"Peabody Energy And The 'Smash And Grab' Technique Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 The Peabody Energy senior management team had no skin in the game, collectively owning just .06% of company stock. This was a bad sign."
p4
aS'Peabody Energy: Shareholders Lose, But Will Anyone Win? Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 There is a titanic struggle going on about the future of Peabody Energy  as it seeks to emerge from bankruptcy.Peabody gets US court approval to pursue reorganization - ReutersPeabody Energy: Secures Approval to Exit Chapter 11 - TCC'
p5
aS"Four bondholders sue Peabody Energy, hedge funds over stock sale Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 CHICAGO Four individual investors of Peabody Energy Corp are accusing the company, certain hedge funds and other parties involved in the coal producer's Chapter 11 bankruptcy of breaching their fiduciary duties, according to a lawsuit filed on Thursday.Peabody investors file suit over planned stock sale - St. Louis Business Journal"
p6
aS'Peabody Energy Shareholders Are Getting Nothing Under A Reorganization Plan Seeking Alpha - Dec 23, 2016 Peabody Energy Corp.  filed a reorganization plan  late on December 22 that gives no recovery to shareholders and no recovery for convertible bond holders.Peabody Energy reorganization plan lacks mine cleanup coverage details - ReutersPeabody Energy Completes Key Milestone Toward Emergence From Chapter 11; Files ... - PR Newswire '
p7
aS'Peabody Energy Files Financial Projections Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2017 Peabody Energy Corp.  finally filled its amended disclosure statement  that included financial projections, but as expected, it did not include a valuation exhibit.'
p8
aS'Peabody Energy Is Imploding Seeking Alpha - Jun 27, 2016 Peabody Energy Corp  is imploding. Australian operations could soon go into administration. The equity that the U.S.'
p9
aS"Peabody Energy agrees to collateral for mine cleanup costs Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 By Tracy Rucinski. U.S. coal miner Peabody Energy Corp said on Monday it has agreed to set aside collateral to cover future mine cleanup costs as part of its bankruptcy reorganization plan, ending its controversial use of &quot;self-bonds.Peabody Energy: Set To Officially Shaft Retail Unsecured Bonds Holders On ... - Seeking AlphaPeabody Energy Announces Members Of Company's Post-Emergence Board Of Directors - PR Newswire "
p10
a.