(lp0
S"Buffalo Wild Wings 'hits the button' for March Madness Campaign US - Mar 16, 2017 Thirty-three years ago, a prescient individual walked into a Buffalo Wild Wingsknown to loyalists as &quot;B-Dubs&quot;and asked the bartender to switch the channel from MTV to one airing the local game.Buffalo Wild Wings Launches New March Madness Campaign With Four Commercials - SportsBusiness Daily TBWA\\Chiat\\Day LA Gets A Little Dark in March Madness Effort for Buffalo Wild ... - AgencySpy"
p1
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings franchisees side with CEO in investor fight Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Mar 14, 2017 A group representing most Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. franchisees has come out in support of company management in its struggle with an activist investor looking to upend the company's strategy and board of directors.Franchisees throw support behind Buffalo Wild Wings - Meat & Poultry Federated Investors Inc. PA Sells 256 Shares of Buffalo Wild Wings  - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS'Franchisee group backs Buffalo Wild Wings management in tussle with activist Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 13, 2017 A sizable group of Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. franchisees on Monday expressed support for the company and Chief Executive Sally Smith in a fight with an activist shareholder over business strategy.Buffalo Wild Wings closing Cicero restaurant - Syracuse.com'
p3
aS'Louisville Cardinals featured in new Buffalo Wild Wings commerci - WDRB 41 ... WDRB - Mar 16, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky.  -- The Louisville Cardinals are featured in a new Buffalo Wild Wings commercial. The commercial is for the NCAA tournament.'
p4
aS"Investor Turns Up the Heat at Buffalo Wild Wings Barron's - Mar 10, 2017 A top investor at Buffalo Wild Wings thinks that management there isn't putting its money where its mouth is. Mick McGuire, founder of activist hedge fund Marcato Capital Management, owns 5.6% of the company's shares.Buffalo Wild Wings execs have 'not put their money where their mouth is ... - CNBC"
p5
aS"St. Paddy's Day Madness at Buffalo Wild Wings Your News Now - 17 hours ago March Madness and St. Patrick's Day. Over at Buffalo Wild Wings on Allentown Road the big screens were showing the latest games and the customers and staff were decked out in green.Insider Trading at Buffalo Wild Wings? - BBNS"
p6
aS'Buffalo Wild Wings charges into March Madness with multiplatform campaign Marketing Dive - Mar 16, 2017 Buffalo Wild Wings - the &quot;Official Hangout for NCAA March Madness&quot; - has launched a multiplatform &quot;We Do It For You&quot; campaign in honor of the college basketball tournament.'
p7
aS'Insider Trading Activity Buffalo Wild Wings   CEO Sold 2000 ... Market Exclusive - 16 hours ago On 9/4/2012 Judith A Shoulak, EVP, sold 1,000 with an average share price of $76.68 per share and the total transaction amounting to $76,680.00.'
p8
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings hiring workers for Athens restaurant opening in March AL.com - Feb 27, 2017 The chicken wings restaurant and sports bar will host open interviews from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.Activist investor Marcato turns up heat on Buffalo Wild Wings - ReutersHere's the brutal presentation that an activist investor just published about ... - Business Insider"
p9
aS"K9 fundraiser at Buffalo Wild Wings WeAreGreenBay.com - Mar 9, 2017 GRAND CHUTE, Wis. - If you like dogs and wings, you can help out the Outagamie County Sheriff's Office Thursday. The department will be holding their K9 fundraiser at the Buffalo Wild Wings in Grand Chute at College and Casaloma. Over the last 3 years,&nbsp;..."
p10
a.