(lp0
S'Broadway Financial Corporation Announces Profits for 4th Quarter and Calendar ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Broadway Financial Corporation  , parent company of Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.'
p1
aS'Broadway Financial banks on customers in underserved areas of LA Los Angeles Times - Feb 9, 2015 Today, a parent company, Broadway Financial Corp., was created to hold what is now called Broadway Federal Bank. The bank has branches in Inglewood, mid-Wilshire and near the Los Angeles Coliseum.'
p2
aS'Broadway Financial Corporation Announces Repurchase of Shares from US Treasury Business Wire  - Dec 23, 2016 LOS ANGELES----Broadway Financial Corporation  , parent company of Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.'
p3
aS"What You Must Know About Broadway Financial Corporation's  ROE? Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 Broadway Financial Corporation's  7.6% ROE over the past year fell short of the performance averaged by the industry, which delivered 9.83% ROE in the same period."
p4
aS'Broadway Financial Corporation Announces Termination of the Order to Cease and ... Business Wire  - Feb 9, 2016 LOS ANGELES----Broadway Financial Corporation  , parent company of Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.'
p5
aS'Broadway Financial Corporation Announces Rescission of the Consent Order by ... Business Wire  - Nov 30, 2015 LOS ANGELES----Broadway Financial Corporation  , parent company of Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.'
p6
aS'Broadway Financial Corporation Announces Completion of Private Placement of ... Business Wire  - Oct 16, 2014 LOS ANGELES----Broadway Financial Corporation  , parent of Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.'
p7
aS'Stock Check: Viewing Levels for Broadway Financial Corp  The Standard - 22 hours ago Tracking stock levels, Broadway Financial Corp  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -62.69. Even though the name contains the word commodity, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks.'
p8
aS'Broadway Financial Corporation Announces Results of Stockholder Votes At ... Business Wire  - Sep 18, 2014 LOS ANGELES----Broadway Financial Corporation  , parent company of Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.'
p9
aS'Broadway Financial Corporation  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Broadway Financial Corporation  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p10
a.