(lp0
S'Cass Information Systems  Buys UK-Based Effective Telecoms Ltd StreetInsider.com - Mar 6, 2017 Cass Information Systems Inc. , a leading provider of integrated information and payment management solutions, has acquired Effective Telecoms Ltd.Cass Information Systems acquires UK firm - St. Louis Business Journal'
p1
aS"BRIEF-Cass Information Systems acquires UK-based Effective Telecoms Ltd Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 DILI, March 17 East Timorese flocked to political rallies on the final day of campaigning ahead of Monday's presidential election, as Asia's youngest democracy grapples with persistent poverty and corruption at a time when oil revenues are rapidly ..."
p2
aS"BRIEF-Cass Information Systems reports Q4 earnings per share $0.57 Reuters - Feb 2, 2017 SYDNEY, Feb 3 Australia's James Hardie Industries Plc, the world No. 1 maker of fibre cement home panelling, cut its guidance as unexpectedly high production costs hit third-quarter profit, sending its shares down by the most in eight months."
p3
aS"Cass Information Systems Inc  Moves 1.35% Sherwood Daily - 19 hours ago Now let's take a look at how the fundamentals are stacking up for Cass Information Systems Inc . Fundamental analysis takes into consideration market, industry and stock conditions to help determine if the shares are correctly valued."
p4
aS'Cass Information Systems reports record earnings for 2016 STLtoday.com - Feb 6, 2017 Cass Information Systems Inc. on Monday said it achieved record earnings for 2016, bolstered by a strong performance in the fourth quarter.'
p5
aS"Ralph Clermont Joins Board of Directors of Cass Information Systems, Inc. Business Wire  - Oct 23, 2015 ST. LOUIS----Ralph Clermont has been appointed to the board of directors of Cass Information Systems, Inc. , the nation's leading provider of transportation, energy, telecom and waste invoice payment and information&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Basingstoke acquisition for Nasdaq-listed Cass Insider Media - Mar 8, 2017 Nasdaq-listed Cass Information Systems has acquired a telecom expense management business headquartered in Basingstoke. Cass has purchased Effective Telecoms Ltd  for an undisclosed sum as it &quot;continues to executive its global growth strategy&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Cass Information Systems promotes Mark Campbell to a division president STLtoday.com - Feb 20, 2015 Cass Information Systems Inc. promoted Mark Campbell to president of its transportation information systems division. The company provides transportation, utility and telecom invoice payment and information services.'
p8
aS"Liberum Starts Coverage On GlaxoSmithKline , Cass Information Systems ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 9, 2017 Cass Information Systems Incorporated  had a decrease of 12.12% in short interest. CASS's SI was 385,800 shares in March as released by FINRA.Cass Information Systems, Inc  Posts Basic Consolidated EPS Of $2 ... - Equities Focus"
p9
aS'Cass Information Systems to lease Southside space Jacksonville Daily Record - Nov 15, 2012 Michael Loftin, managing director of leasing for Parkway Realty Services, representative of the property owner Deerwood Office Buildings LLC, said Cass Information Systems signed a lease for about 11,100 square feet of space and will move in by the ...'
p10
a.