(lp0
S'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Caterpillar ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 16, 2017 To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Caterpillar, Inc.   between February 19, 2013 and March 1, 2017.'
p1
aS'New Caterpillar CEO Asks Former US Attorney General to Assess and Help Address ... PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 PEORIA, Ill., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caterpillar Inc.  today announced it has retained former U.S. Attorney General William P. Barr as outside counsel.Caterpillar hires former US attorney general after raid - The State Journal-RegisterCaterpillar Inc.  Stake Raised by AQR Capital Management LLC - BNB Daily '
p2
aS"Caterpillar Inc shares tumble most in 3 months after Federal Agents raid three ... Financial Post - Mar 2, 2017 CHICAGO - Federal law enforcement officials searched three facilities of heavy machinery manufacturer Caterpillar Inc on Thursday, a spokeswoman for the U.S.3 Federal Agencies Raid Caterpillar Offices - BenzingaUS authorities raid Caterpillar's Illinois facilities - Reuters"
p3
aS"Caterpillar Tax Probe Gathers Steam Wall Street Journal  - Mar 11, 2017 For Jim Umpleby, who took charge as Caterpillar's chief executive little more than two months ago, an escalating criminal investigation threatens to upstage the heavy-machinery maker's efforts to regain footing in global construction and mining markets."
p4
aS'Caterpillar: Overvalued Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 As always, we are interested most in deriving a fair range of values for Caterpillar and then creating a sound investment structure base on that understanding.'
p5
aS'RM LAW Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against Caterpillar, Inc. PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 BERWYN, Pa., March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- RM LAW, P.C. announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed in United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on behalf of all persons or entities that purchased Caterpillar, Inc ...'
p6
aS'Caterpillar At $80 In A Month? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Financials are not good with guidance already having been cut for this year. Search and seizure warrant only exacerbating issues. I expect more meaningful weakness from energy markets which will invariably put pressure on Caterpillar stock. Technically ...Digging Up the Facts on Caterpillar Inc.  - StockNewsJournalCaterpillar Inc.  Closes 0.36% Up on the Day for March 13 - Equities.com'
p7
aS"Did Axiom's Gordon Johnson Call Caterpillar's Accounting Woes 2 Years Ago? Benzinga - Mar 8, 2017 Shares of Caterpillar Inc.  have been under pressure recently after three federal agencies raided the company's corporate headquarters in Peoria, Illinois, last week.Caterpillar says compliant with tax laws after IRS claim - ReutersIs Caterpillar Inc.  Stock About to Be a Takeover Target? - Investorplace.com"
p8
aS'EOD Risers: 3M Co, Apple Inc., Caterpillar Inc., Chevron Corporation DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Caterpillar Inc. with EPIC code:  a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives, climbed 1.63% or 1.5 points during the course of ...'
p9
aS'FIT AG and Caterpillar Inc join forces to 3D print aluminium and titanium parts TCT Magazine - Mar 14, 2017 FIT AG, an additive manufacturing solutions provider, has today announced a strategic partnership with Caterpillar Inc. to design and 3D print aluminium and titanium parts.Caterpillar Inc partners with additive manufacturing solutions provider FIT AG - 3D Printing Industry'
p10
a.