(lp0
S'CBAK Energy Technology Inc. CBAK  Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 CBAK Energy Technology Inc. CBAK . search. View All companies. AT CLOSE 3:59 PM EST 03/10/17. $1.30 USD; 0.00 0.00%.'
p1
aS'China BAK Battery, Inc. Announces Company Name Change to CBAK Energy ... PR Newswire  - Jan 13, 2017 DALIAN, China, Jan. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- China BAK Battery, Inc.  , a company engaged in the business of developing, manufacturing and selling new energy high power lithium batteries in China, today announced that&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Is CBAK Energy Technology Inc's  Balance Sheet Strong Enough To Weather ... Simply Wall St - Mar 5, 2017 While small-cap stocks, such as CBAK Energy Technology Inc  with its market cap of USD $25 Million, are popular for their explosive growth, investors should also pay heed to their balance sheet to judge whether the company can survive a&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'CBAK Energy Technology Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Extreme Weakness CML News - Feb 2, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for CBAK Energy Technology Inc  . The company has a one bull technical rating which indicates extreme weakness.'
p4
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in CBAK Energy Technology Inc  CML News - Mar 15, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in CBAK Energy Technology Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p5
aS'CBAK Energy Technology Inc  Stock Technicals at Critical ... CML News - Feb 2, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for CBAK Energy Technology Inc  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p6
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: CBAK Energy Technology Inc  Critical ... CML News - Feb 5, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for CBAK Energy Technology Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p7
aS'Trading Covered Calls: CBAK Energy Technology Inc  : Using ... CML News - Mar 4, 2017 As we look at CBAK Energy Technology Inc we note that a covered call is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the covered call often times lacks the necessary rigor especially&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: CBAK Energy Technology Inc  CML News - Feb 22, 2017 As we look at CBAK Energy Technology Inc we note that a short put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the short put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Stock Update: Levels in Review for CBAK Energy Technology Inc  The Standard - 22 hours ago Many technical traders will be taking a look at different indicators to help figure out where shares may be heading. At the time of writing, CBAK Energy Technology Inc  has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of 100.31. Although the indicator&nbsp;...'
p10
a.