(lp0
S'Renaissance Technologies LLC Cuts Stake in Cracker Barrel Old Country Store ... Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Cracker Barrel Old Country Store logo Renaissance Technologies LLC lowered its position in Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  by 69.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned&nbsp;...Shares in Focus: Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  - Davidson RegisterCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  EPS Forecast At $2.5 - Transcript Daily'
p1
aS'Why Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Shares Jumped 13% Last Month Motley Fool - Jul 9, 2016 What: Shares of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  popped 13% in June, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Announces Spotlight Music Partner ... - PR Newswire Laura Daily: FACES of the South - StyleBlueprint '
p2
aS'Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Bottom Line Rises 15% In Q2 Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017  - Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  revealed a profit for its second quarter that climbed compared to the same period last year.Cracker Barrel Old Country Store and Country Living Magazine Partner for ... - Yahoo FinanceCRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS"Cracker Barrel Old Country Store's  CEO Sandy Cochran on Q1 2017 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 22, 2016 Good morning and welcome to Cracker Barrel Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.Cracker Barrel 1Q same-store sales rise, but retail suffers - Nation's Restaurant NewsCracker Barrel to employ 175 in New Albany - Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal"
p4
aS'Dividend Growth &amp; Technical Update on Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc ... Business Review - 14 hours ago Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  currently has a 10 year dividend growth rate of 0.29239. This number is calculated using the geometric average which provides the typical value of dividend growth over the specified period using ...'
p5
aS"Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Launches &quot;Operation Rocker&quot; to Kick Off ... PR Newswire  - Jun 30, 2016 LEBANON, Tenn., June 30, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Cracker Barrel Old Country Store named Operation Homefront as its new flagship nonprofit partner to support the organization's mission of building strong, stable and secure military families."
p6
aS'Buy Cracker Barrel In A Down Time For Restaurants Seeking Alpha - Oct 27, 2016 Cracker Barrel  is an excellent long-term holding that has consistently returned capital to shareholders. They are ... The stores operate as a combination of family restaurant and retail outlet with the gift shops that operate in every ...'
p7
aS"orderTalk, Inc. Delivers Digital Ordering to Cracker Barrel Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Established in 1969 in Lebanon, Tenn., Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc. and its affiliates operate 641 Cracker Barrel Old Country Store company-owned locations in 43 states and own the fast casual restaurant Holler &amp; Dash. Nation's Restaurant&nbsp;...Cracker Barrel To Present At The Bank of America Merrill Lynch Consumer ... - PR Newswire Insider Trading Activity Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (NASDAQ:CBRL ... - Market Exclusive"
p8
aS'Cracker Barrel: Can The Rally Be Sustained? Seeking Alpha - Jun 3, 2016 The mission of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.  is to maximize customer satisfaction, offering a friendly &quot;home-away-from-home&quot; experience in its old country stores and restaurants.Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Is Worth the Stop  - Investorplace.comCracker Barrel outpacing the industry - Food Business News '
p9
aS"Cracker Barrel's Stock Is A Good Buy After The Sell-Off Seeking Alpha - Sep 16, 2016 This year was a roller coaster ride for Cracker Barrel Old Country Store's  stock. The stock began the year at $119 and then jumped to $172 in June.Cracker Barrel's Weak Forecast Could Presage Restaurant Recession - TheStreet.com"
p10
a.