(lp0
S'Shares of Colfax Corporation Plunge 10% Despite Topping Estimates Motley Fool - May 3, 2016 What: Shares of Colfax Corporation , a leading global manufacturer of gas and fluid handling and fabrication products and services, are dropping 10% after the company announced its first-quarter financial results.'
p1
aS'Colfax Corp. - Restructuring Efforts To Counter Downturn In Top Line Performance Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2015 Colfax Corp , the industrial manufacturing and engineering company reported an adjusted EPS of $0.24, which is significantly below our expectations for the third quarter.'
p2
aS'Colfax Corp  Receives Average Recommendation of Buy from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - 22 hours ago Colfax Corp logo Colfax Corp  has been assigned an average recommendation of Buy from the thirteen research firms that are presently covering the stock.The Colfax Corp  Director Rajiv Vinnakota Sells 500 Shares - Petro Global News 24Colfax Corp  Shares Sold by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans - BBNS'
p3
aS'Rajiv Vinnakota Sells 500 Shares of Colfax Corp  Stock Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Colfax Corp logo Colfax Corp  Director Rajiv Vinnakota sold 500 shares of Colfax Corp stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th.Basic Consolidated EPS Of Colfax Corporation  At $1.1813 - Equities FocusHome Depot  Touches $148.58 High on Mar, 16, CM Bidwell &amp; Associates LTD ... - HuronReport'
p4
aS"Colfax Corp. hires new CEO Baltimore Sun - Jul 24, 2015 Colfax Corp. has tapped a former DuPont senior vice president as its next chief executive. Matthew L. Trerotola will replace Steven E. Simms, who will assist in the transition and will continue to serve on the company's board of directors.New Colfax CEO has $6.75 million signing bonus - Baltimore Business Journal"
p5
aS'Colfax to acquire business unit from Siemens AG for $205 million Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 8, 2017 Colfax Corp. is continuing its growth after agreeing to a $205 million deal to acquire a business unit from German conglomerate Siemens AG.Colfax Announces Acquisition of Siemens Turbomachinery Equipment GmbH - GlobeNewswire '
p6
aS"Colfax Corp.'s New CFO Has a Winning Record TheStreet.com - Jun 3, 2016 There are a few people out there that we just admire, and one of them I do is Christopher Hix, whom Colfax Corp.  named yesterday as its chief financial officer."
p7
aS'CFO Moves: Colfax Corp., Nektar Therapeutics, Western Refining Logistics Wall Street Journal  - Jun 2, 2016 Colfax Corp., a manufacturing and engineering company based in Annapolis Junction, Md., named Christopher Hix finance chief, following the filing of its second-quarter report.'
p8
aS"Adding value to a company  and community Charlotte Business Journal - Feb 24, 2017 Kevin Chapman's career took several twists and turns before he landed at Colfax Corp. as North America legal counsel. After he graduated from UNC Chapel Hill with a bachelor's degree in business administration, Chapman was a finance associate at what&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Colfax: Rales Brothers On Sale Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2016 The market is myopically focusing on near-term issues at Colfax. While the near-term outlook for diversified industrials looks grim, the long-term remains bright.'
p10
a.