(lp0
S'Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Stock Is a Zombie You Need to Avoid Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 One year after founder and CEO Aubrey McClendon died in a one-car accident, the company he founded remains one of the most controversial in the oilpatch.Checking the Overall Picture for Chesapeake Energy Corporation  - StockNewsJournalChesapeake Energy Corporation  Closed the Last Trading Session at $5.45 - Normangee Star'
p1
aS"Insider Trading Alert: Chesapeake Energy Insiders Are Loading Up The Truck Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 A case in point is oil and natural gas company Chesapeake Energy Corp. which has made two filings with the U.S. Securities And Exchange Commission in March regarding insider dealings.How Does Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournalChesapeake Energy: Why CHK Won't Bottom Soon - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS"Chesapeake Energy: Here's Why It Is Falling Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Chesapeake Energy's  stock price has again come under pressure. This is the norm for Chesapeake shareholders, who have held it for an extended period of time.Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Is an All-or-Nothing Stock - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS'Insider buys 500K shares. Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Yesterday, Chesapeake Energy  filed a Form 4 showing that Archie Dunham, Chairman of the board emeritus bought 500K shares of stock ranging in price from $5.22 to $5.26.'
p4
aS"Chesapeake Energy: It's Going To Be Daunting Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Chesapeake Energy lost $0.05 per share last year, but its bottom-line is showing some signs of life and it has also managed to improve its financial health.3 Big Stock Charts for Wednesday: Chesapeake Energy Corporation , Nvidia ... - Investorplace.comChesapeake Energy Corporation  Dips 3.77% for March 02 - Equities.com"
p5
aS"Chesapeake: The Market Overreacted Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 In this article I decided to look at Chesapeake Energy Corp. after the management team released financial results for the firm's fourth quarter of 2016.Chesapeake Energy Corporation Shares Rise After Earnings - ValueWalkChesapeake Energy Corporation Reports 2016 Full Year And Fourth Quarter ... - Yahoo Finance"
p6
aS"Why Smart Investors Buy Chesapeake Energy Today Seeking Alpha - Feb 18, 2017 However, recovering crude oil prices and Chesapeake Energy's more aggressive capital program for 2017 suggest that the oil and natural gas company is much more optimistic about its future than it was just a short while ago. Further, after selling more ..."
p7
aS'Chesapeake Energy Is A Strong Buy Seeking Alpha - Feb 18, 2017 Chesapeake CEO Mr. Doug Lawler recently gave a presentation at the Credit Suisse Energy Summit where he shared some valuable information about the company and its future. I encourage interested investors to click on the link above for detailed&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Chesapeake Energy: Follow The Yellow Brick Road Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Chesapeake Energy Corp.  is an oil &amp; natural gas exploration and production company. Along with many other energy exploration and production companies, CHK has been losing money after the energy price crash.'
p9
aS'Chesapeake Energy files to delay Form 10-K Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 As flagged in its 8-K furnished on Feb. 23, CHK expects to report a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting in the Form 10-K; as a result, CHK says it needs more time to perform additional testing related to applicable ...'
p10
a.