(lp0
S'Cherokee Inc., A Small Core Stock Making Big Moves Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2017 Cherokee Inc.  has worked hard to diversify and grow its revenues through acquisition, including its most recent, Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings.'
p1
aS'Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Cherokee Inc  to Sell BNB Daily  - Mar 17, 2017 Cherokee Inc logo Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cherokee Inc  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Monday.'
p2
aS'Cherokee Inc. Announces Entry into Hi-Tec Acquisition Documents and Pricing of ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 29, 2016 Cherokee Inc.  , a global marketer and manager of a portfolio of fashion and lifestyle brands, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all issued and outstanding share capital ...Cherokee to Acquire Hi-Tec Shoemaker for $96 Million - San Fernando Valley Business JournalCherokee to buy Hi-Tec Sports in $95M share purchase deal - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'Cherokee Inc.  ERP5  A Look at Valuation Business Review - 14 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p4
aS'Zacks Investment Research Lowers Cherokee Inc  to Sell The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Cherokee Inc logo Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cherokee Inc  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Monday morning.Cherokee Inc  Downgraded by B. Riley to Neutral - Community Financial News'
p5
aS'Cherokee Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 6, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Cherokee Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.'
p6
aS'Cherokee Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Cherokee Inc logo Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Cherokee Inc  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note released on Monday morning.The Menta Capital LLC Has $187000 Stake in Cherokee Inc  - Petro Global News 24Cherokee Inc  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS"Calibrating the Trade: Watching Technicals on Shares of Cherokee Inc  Baxter Review - 20 hours ago Let's take a look at some recent technical levels on shares of Cherokee Inc . The current 14-day RSI is noted at 35.99, the 7-day is 34.26, and the 3-day is seen at 42.58."
p8
aS"Toward that end, Q1 wasn't comforting - while Cherokee management spoke ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 10, 2016 The issue with trying to value Cherokee  at the moment is that there are so many moving parts over the next 2-3 years that any real fundamental analysis suffers from a serious case of the &quot;garbage in, garbage out&quot; problem."
p9
aS'Cherokee Inc  Downgraded by B. Riley BNB Daily  - Mar 14, 2017 Cherokee Inc logo B. Riley downgraded shares of Cherokee Inc  from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a report issued on Friday.The Cherokee Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.