(lp0
S'Chimera Investment Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 18 hours ago Chimera Investment Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.74% to close at $19.83.Hot Stock to Watch: Chimera Investment Corporation  - HugoPressBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: California Resources Corporation (CRC ... - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS"Why I Have Ditched This High-Flying 10% Yielder Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Mortgage real estate investment trust Chimera Investment Corp.'s  shares have been flying higher and higher this year on the back of soaring investor optimism in high yield income vehicles.Chimera Investment Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.comChimera Investment Corporation  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio - Energy Index"
p2
aS'Chimera Investment: 8% With A Twist Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Chimera Investment Corp.  tapped the preferred market for the second time in under six months, raising nearly $300 million.'
p3
aS"Chimera Investment Corp.: Best-In-Class Mortgage REIT Yields 11% Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 Chimera Investment Corp.  keeps on hitting the ball out of the park. Chimera Investment Corp. had another quarter of strong core earnings, which continued to improve the mortgage REIT's already great dividend coverage stats.Analyst Upgrades  Chimera Investment Corporation  Stock Gets ... - Market ExclusiveThe Way Wall Street Experts See Chimera Investment Corporation  - Post Analyst"
p4
aS'Stock Alert: Chimera Investment Corporation Price Volatility Hits A ... CML News - 18 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Chimera Investment Corporation  has seen its stock price move at a deteriorated level.'
p5
aS'Chimera Investment Corp: A Potential High-Yield Ticking Time Bomb Seeking Alpha - Aug 8, 2016 So far in 2016 greatly decreased rate-hike expectations and a desperate hunt for yield have been a boon to REITs, especially mREITs such as Chimera Investment Corp , American Capital Agency , and Annaly Capital&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Chimera Investment Corp.: Why I Am Selling  Seeking Alpha - Dec 5, 2016 Chimera Investment Corp.  has been one of the best performing income investments for me this year. So far, Chimera Investment's shares have risen 23.3 percent in 2016, which is a superb return for any high-yield income vehicle where one&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Chimera Investment Corporation - Dividend Safe And Attractive, But Shares ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 21, 2016 Chimera Investment Corp is a hybrid REIT that mostly invest  in mortgage credit. The company only holds a small agency portfolio.Prominent Runners: RPC, Inc. , Knight Transportation (NYSE:KNX ... - iStreetWire'
p8
aS'Chimera Investment Corporation has a different portfolio compared to most ... Seeking Alpha - Jun 29, 2016 Chimera Investment Corporation has a different portfolio compared to most mortgage REITs. The impact of consolidation on the balance sheets require some reconciliation to reach an economic book value.'
p9
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Chimera Investment Corporation  ? The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Chimera Investment Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.