(lp0
S"Shares in Colgate-Palmolive Company  Acquired by Cpcm LLC ClickLancashire - 6 hours ago If we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is 0.86%, whereas Month Volatility is at 1.32%. The SI to Colgate Palmolive Company's float is 1.01%. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in Colgate-Palmolive Company by 200.6% in the ...Colgate-Palmolive Company  Shares Sold by Davy Asset Management Ltd - Chaffey BreezeColgate-Palmolive Company  Shares Bought by AMF Pensionsforsakring AB - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS"Why Colgate-Palmolive Company's Shares Popped 13% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Not coincidentally, Colgate-Palmolive shares started rising just as any deal between Kraft and Unilever fell apart. Traders were certainly thinking the two companies would work well together, driving shares higher short-term. But this is really ...How Analysts See Colgate-Palmolive Company  Perform Over The Next Year? - Simply Wall StPPL Corporation , Colgate-Palmolive Company  Stock Eyes Ahead of Earnings - The USA Commerce"
p2
aS'Colgate-Palmolive  Dividend Stock Analysis ValueWalk - Mar 13, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets consumer products worldwide. The company operates in two segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care; and Pet Nutrition.Colgate-Palmolive Company  Squeezes Out Another Dividend Raise - Investorplace.com'
p3
aS"Colgate-Palmolive  Up 7.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Colgate-Palmolive Company CL. Shares have added about 7.5% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Today's Brokerage Rating: HCP, Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Company  - StockNewsJournalWhat Analysts are Predicting For Colgate-Palmolive Company , Union Pacific ... - The USA Commerce"
p4
aS"Is It Time to go for Colgate-Palmolive Company , NetApp, Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Colgate-Palmolive Company  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 30.96 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at&nbsp;...Zacks Rank on Colgate-Palmolive Company  based on Estimated Earnings - Money Flow Index & TrendsLooking Mainly At Fundamentals: Colgate-Palmolive Company , NetApp, Inc ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p5
aS"Colgate-Palmolive Company : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Colgate-Palmolive Company , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Company  Rises 4.32% for February 17 Equities.com - Feb 17, 2017 Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Friday February 17 was Colgate-Palmolive Company , popping some 4.32% to a price of $71.98 a share with some 14.85 million shares trading hands.'
p7
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Colgate-Palmolive Company  Stock Gets Upgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Feb 21, 2017 Today, Colgate-Palmolive Company  stock received an upgrade by BNP Paribas from Neutral to Outperform. There are 13 hold ratings, 3 buy ratings on the stock.Stock Price of Colgate-Palmolive Company  Increases 6.29% - Energy Index'
p8
aS"Colgate-Palmolive Company : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - Feb 22, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Personal Products. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $73.18, up from yesterday's close by 1.67%."
p9
aS"The Technical Facts on Colgate-Palmolive Company  The USA Commerce - Feb 27, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Colgate-Palmolive Company , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.