(lp0
S'Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. Shareholders Approve Merger with First Bancorp GlobeNewswire  - Dec 22, 2016 GREENSBORO, N.C., Dec. 22, 2016  -- On December 20, 2016, the shareholders of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.  voted at a special meeting of shareholders to approve the previously announced Agreement and Plan of&nbsp;...Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.  Shareholders Approve First Bancorp (FBNC ... - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'First Bancorp to Acquire Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jun 22, 2016 SOUTHERN PINES and GREENSBORO, N.C., June 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- First Bancorp  the parent company of First Bank, announced today the signing of a definitive merger agreement under which First Bancorp will acquire Carolina&nbsp;...First Bancorp plans to expand Triad presence by buying Carolina Bank - Winston-Salem JournalGreensboro loses yet another institution with Carolina Bank sale - Greensboro News & Record'
p2
aS'First Bancorp Completes Acquisition of Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc. PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 SOUTHERN PINES, N.C., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- First Bancorp  announced today the completion of its previously announced merger with Carolina Bank Holdings, Inc.  . Under the terms&nbsp;...CAROLINA BANK HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Completion of ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS'First Bancorp Receives Regulatory Approval for Acquisition of Carolina Bank ... PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2017 First Bancorp is a bank holding company headquartered in Southern Pines, North Carolina, with total assets of approximately $3.6 billion.West Town Bank &amp; Trust and Sound Bank Announce Merger - Yahoo Finance'
p4
aS'The Carolina Bank Holding Inc.   Position Held by Raymond James ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. held its stake in shares of Carolina Bank Holding Inc.   during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p5
aS'First Bancorp completes Carolina Bank purchase Greensboro News & Record - Mar 6, 2017 Following the closing date, Carolina shareholders will be mailed an election form with instructions and a deadline for electing how they wish to be compensated in terms of cash and stock.'
p6
aS'First Bancorp plans March 3 closing on Carolina Bank purchase Winston-Salem Journal - Feb 20, 2017 Carolina Bank, the bank subsidiary of Carolina Bank Holdings, will continue to operate as Carolina Bank until it is merged into First Bank, which is expected to occur this summer.'
p7
aS"Bank of America's Former Top Lawyer Lynch to Retire in April Bloomberg Big Law Business - Mar 15, 2017 Bank of America Corp. Vice Chairman Gary Lynch, the Wall Street lawyer brought in to help the lender clean up its financial crisis-era mess, is retiring."
p8
aS'Green Bancorp, Inc. Appoints Terry Earley Chief Financial Officer GlobeNewswire  - 18 hours ago HOUSTON, March 17, 2017  -- Green Bancorp, Inc. , the bank holding company  that operates Green Bank, N.A., is pleased to announce the appointment of Terry Earley as Chief Financial Officer for Green ...'
p9
aS'Insider Trading Activity Carolina Financial Corp   CEO Sold 442 ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Carolina Financial Corporation is a bank holding company. ... CresCom Bank provides a range of commercial and retail banking financial services to meet the financial needs of its customers through its branch network in South Carolina and North Carolina.'
p10
a.