(lp0
S'Mark Morelli named new CEO at Columbus McKinnon Corp. Buffalo Business First - Feb 28, 2017 Mark Morelli has been appointed president and CEO of Columbus McKinnon Corp., the Amherst-based manufacturing company. He will replace the retiring Timothy Tevens, who had served as president and CEO sine 1998.Columbus McKinnon Names New Chief Executive Officer - GlobeNewswire Columbus McKinnon  Appoints Mark Morelli as CEO - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'Columbus McKinnon to buy German hoist maker for $240 million Buffalo News - Dec 7, 2016 Columbus McKinnon Corp., moving to bolster its presence in the European markets and expand its hoist business, has agreed to acquire a German crane components manufacturer in a deal worth $240 million.'
p2
aS"Columbus McKinnon completes Stahl deal Buffalo News - Jan 31, 2017 Columbus McKinnon Corp. has wrapped up its $$240 million acquisition of German hoist manufacturer Stahl CraneSystems. The acquisition, which will make Columbus McKinnon the world's second-biggest hoist maker, is expected to add about 34 cents per&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Columbus McKinnon Completes Acquisition of Magnetek GlobeNewswire  - Sep 2, 2015 AMHERST, N.Y., Sept. 2, 2015  -- Columbus McKinnon Corporation , a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of material handling products, today announced that, through a wholly owned subsidiary, it has&nbsp;...Magnetek sale to New York-based manufacturer completed - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p4
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Columbus McKinnon Corporation Stock Volatility ... CML News - 16 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Columbus McKinnon Corporation  has seen its stock price whip around at an escalated level.'
p5
aS"Columbus McKinnon to raise $47 million in stock sale Buffalo News - Dec 19, 2016 Columbus McKinnon Corp. has reached an agreement to raise $47.2 million by selling additional shares of the Amherst material handling equipment maker's stock to help pay for its acquisition of a German hoist maker."
p6
aS'Columbus McKinnon Corp. Hoists Itself Above Its Competitors Motley Fool - Feb 19, 2014 Columbus McKinnon  is one notable exception; it is the largest manufacturer of hoists in the U.S. and also provides other material handling products such as rigging tools, cranes, and actuators.'
p7
aS'Columbus McKinnon Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Columbus McKinnon Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.04 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 20, 2017.Columbus McKinnon Corporation  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 on ... - Sports PerspectivesZacks Investment Research upgraded Columbus McKinnon Corp.  to ... - Breaking Finance News'
p8
aS'Columbus McKinnon Poised For An Industrial Recovery, But So Is The Street Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 Columbus McKinnon is an under-followed leader in the U.S. material handling space, with strong share in hoists, industrial cranes, digital motion control systems, and related equipment.'
p9
aS'Columbus McKinnon to Participate at ROTH 29th Annual and SGS Transports ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 1, 2017 AMHERST, N.Y., March 01, 2017  -- Columbus McKinnon Corporation , a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of material handling products, technologies and services, announced today that President and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.