(lp0
S"Olagues steps down as Cleco president and CEO PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2017 PINEVILLE, La., Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- On Wednesday, Feb. 8, Darren Olagues resigned as president and CEO of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC and Cleco Power LLC, the company's regulated electric utility. &quot;The board thanks him for his many&nbsp;...Cleco CEO Darren Olagues resigns - Alexandria Town TalkDarren Olagues resigns as Cleco president and CEO - KALB News "
p1
aS"Moody's assigns Baa3 rating to Cleco Corp's senior secured note issuance Moodys.com   - May 11, 2016 Cleco Corporation is a holding company, headquartered in Pineville, LA, whose principal operating subsidiary is Cleco Power LLC . Cleco Power is a vertically integrated regulated electric utility serving customers in central and southern ..."
p2
aS'Cleco CEO on leave following domestic abuse arrest KLFY - Dec 15, 2016 ALEXANDRIA, La.  - Darren Olagues, president and CEO of Cleco Corporate Holdings, LLC, is taking personal leave from the company following this arrest on a domestic abuse charge last Thursday.'
p3
aS"Louisiana Clears Macquarie's $3.4B Cleco Takeover Bloomberg - Mar 29, 2016 Full Show: What'd You Miss? . December 6, 2016. Full Show: Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas . Louisiana &middot; Macquarie Group Ltd &middot; Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC &middot; Australia &middot; Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy 2017 Bloomberg L.P.&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Prosecutor, state representative: Judge overreached in Cleco CEO case KALB News  - Dec 23, 2016 Olagues, president and CEO of Cleco Corporate Holdings, LLC, is on personal leave from the company following his arrest on Dec. 8. Olagues was charged with one count domestic abuse strangulation, a felony.'
p5
aS'New jail documents obtained now point to sheriff releasing Cleco CEO, not judge KALB News  - Dec 28, 2016 ... News Channel 5 cast doubt on who exactly released Cleco CEO Darren Olagues from jail on the night of December 8 when he was arrested for domestic abuse strangulation, a felony charge.'
p6
aS"Business Buzz Shreveport Times - Feb 11, 2017 Olagues steps down as Cleco president. Darren Olagues recently resigned as president and CEO of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC and Cleco Power LLC, the company's regulated electric utility. The Cleco board will begin a search for a permanent&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Cleco CEO accused in domestic incident Alexandria Town Talk - Dec 12, 2016 Cleco is committed to serving our customers with safe, reliable power and working toward a successful future.&quot; According to Cleco's website, Olagues is the president and CEO of Pineville-based Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC, which is the parent of Cleco&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Louisiana PSC Approves Sale of Cleco, Conditional on $136M in Customer Credits Energy Manager Today - Apr 4, 2016 On March 28, the Louisiana Public Service Commission  approved  the sale of Cleco Corporation, the parent of regulated electric utility Cleco Power, to a group of North American infrastructure investors led by Macquarie&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Regulators given new incentives to approve $4.7 bln Cleco buy Thomson Reuters' peHUB  - Mar 16, 2016 PINEVILLE, La., March 14, 2016 - Cleco Corporation , the parent of regulated electric utility Cleco Power LLC and a group of North American infrastructure investors led by Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets  and British Columbia ..."
p10
a.