(lp0
S"Cabot Oil &amp; Gas  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Good morning and welcome to the Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation's 2016 year-end and fourth quarter earnings conference call.Cabot Oil &amp; Gas  Q4 Earnings In Line, Revenues Miss February 24, 2017 - Zacks.com"
p1
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  CML News - 16 hours ago We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p2
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  The USA Commerce - 23 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p3
aS'Why to Keeping Eye on BB&amp;T Corporation , Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation ? StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation , at its latest closing price of $22.27, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.14, compared to an industry average at 0.48.Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation Price Volatility Hits A Deteriorated Level - CML NewsWhat Do Analysts Say About Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  - News Oracle'
p4
aS'Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Q4 Earnings in Line with Estimates, Sales Lag Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 Domestic energy explorer Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corp. COG reported fourth quarter earnings per share - adjusted for special items - of 1 cent, in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate but compared favorably with the year-ago quarter adjusted loss of 2 cents.Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Increases 2017 Spending on Firmer Commodity Prices - Natural Gas Intelligence'
p5
aS'Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  Valuation in the Spotlight Business Review - 14 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p6
aS'Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling ... NY Stock News - Mar 17, 2017 Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p7
aS'Bernstein Downgrades Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation to Market Perform Money Flow Index & Trends - Mar 7, 2017 Brokerage firm Bernstein Downgrades its rating on Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation. The shares have been rated Market Perform.Analyst Activity  Deutsche Bank AG Raises Its Price Target On Cabot Oil &amp; Gas ... - Market Exclusive'
p8
aS"Traders Secrets on Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation , Corning Incorporated  StockNewsJournal - Mar 13, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -8.44 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands&nbsp;...Fundamental Point of View on Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  - Buckeye Business Review"
p9
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation  The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Cabot Oil &amp; Gas Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.