(lp0
S"5 Things You Didn't Know About Costco Wholesale Corporation Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Costco  opened its 100th warehouse in December 1992. A quarter-century later, the retailer generates $116 billion of annual business out of its 728 locations.Is Costco's Business Model Outdated? - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Better Buy: Costco Wholesale Corporation vs. Wal-Mart Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Costco Wholesale Corporation  and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  have come to dominate U.S. retail. While that size is a testament to the company's historical success, lately it hasn't been much of advantage."
p2
aS"BRIEF-Bubs Australia entered into supply agreement with Costco Wholesale ... Reuters - Mar 8, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Costco Wholesale Corporation  Stock: The Danger Is Growing Investorplace.com - Mar 3, 2017 It was opening 30 new stores a year a few years ago, but Costco Addict, which tracks the company's openings, counts only 16 new stores this year in the U.S.Costco Wholesale Corporation Announces 6% Fall In Q2 Earnings - Nasdaq"
p4
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Costco Wholesale Corporation, 50.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Costco Wholesale Corporation  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p5
aS'Stock Alert: Costco Wholesale Corporation Price Volatility Hits A Deteriorated ... CML News - 17 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Costco Wholesale Corporation  has seen its stock price move at a deteriorated level.'
p6
aS'We Are Buyers Of Costco - Cowen Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 We believe Costco is well-positioned to continue delivering double-digit earnings growth over the near-to-medium term driven by square footage growth, steady membership revenue growth, and positive same-store sales comps.'
p7
aS"Earnings Clues on Xcel Energy Inc. , Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Costco Wholesale Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 14.51, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Which insiders are selling Costco Wholesale Corporation ? - Post AnalystRecommendation Trends Analysis: Costco Wholesale Corporation  - TRA"
p8
aS'Costco Wholesale Corporation  Technical Analysis Overbought Condition Live Trading News - Mar 3, 2017 During the past 10 bars, there have been 8 white candles and 2 black candles for a net of 6 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 27 white candles and 23 black candles for a net of 4 white candles.'
p9
aS'COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 Costco Wholesale Corporation is engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the United States and Puerto Rico, Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Spain, and through its subsidiaries in Taiwan and Korea.'
p10
a.