(lp0
S"Two South Carolina lawmakers prepping survivalist communities to 'restore the ... Charleston Post Courier - 20 hours ago They are advocating that their followers, and offshoot groups, form their own communities that will no longer have to rely on corporate America or the tyrannical federal government. They are ... It's serving two purposes, Magnuson told The Post and ..."
p1
aS'Australian troops move closer to the frontline fight against Islamic State in Iraq Courier Mail - Feb 28, 2017 News Corp Australia was given exclusive access to a busy air base where ADF has now deployed mobile training teams from Task Group Taji to help re-skill Iraqis coming on and off the Mosul frontline.'
p2
aS"RAAF pilots being targeted by Exodus of Military's top pilots could be sky-high Courier Mail - Mar 9, 2017 THE military is engaged in a personnel battle with commercial airlines, which are targeting highly trained pilots and engineers. News Corp Australia has learnt the Australian Defence Force has been warned it could lose dozens of experienced aircrew ..."
p3
aS'Tributes paid to Warwick war veteran Warwick Courier - Mar 16, 2017 He was also a fully trained pharmacist and had worked for Boots the chemist in Corporation Street in Coventry for more than 30 years.'
p4
aS"Good news from Ramseur audit, EDC report Asheboro Courier Tribune - Mar 15, 2017 ... 2017 at 2:43 PM. By Judi Brinegar jbrinegar@courier-tribune.com Twitter: @JudiBrinegarCT ... Kevin Franklin, vice president with the Randolph County Economic Development Corporation, presented the group's yearly report to the town. He said that ..."
p5
aS"Randolph Health more than a new name Asheboro Courier Tribune - 19 hours ago It couples the financial benefits with a positive, tailor-made Randolph Health CHC BetterCare plan to further enhance the value of a corporation's plan. The goals can be summed up in a few words: prevention, health improvement and chronic disease&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Sonoma County housing, homeless and legal services brace for budget cuts under ... Petaluma Argus Courier - Mar 17, 2017 Trump's budget would eliminate funding for nearly 20 small independent agencies, including the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and the Legal Services Corporation. Legal Aid of Sonoma County gets no funding from that umbrella entity but would suffer&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'City Corp. board gets rate study updates Russellville Courier - Mar 3, 2017 The City Corporation Board of Directors received updated studies on its water and wastewater rates during their February meeting Tuesday.'
p8
aS'BBC to launch new Scottish TV channel East Lothian Courier - Feb 22, 2017 BBC Scotland is due to begin broadcasting from autumn 2018 and the hour-long news show, which will be edited and presented in Scotland, will lead to the creation of 80 new journalist posts at the BBC.'
p9
aS'Courier Capital LLC Has $1761000 Stake in Comcast Corporation  BNB Daily  - Feb 21, 2017 Comcast Corporation logo Courier Capital LLC lowered its stake in Comcast Corporation  by 5.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p10
a.