(lp0
S'Corporate Resource files for Ch. 11 after refinancing falls apart Reuters - Jul 27, 2015 Staffing company Corporate Resource Services Inc has filed for bankruptcy after discovering an affiliated business had not paid an estimated $80 million in taxes, which derailed refinancing negotiations.Corporate Resource Services, Inc. and Seven Affiliates File Chapter 11 ... - JD Supra '
p1
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Joseph P. Ciavarella as Chief Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 12, 2015 NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2015  -- Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, energy and consulting services firm, today announced that Joseph P. Ciavarella&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Corporate Resource Services weighs possible sale after PEO files for bankruptcy Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 4, 2015 Leadership at staffing provider Corporate Resource Services Inc.  is weighing a possible sale of some or all of the company, according to a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p3
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Sy Holzer to Board of Directors Business Wire  - Sep 29, 2014 NEW YORK----Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, and consulting services firm, today announced that Sy Holzer will be joining the CRS Board of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'CRS Execs Must Face Investor Suit Over $100M Tax Liability Law360  - Jul 6, 2016 Law360, New York  -- The former chief executive officer of bankrupt staffing firm Corporate Resource Services Inc. and others must face a proposed securities class action alleging they helped cover up a closely tied payroll&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Block &amp; Leviton LLP Reminds AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Shareholders Of ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 BOSTON, March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Block &amp; Leviton LLP , a securities litigation firm representing investors nationwide, reminds shareholders of AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.   of the ...Investor Alert: Kaplan Fox Announces Investigation Of AmTrust Financial ... - Yahoo FinanceAmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Provides Update on 10-K Filing - EconoTimes'
p6
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on ... EconoTimes - Mar 17, 2017 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline - AFSI ... weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting that ...'
p7
aS'Lawsuit for Investors in AmTrust Financial Services Inc  shares ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2017 SAN DIEGO, March 13, 2017  -- The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. announces that a lawsuit was filed for certain purchasers of shares of AmTrust Financial Services Inc  over alleged Securities Laws Violations by AmTrust ...'
p8
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK, March 15, 2017  -- Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.   of the May 1, 2017 deadline to seek the role&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"GHRS staff was not aware of company's closure Loop Trinidad & Tobago - 19 hours ago Cuffie explained that at the time of the company's establishment in 2006 the Trinidad and Tobago economy grew by 7.7 percent, which meant the country was in need of additional human resources. Government felt then that it needed to attract the best&nbsp;..."
p10
a.