(lp0
S'Cintas Corporation Announces Regulatory Approval for the Acquisition of G&amp;K ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Cintas Corporation  announced today that all necessary regulatory consents relating to the acquisition of G&amp;K Services, Inc.  have been received with no divestiture requirements, and the transaction is expected to close on Tuesday ...G&amp;K Services, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Cintas Corporation Announces Webcast for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Cintas Corporation  today announced that it will release fiscal 2017 third quarter results on Wednesday, March 22, 2017, after the market closes.Cintas  Reaches $124.08 High on Mar, 17; Oxford Industries (OXM ... - Herald KSPEG Ratio Of Cintas Corporation  At 2.48 - Equities Focus'
p2
aS'Cintas Corporation  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Cintas Corporation is a provider of corporate identity uniforms through rental and sales programs, as well as a provider of related business services, including entrance mats, restroom cleaning services and supplies, carpet and tile cleaning services ...'
p3
aS'Labor Market Boils, Cintas Reaps The Spoils Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Labor markets are coming to a boil, job growth should be expected for the foreseeable future. Cintas is uniquely positioned to benefit; the company has been growing for three decades and still is. FQ3 earnings are due in two weeks; look for high-single ...'
p4
aS'Cintas Corp.: Avoid Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2017 I believe every virtue, taken to an extreme, becomes a vice. That said, I believe it a good thing when management decides to return capital to shareholders in the form of dividends or share buybacks.'
p5
aS"Cintas Corporation - Compelling Growth Story But Overpriced Seeking Alpha - Sep 6, 2016 The acquisition of G&amp;K Services should further solidify Cintas's leading position in the uniform and facility service industry."
p6
aS'Research Brokerage Views on Cintas Corporation  Aoxing ... Sherwood Daily - 31 minutes ago Cintas Corporation  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.'
p7
aS'Cintas: Strong Performer With A Stretched Valuation Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 Cintas is a large-cap company that supplies uniforms as well as many other items and services to over 900,000 businesses across the globe that help them operate.'
p8
aS'Cintas Corporation to Acquire G&amp;K Services Business Wire  - Aug 16, 2016 CINCINNATI----Cintas Corporation  and G&amp;K Services, Inc.  today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Cintas will acquire all outstanding shares of G&amp;K Services for $97.50&nbsp;...Merger News Sends Cintas Corporation and G&amp;K Services Inc Soaring Today - Motley FoolCintas To Buy G&amp;K Services; Morgan Stanley Raises Target Price - Benzinga'
p9
aS'Cintas Corporation Bottom Line Climbs 7% In Q2 Nasdaq - Dec 22, 2016  - Cintas Corporation  revealed a profit for its second quarter that gained ground compared to the same period last year.Cintas Nudges Outlook Higher As Q2 Earnings Meet Expectations - ETF Daily News 3 Stocks to Watch on Friday: Cal-Maine Foods Inc , Cintas Corporation ... - Investorplace.com'
p10
a.