(lp0
S"Why Cablevision Systems Corporation Stock Popped 15% Thursday Motley Fool - Sep 17, 2015 Because shareholders representing the majority of Cablevision's outstanding voting power have already delivered written consents approving the acquisition, it requires no further shareholder approval.Cablevision Issues Statement on Acquisition of Cablevision by Altice - Business Wire "
p1
aS"Why Cablevision Systems Corporation Stock Lit Up Today Motley Fool - May 20, 2015 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis."
p2
aS'Why Cablevision Systems Corporation Stock Jumped 18% in July Motley Fool - Aug 5, 2015 So what: The New York-based parent of Optimum cable, Internet, and phone services got a 7% boost on July 10 as Patrick Drahi, the chairman of multinational cable and telecom giant Altice said Cablevision would make a good takeover target. Drahi also&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Altice expands in US with $17.7 billion Cablevision deal Reuters - Sep 17, 2015 AS), one of the most acquisitive European telecoms groups, made a major move into the U.S. market on Thursday with a deal to buy fourth-largest operator Cablevision Systems Corp CVC.N for $17.7 billion including debt. Altice founder Patrick Drahi, who&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"FCC approves Altice purchase of Cablevision Systems Reuters - May 4, 2016 WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said late on Tuesday it had approved European telecoms group Altice NV's acquisition of U.S.Cablevision Systems Corporation Reports First Quarter 2016 Results - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Altice Completes Takeover of Cablevision Systems  StreetInsider.com - Jun 21, 2016 Altice announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Cablevision Systems Corporation , the leading communications service provider in the New York metropolitan area.Cablevision sale to Altice for $17.7 billion completed - NewsdayAltice Closes Cablevision Acquisition Deal - TheStreet.com'
p6
aS"Moody's assigns B1 to Neptune Finco Corp. (Altice/Cablevision acquisition ... Moodys.com   - Sep 25, 2015 Neptune is a wholly owned subsidiary of Altice N.V.  which will finance its acquisition of Cablevision Systems Corporation . Neptune will issue $10.6 billion of new debt obligations, including a $5.3 ..."
p7
aS"Brian Sweeney to Become Chief Financial Officer of Cablevision Business Wire  - Feb 6, 2015 BETHPAGE, N.Y.----Cablevision Systems Corporation  today announced that the company's president Brian G. Sweeney will also become chief financial officer, effective March 1, 2015.Sweeney Adds CFO Duties to His Role As CVC President - Multichannel News"
p8
aS'Cablevision Systems Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Results Business Wire  - Feb 25, 2016 Cablevision Systems Corporation  is a leading media and telecommunications company, serving millions of households and businesses throughout the greater New York area.'
p9
aS"New owner of Cablevision to cut 600 jobs, close call center in Shelton New Haven Register - Aug 9, 2016 The Netherlands-based company that bought Cablevision Systems Corp. at the end of June in an $17.7 billion deal made another move Tuesday to remake the company, announcing it will eliminate 600 jobs in Connecticut between now and November.Drahi's Altice Boosts Profit as US Purchases Bring Growth - Bloomberg"
p10
a.