(lp0
S'Ambulance Victoria calls for citizen first-responders to help respond to ... Herald Sun - Jan 27, 2017 Ambulance Victoria is developing a smart phone app that will see first aid-trained community members notified when a triple-0 call is made for a person having a heart attack nearby.'
p1
aS'Corbitt: Years of experience helpful to Polo SaukValley.com - 13 hours ago I have totally vested myself in our community with complete commitment, whether it be through my work for the city, or more than 20 years of involvement with the Chamber of Commerce, or the Polo Economic Development Corp. as their secretary-treasurer ...'
p2
aS'New American Citizens Celebrate First Time Voting CBS Local - Oct 27, 2016 PHILADELPHIA  - With Election Day rapidly approaching, dozens of immigrants inside Philadelphia City Hall met to talk about what lies ahead when the next president is inaugurated.'
p3
aS'Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Wells Financial Corp. to Merge GlobeNewswire  - 18 hours ago EAU CLAIRE, Wis. and WELLS, Minn., March 17, 2017  -- Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.  , the parent company of Citizens Community Federal, N.A. , and Wells Financial Corp. &nbsp;...'
p4
aS'CIA, In a First, Divulges Procedures for Information on Citizens Wall Street Journal - Jan 18, 2017 WASHINGTONIn a rare act of transparency, the Central Intelligence Agency for the first time has published a fully declassified version of its procedures for handling information on U.'
p5
aS'First Financial Corp  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago According to Zacks, First Financial Corporation is a multi-bank holding company. Subsidiaries include Terre Haute First National Bank, First State Bank, First Citizens State Bank of Newport, First Farmers State Bank, First Ridge Farm State Bank, First ...'
p6
aS"Musk's SpaceX Plans 2018 Flight Circling Moon With Civilians Bloomberg - Feb 27, 2017 Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp. plans to send two private citizens on a trip around the moon late next year as it continues to work with NASA for a planned crewed mission to the International Space Station."
p7
aS"Viewpoints: Western New York's Outstanding Citizens of 2016 Buffalo News - 13 hours ago The Danish-born attorneys came to the U.S. and co-founded several companies, including EMX Corp., a California business that came up with a way to neutralize electromagnetic radiation emitted by cellphones."
p8
aS'New ads show Marines as strong warriors and good citizens Stripes Okinawa - Mar 17, 2017 A billboard the Marine Corps will post as part of a new recruitment advertisement campaign is meant to draw millennials by showing Marines as not only strong warriors but good citizens. &nbsp;...APNewsBreak: New ads show Marines as good citizens, warriors - WTOP'
p9
aS"Waiting on development My Citizens News - 6 hours ago The plan calls for Zitron's New Haven-based Sustainable Development Corp. to build a mixed-use, transit-oriented development on the property on Rubber Avenue."
p10
a.