(lp0
S'OpenText Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Daegis Inc. PR Newswire  - Oct 8, 2015 WATERLOO, Ontario, Oct. 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Open Text Corporation   , a global leader in Enterprise Information Management , today announced a definitive agreement to acquire Daegis Inc. (NASDAQ:&nbsp;...Daegis Inc. Enters into Agreement to Be Acquired by Open Text Corporation - Business Wire '
p1
aS"OpenText Buys Daegis Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 23, 2015 Company D Merger Sub Inc. subsequently completed the merger without a vote of Daegis' stockholders pursuant to Section 251 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, with Daegis surviving the merger as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Daegis AXS-One Archive 4.0 Delivers Support for Microsoft SharePoint Server ... Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2015 IRVING, Texas----Daegis Inc. , a global enterprise software company with comprehensive offerings for information governance, application migration, data management and application development, today announced the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Unify Corporation Changes Name to Daegis, Affirming Transformation to ... Business Wire  - Jul 6, 2011 ROSEVILLE, Calif.----Unify Corp.  today announced that it will change its name to Daegis Inc., effective at 4:59 p.m.'
p4
aS"Daegis Names Deborah Jillson as eDiscovery Division President EON: Enhanced Online News  - May 10, 2012 ... developing creative and pragmatic strategies to drive business growth, said Todd Wille, chief executive officer of Daegis Inc. The combination of Deborah's expertise, including as a user of eDiscovery products, and Daegis' people, technology and ..."
p5
aS'Daegis CEO steps down Sacramento Business Journal - Jan 22, 2013 Todd Wille is stepping down as president and CEO of Daegis Inc., the publicly traded Roseville software and technology services company that used to be known as Unify Corp.'
p6
aS"TD Mobile Dev Tool Tackles Hybrid ADT Magazine - Sep 15, 2015 Gupta, a subsidiary of Daegis Inc., espouses a simplified approach to enterprise apps development that doesn't require developers to have specialized expertise."
p7
aS'Gupta Technologies Greatly Enhances Database Scalability and Multi-User ... Business Wire  - Aug 6, 2015 Gupta Technologies, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Daegis Inc. , provides application development, migration and database software to organizations around the world.'
p8
aS"Gupta Technologies' New Team Developer 6.3 Release Adds Language Enhancements ... Business Wire  - Apr 2, 2015 ROSEVILLE, Calif.----Gupta Technologies, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Daegis Inc. , and a global provider of application development, database and migration software, today announces the availability of Team&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Sacramento's highest-paid public company execs Sacramento Business Journal - Jun 14, 2013 McClatchy , publisher of The Sacramento Bee and other daily newspapers around the country, will slip to the No. 2 position among public companies in the region with expected approval of an acquisition by GenCorp Inc., the Rancho Cordova&nbsp;..."
p10
a.