(lp0
S"Why Shares of Daktronics Inc. Tumbled Today Motley Fool - Jun 1, 2016 So what: Daktronics reported quarterly revenue of $138.5 million, down 12.4% year over year, and about $17.7 million below the average analyst estimate.What Are Daktronics, Inc.  Chiefs Saying After Disappointing F4Q? - Scibility MediaDaktronics'  CEO Reece Kurtenbach on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Daktronics, Inc. Stock Up 19% on Earnings: Here's What You Need to Know Motley Fool - Aug 23, 2016 These kinds of major display projects can make Daktronics' results swing from quarter to quarter. Image source: Daktronics. What: Shares of specialty large-screen display-maker Daktronics, Inc.  are up 19.2% at 1:49 p.m. EDT on August 23,&nbsp;...The Big Surprise By Daktronics, Inc.  - Scibility Media"
p2
aS'Daktronics Well Positioned To Benefit From Increasing Global Infrastructure ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 Daktronics Inc., the industry leader, designs, manufactures, and sells a range of electronic display systems and related products worldwide.'
p3
aS"Daktronics, Inc. Is Not a Stock for the Impatient Motley Fool - Nov 24, 2015 Three months ago, Daktronics  missed Wall Street's first-quarter estimates but noted that long-term orders were still healthy."
p4
aS'Griffin Securities Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for ... BBNS - 1 hour ago Daktronics logo Daktronics, Inc.  - Analysts at Griffin Securities decreased their FY2017 earnings estimates for shares of Daktronics in a research note issued on Tuesday.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Daktronics, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardDaktronics, Inc.  Updated Broker Ratings - NewsDen'
p5
aS'Daktronics breaks record with new halo display Sioux Falls Argus Leader - Nov 4, 2016 Brookings-based Daktronics Inc. has designed and engineered the largest LED video display in sports. The project for Mercedes-Benz Stadium, home of the Atlanta Falcons and Atlanta United FC, is being manufactured and installed by Daktronics.'
p6
aS"Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Daktronics, Inc.'s Q3 2018 Earnings  Chaffey Breeze - 22 hours ago Daktronics logo Daktronics, Inc.  - Equities research analysts at Griffin Securities lowered their Q3 2018 earnings per share  estimates for shares of Daktronics in a report released on Tuesday.Griffin Securities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Daktronics, Inc.  - The Cerbat GemDaktronics, Inc.  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News"
p7
aS'First Ever Halo Display Engineered By Daktronics For Mercedes-Benz Stadium GlobeNewswire  - Nov 1, 2016 BROOKINGS, S.D., Nov. 01, 2016  -- The largest LED video display in all of sports has been designed and engineered, and is now being manufactured and installed, by Daktronics  of Brookings, South Dakota, for&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Daktronics to supply scoreboard, digital displays in and around new Bucks arena Milwaukee Business Journal - Feb 21, 2017 Daktronics Inc. will outfit the new Milwaukee Bucks arena and surrounding development in downtown Milwaukee with digital displays.Daktronics to outfit digital displays at new Bucks arena - Daily ReporterVIDEO: Milwaukee Bucks announce Daktronics as arena video display partner - WTMJ   '
p9
aS"Option Market: Daktronics Inc Risk Hits A Weakened Level CML News - Mar 14, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Daktronics Inc (NASDAQ ..."
p10
a.