(lp0
S"Diebold Nixdorf to sell UK business Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 16, 2017 North Canton-based Diebold Nixdorf Inc.  said it will sell Diebold's legacy business in the United Kingdom to appease regulators there.Diebold Nixdorf to seek 'structural remedy' to UK competition authority concerns - ATM Marketplace Diebold Nixdorf Planning To Divest Legacy Diebold Business In The UK - PR Newswire "
p1
aS"Diebold Nixdorf to close Hungary plant that has 150 workers Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 9, 2017 North Canton-based Diebold Nixdorf Inc.  announced it plans to close a manufacturing plant near Budapest, Hungary, that employs 150 people.Diebold Nixdorf Inc Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.00 Per Share  - Chaffey BreezeDiebold Nixdorf Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS"
p2
aS"Diebold Nixdorf to close Budapest manufacturing facility ATM Marketplace  - Mar 10, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf Inc. plans to close its manufacturing facility located near Budapest in Gyl, Hungary. The closure, a component of the company's recently announced DN2020 multiyear business transformation program, will relocate activities from the ...Diebold Nixdorf will shut Hungary plant as part of long-term restructuring - PaymentsSourceQ3 2017 EPS Estimates for Diebold Nixdorf Inc Lowered by Imperial Capital  - Chaffey Breeze"
p3
aS"It's official: Diebold Inc., Wincor Nixdorf to become Diebold Nixdorf ATM Marketplace  - Nov 23, 2015 Sometime in the mid-1800s, Carl  Diebold, occupation locksmith, left his native Germany to find new opportunity in the U.S.Diebold Agrees to Buy Wincor Nixdorf for About $1.9 Billion - BloombergDiebold Offer for Wincor Nixdorf Values Company at $1.8 Billion - Wall Street Journal"
p4
aS'CFO Moves: Diebold Nixdorf, Cancer Genetics, Cognex Wall Street Journal   - Feb 17, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf Inc., a North Canton, Oh. ATM-maker said the Chief Financial Officer of its German business Jrgen Wunram will become chief executive of that subsidiary.'
p5
aS"Diebold Nixdorf names Juergen Wunram its Chief Operating Officer cleveland.com - Feb 16, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf Inc., the Summit County-based bank and security technology company, on Thursday announced two key global leadership changes: the appointment of Juergen Wunram to chief operating officer, and the resignation of Eckard Heidloff,&nbsp;...Diebold Nixdorf names new chief operating officer; president sets spring departure - Crain's Cleveland BusinessDiebold Nixdorf Names Juergen Wunram COO, Board Member - Quick Facts - Nasdaq"
p6
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Radian Group, Diebold Nixdorf and NICE Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/23/17, Radian Group, Inc. , Diebold Nixdorf Inc , and NICE Ltd  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends. Radian&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Diebold Inc. completes $1.8 billion merger with Germany's Wincor Nixdorf Crain's Cleveland Business - Aug 15, 2016 Diebold Inc.  announced it has completed its $1.8 billion merger with a German rival, Wincor Nixdorf AG, a deal that makes Green-based Diebold the world's largest maker of automated teller machines and gives it a significantly larger ...Diebold Completes Wincor Nixdorf Acquisition - PR Newswire Newly combined Diebold Nixdorf unveils logo - Akron Beacon Journal"
p8
aS'Diebold Nixdorf shuffles C-suite; Heidloff to depart ATM Marketplace  - Feb 24, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf Inc. is making a number of changes at the executive level, including the resignation of president Eckard Heidloff effective March 31.'
p9
aS"Diebold Nixdorf names chief information officer Crain's Cleveland Business - Feb 21, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf Inc. , the North Canton-based maker of automated teller machines and provider of financial services software, has named Murat Ekinci as chief information officer, with responsibility for overseeing the company's corporate&nbsp;..."
p10
a.