(lp0
S"Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc. Reports Results for the Fourth ... Business Wire  - Jan 26, 2017 Owned by Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc. , Dover Downs Hotel &amp; Casino is a premier gaming and entertainment resort destination in the Mid-Atlantic region.Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment's  CEO Denis McGlynn on Q4 2016 ... - Seeking AlphaDover Downs sees profits fall in 2016 - The News Journal"
p1
aS"It's Almost Game Over For Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Seeking Alpha - Mar 11, 2013 Today's Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment can trace its roots to Dover Downs, Inc., which operated the pre-casino Dover Downs. In 2001, Dover Downs, Inc. spun off its gaming operations as Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment and renamed itself&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"A warning for Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment investors Philly.com  - Mar 10, 2014 The relentless financial pressure from Maryland's casinos - Maryland Live! near Baltimore, in particular - put its stamp on the latest annual report filed by Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Inc., which operates a casino in Dover, Del. Since 2008 ..."
p3
aS'Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Inc  Broker Price Targets For The ... Fiscal Standard - 12 hours ago Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates gaming and entertainment resort destination.'
p4
aS"Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment's  CEO Denis McGlynn on Q3 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 27, 2016 Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions].Dover Downs turns another modest profit - The News Journal"
p5
aS"Dover Downs: Fundamental Outlook Not Favorable Seeking Alpha  - May 2, 2010 Our evaluation of Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment  was based primarily on fundamental factors such as past and future operating performance, as well as the company's current competitive environment."
p6
aS"Noticeable movements of Stock: Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc.'s (DDE ... Street Updates - Mar 16, 2017 Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc.  , a stock from Gaming Activities Industry, has a value of $1.05 per share, noted a price change of 0.96% in recent trade close."
p7
aS"Dover Downs' stock slipping, faces NYSE delisting  again The News Journal - Jan 20, 2016 It's been a rough week for Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment. Shares of the publicly traded company that operates Dover Downs Hotel &amp; Casino fell to a 12-month low on Wednesday, closing at 83 cents. Now, the struggling company is facing a delisting&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Stock Movements to Focus: Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc.'s  is ... Street Updates - Feb 23, 2017 Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc.'s  , a stock from Gaming Activities Industry, has a value of $1.08 per share, noted a price change of 1.88% in recent trade close."
p9
aS'Investor Center: Technical Watch for Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Inc  The Standard - Feb 8, 2017 Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Inc  currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -104.23. Despite the name, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks.'
p10
a.