(lp0
S"DDR Corp.'s new executive team will stay in New York; C-suite shakeup comes at ... cleveland.com - Mar 8, 2017 BEACHWOOD, Ohio -- DDR Corp. expects to incur $10 million in costs tied to C-suite changes the shopping-center landlord announced last week.New DDR Corp. leaders land sweet earnings packages - Crain's Cleveland BusinessDDR Corp.'s Board Names David Lukes as President and CEO - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS"DDR Corp. has yet another CEO change, as new leadership team steps in from ... cleveland.com - Mar 3, 2017 BEACHWOOD, Ohio -- The revolving door at DDR Corp.'s top office has swung around again, less than a year after the real estate company's last CEO change.DDR Corp. makes another change in the CEO role - Crain's Cleveland BusinessDDR Corp. Names David Lukes President &amp; CEO - Quick Facts - Nasdaq"
p2
aS'Why This 6% Yielding REIT Stock Is A Buy Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 DDR Corp.  shares have slid ~25 percent in the last year. I believe the decline is not justified, because the company has a solid real estate portfolio and strong dividend coverage stats.'
p3
aS'DDR Corp.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 DDR Corp. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust . The Company operates through two segments: shopping centers and loan investments.'
p4
aS"Hot Stock Update: DDR Corp.  HugoPress - Mar 17, 2017 Sandler O'Neill Downgrades DDR Corp. 's stock to Hold with the price target of $14. This rating was issued on 3/13/17.Analyst Downgrades  DDR Corp  Stock Gets Downgraded By Sandler O ... - Market Exclusive"
p5
aS"Technicals in Focus for DDR Corp.  The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on DDR Corp. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS"REIT Stocks on Investors' Radar -- GGP Inc., Kimco Realty, DDR Corp., and CBL ... PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 Stock-Callers.com has initiated coverage on the following Retail REITs: GGP Inc. , Kimco Realty Corp. , DDR Corp. , and CBL &amp; Associates Properties Inc. . These real estate investment trusts belong to the&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"The Bears And Bulls Square Off On DDR Corp.  NY Stock News - 21 hours ago DDR Corp.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p8
aS"DDR Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 09 Equities.com - Mar 9, 2017 DDR Corp.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 09, as the stock lost 2.66% to close at $13.15. On the day, DDR Corp. saw 9.11 million shares trade hands on 33,032 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume of 4.1 million&nbsp;...DDR Corp. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalDDR Corp  Upgraded at Morgan Stanley - Chaffey Breeze"
p9
aS"What are Analyst's Indicators for DDR Corp. , Office Depot, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 DDR Corp.  share price increased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $19.92. The stock was trading on above-average volume.Analyzing Analyst Recommendations: Office Depot, Inc. , DDR Corp.  - TWN"
p10
a.