(lp0
S"Deere is named one of World's Most Ethical Companies for 11th consecutive year PR Newswire  - Mar 15, 2017 MOLINE, Ill., March 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Deere &amp; Company  is one of the World's Most Ethical Companies according to the Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices.The World's Most Ethical Companies 2017 - Forbes"
p1
aS'Deere &amp; Company, Buffalo Wild Wings, GameStop, Microsoft and Sony highlighted ... Nasdaq - Mar 1, 2017 Deere &amp; Company  is sounding optimistic as its non-agriculture business appears to be rebounding.'
p2
aS"Here's Why Deere &amp; Company's Management is Doing a Good Job Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 You have to hand it to Deere &amp; Company's  management. Not much has gone right from an end-market perspective in the last few years, with US farm cash receipts declining since 2014 as prices of key agricultural crops (ex."
p3
aS"Deere &amp; Company  Tops Q1 Earnings &amp; Sales Nasdaq - Feb 17, 2017 Deere &amp; Company DE is the world's leading manufacturer of agricultural machinery with a market capitalization of $34.8 billion.Stock to watch: Deere &amp; Company  - FX Daily ReportDeere Announces First-Quarter Earnings of $194 Million - PR Newswire "
p4
aS"Deere &amp; Company Named To World's Most Ethical Companies List BlackburnNews.com - Mar 16, 2017 According to the Ethisphere Institute, Deere &amp; Company is one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. For the last 11 years, Ethisphere has put out the list and the machinery maker is one of 13 companies to have donned it each year.Stocks Attracting Some Extra Attention  CVS Health Corp , Deere ... - Wall Street Times "
p5
aS'Deere &amp; Company : Some of the key technical areas USA Commerce Daily - 19 hours ago With all other things going on, Deere &amp; Company  has been on a run - rising 9.91 percent in just three months.Which insiders are selling Deere &amp; Company ? - Post AnalystZacks Rank on Deere &amp; Company  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland Mirror'
p6
aS'John Deere to Open Strategic Technology Office at Iowa State University PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 AMES, Iowa, Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Deere &amp; Company  has opened a strategic technology office in the Iowa State University  Research Park, growing its on-campus presence in recognition of the world-class research, education, and&nbsp;...Deere Opens Office at ISU Research Park - WVIK'
p7
aS'Will Deere &amp; Company Raise Its Dividend in 2017? GuruFocus.com - Feb 19, 2017 This is not an easy time for Deere &amp; Company . The company operates in a cyclical industry, which is currently stuck in a downturn.Deere &amp; Company  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comI Was Wrong About Deere &amp; Co - Seeking Alpha'
p8
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Adobe Systems Incorporated , Deere ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 15, 2017 Deere &amp; Company , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 3.83, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p9
aS'Deere &amp; Company: John Deere and Kespry Enter Alliance to Simplify Drone ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 8, 2017 LAS VEGAS  -John Deere and Kespry today announced an exclusive global strategic alliance through which John Deere Construction &amp; Forestry dealers will provide the Kespry Aerial Intelligence System to their customers on job sites around&nbsp;...John Deere partners with Kespry to bring drones and aerial data to ... - TechCrunchJohn Deere and Kespry Enter Strategic Alliance to Simplify Drone Integration ... - Yahoo Finance'
p10
a.