(lp0
S'Why Deckers Outdoor Corp. Stock Tumbled Today Motley Fool - Feb 3, 2017 The holiday-season quarter is the most important one for Deckers as its sheepskin boots are popular in winter, but its results came up short.Telsey Advisory Group Just Issued Outperform Rating on Deckers Outdoor Corp ... - Highland Mirror'
p1
aS"Why Deckers Outdoor Corp's Shares Fell 12% in October Motley Fool - Nov 8, 2016 Shares of Deckers Outdoor Corp  fell 12.4% in October, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the company was hit by an analyst downgrade and reported earnings."
p2
aS"Deckers Outdoor Corporation: Ready To Yield 20%+ In 2017 Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2017 The stock of the Deckers Outdoor Corporation  is best positioned to return over 22% to its shareholders in the short-term investment horizon, although long-term prospects are much brighter based on the improving company's business&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Deckers Outdoor Corp.: &quot;Less Bad&quot; is Actually Good in Year of Transition Motley Fool - Aug 5, 2016 Image source; Deckers Outdoor. It's not very often that a company can report an 18% decline in sales and a loss of $1.84 per share, and then see its stock price go up."
p4
aS'UPDATE 1-Marcato takes stake in UGGs maker Deckers Outdoor Reuters - Feb 8, 2017 Feb 8 Activist hedge fund Marcato Capital Management LP reported a 6 percent stake in Deckers Outdoor Corp , saying it intends to discuss strategy and options for the struggling maker of UGG boots and apparel.Deckers Outdoor shares jump after Marcato Capital discloses 6% stake - MarketWatchActivist hedge fund Marcato takes 6 percent stake in Deckers Outdoor - Reuters UK'
p5
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Deckers Outdoor Corporation, 33.3% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Feb 2, 2017 Deckers Outdoor Corporation  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect very active trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p6
aS'Deckers Outdoor  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 28, 2016 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brand Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call.Deckers Squeezes Into Profit Gains Despite Falling Sales - Motley FoolDeckers Brands Trims Guidance - SGB Media   '
p7
aS'Marcato Targets Restructuring Retailer Deckers Outdoor Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 I believe that Deckers Outdoor Corporation  is quite undervalued. Investors have not yet digested the recent restructuring efforts of the company and the fact that Marcato Capital Management recently started an activist campaign against the company.'
p8
aS'Deckers: Activist Hit And Run Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Marcato Capital, run by former Bill Ackman protege Mick McGuire, is taking on Deckers Outdoor  with a 6% stake, the maker of such brands as UGG, Teva and Sanuk.'
p9
aS'State Street Corp Has $54542000 Position in Deckers Outdoor Corp  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 17, 2017 Deckers Outdoor Corp logo State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Deckers Outdoor Corp  by 1.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Deckers Outdoor Corporation  - Fiscal StandardConsensus Review &amp; Target Check on Deckers Outdoor Corporation  - Rockville Register'
p10
a.