(lp0
S'Earnings Reaction History: Depomed, Inc., 87.5% Follow-Through Indicator, 8.1 ... Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Depomed, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p1
aS"Janney Maintains Buy on DepoMed Inc. ; Potential for 'Enhanced Damages ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 27, 2017 Janney Montgomery Scott analyst Ken Trubovich reiterates Buy rating on DepoMed Inc. , updating management's patent litigation against Purdue, suggesting a recent amendment to the complaint, could lead to enhanced damages for the&nbsp;...Revenue Update on Depomed Inc - Energy IndexDepomed, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Janney Montgomery Scott - BNB Daily "
p2
aS'Depomed Inc  Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. The Cerbat Gem - Mar 17, 2017 Depomed logo Depomed Inc  was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report released on Wednesday.The Depomed Inc  Stake Increased by Comerica Bank - Petro Global News 24Depomed Inc  Stake Increased by Comerica Bank - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS'Depomed, Inc.  ERP5  A Look at Valuation Business Review - Mar 17, 2017 The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p4
aS'In re Depomed, Inc.  JD Supra  - Mar 9, 2017 Last month, in In re Depomed, Inc., the Federal Circuit affirmed the determination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Patent Trial and Appeal Board that two instituted grounds in an inter partes review rendered claims 1, 3-5, and 10-13 of Depomed ...'
p5
aS'Traders Take Note: Depomed Inc  Stock Has Droppped, Weakness in ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 Take Note: Depomed Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Depomed Inc  Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Chaffey Breeze - Mar 8, 2017 Depomed Inc logo Vetr upgraded shares of Depomed Inc  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Thursday morning.The Depomed Inc  Short Interest Down 8.1% in February - DailyQuint'
p7
aS'Depomed, Inc.  Downgraded by Mizuho BNB Daily  - Feb 23, 2017 Depomed, Inc. logo Mizuho lowered shares of Depomed, Inc.  from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a report released on Monday, The Fly reports.Depomed, Inc.  Cut to Neutral at Mizuho - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'An Inside Look at Trading Hot Stocks: Depomed, Inc. , TASER ... Post Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Depomed, Inc. has a consensus outperform rating from 11 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 20.72% of shares outstanding.'
p9
aS"Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates $19.00 Price Target for Depomed Inc  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 6, 2017 Cantor Fitzgerald set a $19.00 target price on Depomed Inc  in a report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a hold rating on the specialty pharmaceutical company's stock.Depomed Inc  PT Set at $19.00 by Cantor Fitzgerald - Sports PerspectivesThe Janney Montgomery Scott Reaffirms Buy Rating for Depomed Inc  - DailyQuint"
p10
a.