(lp0
S"Destination Maternity to be acquired by French company Chain Store Age - Dec 20, 2016 The two companies have been engaged in a takeover battle for a year, with Destination Maternity rebuffing Orchestra's offers.Destination Maternity Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... - PR Newswire "
p1
aS"After Being Rebuffed, Orchestra-Premaman Boosts Cash in Destination Maternity ... Wall Street Journal - Feb 8, 2016 Children's clothing company Orchestra-Premaman SA boosted the cash component of its unsolicited offer to buy Destination Maternity Corp. after the maternity clothing maker turned down its previous proposal. French company Orchestra-Premaman wrote in&nbsp;...Orchestra-Premaman ups cash element of Destination Maternity offer - Proactive Investors UK"
p2
aS'CFO Moves: Destination Maternity Corp., AMC Networks Inc. Wall Street Journal  - Aug 1, 2016 Destination Maternity Corp., the Moorestown, N.J. maternity apparel retailer, named David Stern as finance chief and executive vice president.Destination adds turnaround CFO - Philly.com '
p3
aS'Destination Maternity Is In Deep Value Territory Seeking Alpha - Oct 7, 2015 Specialty retailer Destination Maternity  is a stock that used to be a high flying growth company but in recent years, has been virtually left for dead by an unsympathetic market.'
p4
aS'Destination Maternity and Orchestra Prmaman merge Seeking Alpha - Dec 20, 2016 The company says the strategic transaction combines two highly complementary businesses with pro forma revenue of around $1.1B. The deal will see Destination Maternity shareholders receive 0.5150 of an Orchestra Prmaman S.A. ordinary share.'
p5
aS"Destination Maternity CFO resigns, up to 30 stores shuttering Philadelphia Business Journal - Mar 30, 2016 Maternity-apparel retailer Destination Maternity Corp.'s stock fell after it announced that Chief Financial Officer Judd P. Tirnauer is leaving and the company will close up to 30 stores upon losing $1.5 million in the fourth quarter.After String of Announcements, Destination Maternity  Takes a Tumble - Economic Calendar"
p6
aS"Destination Maternity Appoints J. Daniel Plants to Board of Directors PR Newswire  - Nov 26, 2014 26, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Destination Maternity Corporation , the world's leading maternity apparel retailer, today announced that J. Daniel Plants, Managing Partner of Voce Capital Management LLC , has been appointed to&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Guess Who Picked Up Destination Maternity Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 7, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Destination Maternity Corporation, formerly Mothers Work, Inc. is a designer and retailer of maternity apparel in the United States.'
p8
aS"Orchestra-Premaman Goes Public With Takeover Bid for Destination Maternity Wall Street Journal - Dec 14, 2015 Children's clothing company Orchestra-Premaman SA disclosed a 13.3% stake in Destination Maternity Corp. and urged the retailer to engage in takeover discussions.Destination Maternity rejects takeover bid - Chain Store AgeDestination Maternity rebuffs French offer - Philly.com"
p9
aS"Exclusive: Destination Maternity sells Northern Liberties headquarters for $14M Philadelphia Business Journal  - Sep 5, 2014 A real estate company that prefers to work quietly behind the scenes has bought Destination Maternity Corp.'s headquarters in the Northern Liberties neighborhood in Philadelphia for roughly $14 million."
p10
a.