(lp0
S"Dollar General looks to fortify strong sales growth with pay hikes Reuters - Mar 16, 2017 U.S. discount retailer Dollar General Corp  reported better-than-expected quarterly sales and said it would raise wages for store managers, replicating similar moves by larger retailers such as Wal-Mart (WMT.Dollar General Corp's  CEO Todd Vasos on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaDollar General Corp. stock turns bullish - FX Daily Report"
p1
aS'DOLLAR GENERAL 72 HOUR DEADLINE ALERT: Approximately 72 Hours Remain; Former ... Business Wire  - 12 hours ago NEW ORLEANS----Kahn Swick &amp; Foti, LLC  and KSF partner, the former Attorney General of Louisiana, Charles C. Foti, Jr.'
p2
aS"Why Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is Only Good When Things Are Bad Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 Dollar General Corp. , the store for people who can't get to a Wal-Mart Stores Inc  regularly, has gone nowhere in the three months since it last reported earnings.Dollar General Earnings Preview - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Dollar General invests in staff training as it competes against Wal-Mart and ... Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Mar 16, 2017 Dollar General Corp  plans to raise wages for store managers after the US discount retailer reported a 13.7% increase in fourth quarter sales.'
p4
aS"LCM Maintained a Hold Rating on Dollar General Corp.  in Light of F4Q 2016 ... Smrt Stck Nws - 21 hours ago Loop Capital Markets were slightly encouraged by Dollar General Corp's  F4Q 2016 results, including sequential same-store sales acceleration and better-than-expected earnings."
p5
aS"Dollar General Corp.  Stock Is the Ripest of the Bargain Bunch Investorplace.com - Mar 3, 2017 There is a lot of concern in the discount retailer space as TGT and other retailers continue to post uninspiring numbers. There was also some concern that merger of DLTR with Family Dollar would push DG to the side. But that hasn't happened. As a ..."
p6
aS"Dollar General not yet 'committed' to proposed Penfield location Clearfield Progress - Mar 15, 2017 At the last township supervisors meeting, it was announced that a Dollar General was proposed for a location along Bennetts Valley Highway in Penfield."
p7
aS"Dollar General Corp.  Upgraded at Vetr Inc Normangee Star - 5 hours ago In addition to Buckingham Research reporting its target price, a total of 23 firms have reported on the stock. Vetr downgraded shares of Dollar General Corp. from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $80.38 price target on the stock.in a research ...What to Expect from Dollar General's 4Q16 Results - ClickLancashireThis Weeks Target Prices For Dollar General Corporation  - NewsDen"
p8
aS"Will Wall Street Slash Dollar General Stock? U.S. News & World Report - Mar 13, 2017 Dollar General's slump began with a 17 percent dive in late August 2016, after DG let down the analyst community with its second-quarter report.Dollar General Corp. : Will Wall Street Keep Slashing Prices? - Yahoo FinanceDollar Tree's  Solid Strategies on Track Amid Hurdles - Nasdaq"
p9
aS'Dollar General Corp Q4 Profit Rises 10% RTT News - Mar 16, 2017 Dollar General Corp  released earnings for its fourth quarter that rose from last year. The company said its bottom line climbed to $414.18 million, or $1.49 per share.'
p10
a.