(lp0
S'Digi International Enabling IoT in Space PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 MINNETONKA, Minn., March 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Digi International, , a leading global provider of machine-to-machine  and Internet of Things  connectivity products and services, announced that on Monday,&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Extreme Networks Inc  is Beating Digi ... - CML NewsReviewing Individual Broker Targets Of Digi International Inc.  - NewsDen'
p1
aS"Digi International: A Short Opportunity If It Continues To Ignore Belden Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 Digi International  would appear to be a worthwhile candidate. DGII has a strong balance ... This isn't a company that's been able to drive consistent growth, despite reasonable performance from its end markets. Digi reports product ..."
p2
aS"Compensation tumbles for CEO at Digi International Inc. Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Dec 16, 2016 Digi International Inc. CEO Ron Konezny's compensation fell by almost $1 million year over year. That drop equates to a roughly 28 percent decrease, from $3.2 million to $2.3, according to a new disclosure the company released."
p3
aS"Digi board rejects Belden's second offer; investors act as if company is in play Minneapolis Star Tribune - Nov 14, 2016 Not quite two years after hiring new leaders and setting a new strategy, the board of Digi International Inc. is suddenly facing a choice between staying on that path or selling out to a bigger rival.Digi International Board of Directors Confirms Rejection of Unsolicited, Non ... - Business Wire Belden makes an offer for Digi International - evertiq.com"
p4
aS"After Q1, Digi International Still Looks Like A Short Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 I still think the market either doesn't quite understand the story at Digi International . This is a company whose revenue basically stalled out the last few years, and whose stock had been range-bound for about eight years through last fall."
p5
aS'Digi International Acquires IoT Cold Chain Provider FreshTemp PR Newswire  - Nov 2, 2016 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Digi International, , a leading global provider of machine-to-machine  and Internet of Things  connectivity products and services, today announced the purchase of FreshTemp, a provider of ...'
p6
aS'Belden makes public a $380 million offer for Digi International Minneapolis Star Tribune - Nov 12, 2016 Belden Inc. late Friday revealed a $380 million offer to buy Digi International Inc., a Minnetonka-based maker of telecommunications equipment, and said it went public after being turned down by Digi earlier this week.Belden seeks takeover of Digi - STLtoday.com'
p7
aS"Digi International soars as Belden discloses $380 million buyout offer MarketWatch - Nov 11, 2016 Shares of Digi International Inc. DGII, +2.41% soared in Friday's extended session after Belden Inc. BDC, +0.14% made public its proposal to buy the modem company for $13.82 a share."
p8
aS'Digi International Sells Etherios PR Newswire  - Oct 26, 2015 MINNETONKA, Minn., Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Digi International, , a leading global provider of mission-critical machine-to-machine  and IoT connectivity products and services, today announced the sale of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Decision Time: Digi International Inc  Stock Technicals Have Hit ... CML News - 19 hours ago Decision Time: Digi International Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p10
a.