(lp0
S'Digital Ally, Inc. to Discuss Fourth Quarter 2016 and Year End Operating ... Marketwired  - Mar 16, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced digital technology products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial security applications, today&nbsp;...Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Digital Ally, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS'Digital Ally, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Operating Results Marketwired  - Nov 9, 2016 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial applications, today announced its&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"EXCLUSIVE: Digital Ally CEO Talks TASER Lawsuit, Upcoming Presentation Benzinga - Mar 9, 2016 At the Roth Capital Conference on March 15, Digital Ally plans to discuss the ongoing TASER International, Inc.  lawsuit, Digital Ally CEO Stan Ross told Benzinga. Stating he believes Digital Ally's claims are valid, the CEO said he is ...Digital Ally's  CEO Stan Ross on Q4 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Digital Ally And Taser Battle Goes From The Court Room To The Press Benzinga - Dec 4, 2016 TASER International, Inc.  and Digital Ally, Inc.  have been locked in a bitter patent infringement lawsuit battle concerning auto-activation camera technology.'
p4
aS"Lenexa's Digital Ally arms police departments with body and dash cameras Kansas City Star - Jan 2, 2015 A Lenexa company, Digital Ally Inc., has generated national attention lately for a product that brings new meaning to a police officer's call for backup."
p5
aS'Why Digital Ally Is Not A Buy Seeking Alpha - Dec 16, 2014 Shares of Digital Ally rallied over 9% on speculation that a newly proposed House bill would increase demand for on-body cameras.'
p6
aS'Digital Ally And 3 Law Enforcement Stocks You May Have Never Heard Of Are Surging Benzinga - Jul 8, 2016 Shares of Digital Ally, Inc. , a producer of digital video image and storage products for use in law enforcement, surged higher by more than 50 percent to $6.27 on Friday following the deadly shooting in Dallas in which five police offers ...Digital Ally  Stock: Skyrocketing After Shootings - CNA Finance '
p7
aS"Digital Ally receives favorable ruling in lawsuit against Taser Seeking Alpha - Oct 14, 2016 Digital Ally  says that on October 13, 2016, the Federal District Court issued a ruling that denied the request of Taser International  to continue the stay of discovery on the Antitrust claims included in Digital Ally's ...Taser Isn't Sweating Digital Ally's Lawsuit Ruling - Benzinga"
p8
aS'American Medical Response Awards Digital Ally the Largest Commercial Order in ... Yahoo Finance - Jan 30, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc.  , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial&nbsp;...Digital Ally Surrenders Some Early Gains After Being Awarded Huge Contact - Benzinga'
p9
aS"Digital Ally Will Remain Unprofitable Until 2017, Says Roth Benzinga - May 9, 2016 Digital Ally, Inc.  is scheduled to report its 1Q16 results after market close on May 10. ROTH Capital's William Gibson maintains a Neutral rating on the company, with a price target of $6."
p10
a.