(lp0
S'Quest Diagnostics Inc  Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Chaffey Breeze - 21 hours ago Quest Diagnostics Inc logo Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their hold rating on shares of Quest Diagnostics Inc  in a research note published on Thursday.Quest Diagnostics Inc  Upgraded to Neutral by Bank of America Corp - The Cerbat GemThe Quest Diagnostics Inc  Earns Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'Quest Diagnostics Reports Data Breach Wall Street Journal - Dec 12, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. said it is investigating a breach of one of its web applications, by which the health records of 34,000 individuals were accessed.'
p2
aS"UnitedHealth's Optum Unit to Oversee Quest Diagnostics' Billing Processes Wall Street Journal - Sep 13, 2016 UnitedHealth Group Inc.'s Optum health-services arm has struck a deal to oversee billing processes for lab giant Quest Diagnostics Inc., substantially expanding its growing business of handling such transactions for health-care companies. Under the 10 ...BRIEF-Optum and Quest Diagnostics partner to help make health system work better - ReutersQuest Diagnostics joins forces with UHG's Optum services system - NJBIZ"
p3
aS"Zika Test from Quest Diagnostics Authorized by the FDA for Emergency Use PR Newswire  - Apr 28, 2016 The test was developed by the reference laboratory business of Quest's Focus Diagnostics, Inc., subsidiary.Zika test gets emergency approval by FDA, available to doctors next week - CNN"
p4
aS'Quest Diagnostics reports hack of customer information MarketWatch - Dec 12, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. DGX, +0.34% said late Monday it is investigating a possible hacking of its network that could have affected thousands of accounts.'
p5
aS"Barclays PLC Boosts Quest Diagnostics Inc  Price Target to $98.00 Chaffey Breeze - Mar 10, 2017 Quest Diagnostics Inc  had its target price raised by Barclays PLC from $92.00 to $98.00 in a report released on Tuesday morning.The Research Analysts Set Expectations for Quest Diagnostics Inc's Q1 2017 ... - Petro Global News 24Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated  - Energy Index"
p6
aS'Quest Diagnostics to Move Headquarters to Secaucus Wall Street Journal - Jun 6, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. said it would move its corporate headquarters from Madison, N.J., to Secaucus, N.J., next fall, a move that comes as the laboratory-testing company has sought to improve its diagnostics business.Quest Diagnostics to relocate headquarters to Secaucus - NJ.comQuest Diagnostics to Relocate Corporate Headquarters, Consolidate Office ... - PR Newswire '
p7
aS'Analog Devices, Labcorp, Quest Diagnostics Times of India - Mar 13, 2017 March 13  - Wall Street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several U.S.-listed companies, including Analog Devices, Labcorp and Quest Diagnostics, on Monday. HIGHLIGHTS * Analog Devices Inc : Barclays raises target&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Investors in Quest Diagnostics Inc  are paying above the intrinsic value Simply Wall St - Oct 28, 2016 How far off is Quest Diagnostics  to its intrinsic value? I am going to take a look now by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p9
aS'Quest Diagnostics: Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Partners with Physicians to ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harvard Pilgrim Health Care now offers physicians Data Diagnostics, a point-of-care health analytics technology from Quest Diagnostics  and Inovalon  that is designed to help close costly gaps in care ...'
p10
a.