(lp0
S'Discovery Communications Announces the Early Results of its Cash Tender Offer ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 SILVER SPRING, Md., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   today announced that, pursuant to the previously-announced cash tender offer  by its wholly-owned&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Discovery Communications, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Discovery Communications, Inc.,  is a global media company. The Company provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-television , free-to-air and broadcast television, Websites, digital distribution ...Discovery Communications, Inc.  loses confidence of 47 hedge fund managers - Post AnalystWhat are Analyst's Indicators for Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCA ... - The USA Commerce"
p2
aS"How Discovery Communications Inc. Is Looking Abroad for New Growth Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, Chris Hill and Simon Erickson look at the international growth of Discovery Communications'  various channels. It may not be the biggest media name in the U.S., where its viewership has declined ..."
p3
aS'Discovery Communications, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Discovery Communications, Inc.,  is a global media company. The Company provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-television , free-to-air and broadcast television, Websites, digital distribution ...Discovery Communications Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 14 - Equities.comThe Case for and Against Discovery Communications, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS'Discovery Communications Announces Debt Offering PR Newswire  - Feb 28, 2017 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Discovery Communications, Inc.   announced today that Discovery Communications, LLC  has commenced an underwritten public offering of a new series of&nbsp;...Successful Earnings Option Trading: Discovery Communications Inc  - CML NewsBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: The Allstate Corporation (ALL ... - The USA Commerce'
p5
aS'Is Discovery Communications  a Great Stock for Value Investors? Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Though Discovery Communications might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.Is Discovery Communications  a Great Stock for Value Investors? March ... - Zacks.com'
p6
aS"What are Analyst's Indicators for Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCK ... The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of Discovery Communications, Inc.  dropped -0.37% to $26.67. During the trading on 03/14/2017, Company's stock ranged from $26.55 to $27.21."
p7
aS"Highly Traded Stock: Discovery Communications, Inc.  HugoPress - Mar 16, 2017 Jefferies Maintains Discovery Communications, Inc. 's stock to Hold with the price target of $36. This rating was issued on 10/13/14."
p8
aS'Today Analysts Focus on Discovery Communications, Inc. , Devon Energy ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p9
aS"Why Discovery Communications Inc. Stock  Is Great Value Investors Investorplace.com - Mar 8, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...Is Discovery Communications  a Great Stock for Value Investors? March ... - Zacks.com"
p10
a.