(lp0
S'Amcon Distributing: Solid Niche Business, But Several Caveats Are Present Seeking Alpha - Jul 13, 2016 Amcon Distributing Co.  is the 7th largest wholesale distributor to convenience stores  in the US. The company also operates two minor retail brands aimed at organic &amp; natural food products.'
p1
aS'Decision Time: AMCON Distributing Company  Stock Technicals Have Hit ... CML News - 22 hours ago Decision Time: AMCON Distributing Company  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p2
aS'Amcon Distributing Co. Acquires LP Shanks Co. Inc. In Crossville, Tenn. VendingMarketWatch - Jun 1, 2011 Amcon Distributing Co., an Omaha, Neb. based consumer products company, will significantly increase its distribution presence in the Southeast region with the acquisition of substantially all of the operating assets of L.P.AMCON Distributing Company Announces Expansion Into the Southeast - Business Wire '
p3
aS'AMCON Distributing Company Reports Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share of $8.38 ... Business Wire  - Nov 8, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--AMCON Distributing Company  , an Omaha, Nebraska based consumer products company is pleased to announce fully diluted earnings per share of $8.38 on net income available to common shareholders of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'AMCON Distributing: Financially Poised for Another Solid Year Ahead Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2010 AMCON Distributing, Inc.  possess a market cap of only $40m, yet just passed the $1B mark in total revenues for fiscal 2010, a significant achievement.'
p5
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: AMCON Distributing Company  Critical ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for AMCON Distributing Company  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: AMCON Distributing Company  is Beating Fenix Parts ... CML News - Feb 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AMCON Distributing Company  versus Fenix Parts Inc  .'
p7
aS'Shares in View: AMCON Distributing Company  The Herald - 15 hours ago Value investors may be keeping an eye on the Magic Formula Rank or MF Rank for AMCON Distributing Company . Currently, AMCON Distributing Company has a MF Rank of 2186. The Magic Formula was created and popularized by Joel&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Goldman Sachs Maintains Conviction Buy Rating for Prudential PLC (LON:PRU ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 15, 2017 Amcon Distributing Company  had a decrease of 10% in short interest. DIT's SI was 900 shares in March as released by FINRA."
p9
aS'LP Shanks sold to Amcon Crossville Chronicle - Jun 17, 2011 The L.P. Shanks Co., founded in 1916 by Luke Shanks in Crossville, has been sold to Amcon Distributing Co. of Omaha, NE. &quot;I feel really good about this company and what they are going to do in Crossville,&quot; said Scot Shanks, grandson of Luke Shanks and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.