(lp0
S'Noble Capital Markets Initiates Research Coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Capital Markets announced today that it has initiated research coverage on DLH Holdings Corp. . The report was issued by Senior Research Analyst, Mark Jordan, CFA. DLH Holdings Corp.Analyst Activity  Noble Financial Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Today, Canaccord Genuity initiated coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  with a Buy with a price target of $6.00. There are 2 buy ratings on the stock.DLH Holdings Corp. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSCanaccord Genuity disclosed DLH Holdings Corp. , hiking its price ... - Breaking Finance News'
p2
aS'DLH Holdings Corp.  Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Chaffey Breeze - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  traded up 0.39% on Tuesday, reaching $5.10. The company had a trading volume of 25,266 shares.DLH Holdings Corp.  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness - CML News'
p3
aS"With An ROE Of 13.7%, Has DLH Holdings Corp's  Management Done A Good Job? Simply Wall St - Mar 5, 2017 With a ROE of 13.7%, DLH Holdings Corp  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged a ROE of 23.9%.Noble Financial Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp. to Buy with Price ... - Money Flow Index & Trends"
p4
aS'Danya International Acquired by DLH Holdings Corporation WashingtonExec - May 13, 2016 Provider of technology-enabled program management, consulting, and digital communications solutions Danya International has recently been acquired by Atlanta, Ga.'
p5
aS'DLH Holdings Corp.  Now Covered by Canaccord Genuity The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 DLH Holdings Corp. logo Canaccord Genuity began coverage on shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  in a report released on Tuesday.'
p6
aS'DLH Holdings Corp.  Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Sports Perspectives - 23 hours ago DLH Holdings Corp. logo Canaccord Genuity started coverage on shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  in a report released on Tuesday.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: DLH Holdings Corp.  versus Gee Group Inc  CML News - Feb 6, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for DLH Holdings Corp.  versus Gee Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS"Helene Fisher Named President of DLH Danya International WashingtonExec - Dec 20, 2016 Atlanta, Ga.-based technology-enabled program management, consulting and digital communications solutions provider DLH Holdings Corp. announced Dec. 14 the appointment of Helene Fisher as President of DLH Danya and the company's new operating&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"DLH Holdings'  CEO Zach Parker on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 A reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our reported GAAP results is included in our earnings release and in the investor presentation on DLH's website. All comparisons throughout the call will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise stated."
p10
a.