(lp0
S"Snyder's-Lance Completes Acquisition of Diamond Foods, Inc. PR Newswire  - Feb 29, 2016 CHARLOTTE, N.C., Feb. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  announced today the completion of its acquisition of Diamond Foods, Inc.  . Per terms of the deal, Snyder's-Lance&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance completes Diamond Foods purchase - The Evening SunSnyder's-Lance finalizes purchase of Diamond - Food Business News "
p1
aS"Diamond Foods, Inc.  Yahoo Finance - May 21, 2014 Snyder's-Lance Inc. will go before Charlotte City Council Monday night to ask for incentives for a $38 million expansion and the addition of up to 130 jobs as recent acquisitions have boosted the company's growth. Snyder's-Lance  qualifies for&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Snyder's-Lance to Buy Diamond Foods in $1.27 Billion Deal Wall Street Journal - Oct 28, 2015 Snacks maker Snyder's-Lance Inc. agreed to buy the maker of Emerald almonds and Kettle potato chips in a $1.27 billion deal that highlights how big food makers are racing to add simpler, less-processed foods to their portfolios. Snyder's, known for its&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance, Inc. Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Diamond Foods, Inc. - PR Newswire Snyder's-Lance Investors Balk at Purchase of Diamond Foods - Bloomberg"
p3
aS'Why Diamond Foods, Inc. Stock Jumped 10% in June Motley Fool - Jul 9, 2015 Now what: For years, Diamond Foods has been a radioactive stock, following an accounting scandal that led to the resignation of its CEO and CFO, several financial restatements, and the collapse of its deal to buy Pringles from Procter &amp; Gamble.'
p4
aS'Diamond Foods seeks to sell company in pieces MarketWatch - Oct 1, 2015 Diamond Foods, after failing to find a buyer for the entire company, will now look to sell the $1 billion snack foods company in pieces, The Post has learned. The maker US:DMND of Kettle chips, Pop Secret popcorn and Emerald Snacks has switched gears&nbsp;...Diamond Foods Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Financial Results - PotatoProDiamond seeking snack acquisitions - Food Business News '
p5
aS'Diamond Foods restatement wipes out $56.5 million in profit Reuters - Nov 15, 2012 Diamond Foods Inc DMND.O on Wednesday restated financial results for fiscal years 2010 and 2011, erasing $56.5 million in profit, and reported sharply lower earnings for the first three quarters of 2012, after an accounting scandal hurt its ability to ...Diamond Foods Announces Changes to Its Board of Directors - GlobeNewswire Diamond restates financials - Baking Business '
p6
aS'Diamond Foods, Inc. Earnings: Is the Snack-Maker Back in Business? Motley Fool - Jun 4, 2014 Diamond Foods has gone through tough times in recent years, as everything from accounting scandals to a failed buyout made investors abandon the snack company in droves. But steadily, Diamond Foods has worked its way through its troubles, and given&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"A timeline of Diamond Foods' accounting woes Reuters - Feb 9, 2012 Feb 8 Diamond Foods Inc, maker of Emerald nuts and Pop Secret popcorn, said on Wednesday it was changing its top management after an internal audit found it needed to restate results due to improper accounting for payments to walnut growers.The 75% Free Fall In Diamond Foods' Stock Price Is Not Enough - Seeking AlphaSnack CEO Ousted in Accounting Inquiry - Wall Street Journal"
p8
aS'Diamond Foods to Pay $11 Million to Settle Investor Suit Bloomberg - Aug 21, 2013 Diamond Foods Inc. agreed to pay $11 million in cash to settle a class-action lawsuit over accounting errors that led to earnings restatements and ended its bid for the Pringles potato-chip brand.Diamond Foods To Pay $96M To Settle Investor Suit - Law360 '
p9
aS'Diamond Foods CFO on Recovering From a Crisis Wall Street Journal  - Jan 21, 2014 Diamond Foods Inc. settled fraud charges this month with the Securities and Exchange Commission, but the snack food company still has work to do to put its accounting scandal behind it.'
p10
a.