(lp0
S"Chemical cos. near regulatory approval for massive merger Houston Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 The Dow Chemical Co. , based in Michigan, and Delaware-based DuPont  are nearing the end of the regulatory approval process for their upcoming merger into DowDuPont, and the companies are now targeting a second-quarter&nbsp;...Dow Chemical Company Foundation provides grant to People's Hospice - The Exponent Telegram  "
p1
aS"Chemical co. approaches completion on Freeport plant Houston Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 Midland, Michigan-based Dow Chemical Co.  is nearly done with construction on a massive ethylene plant south of Houston in Freeport, a company executive said.Finish line in sight for Dow's Freeport expansion - Houston ChronicleDow Chemical nears completion of Freeport expansion - FuelFix "
p2
aS'Fiera Capital Corp Sells 3984 Shares of Dow Chemical Co  Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Dow Chemical logo Fiera Capital Corp lowered its stake in Dow Chemical Co  by 7.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Levin Capital Strategies LP Has $200936000 Position in Dow Chemical Co  - The Cerbat GemFirst Republic Investment Management Inc. Raises Position in Dow Chemical Co  - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'Bloomberg: Dow-DuPont deal close to winning EU approval Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Dow Chemical  and DuPont  are on track to win European Union approval for their merger as soon as next month - before an April 4 deadline - after tweaking concessions to allay antitrust concerns, Bloomberg reports.EU regulators set to clear Dow, DuPont deal: sources - ReutersDow Chemical Company   Rises 4% for February 22 - Equities.com'
p4
aS"The Dow Chemical Company : An Examination Of The Chart For Today's Session NY Stock News - 20 hours ago The Dow Chemical Company  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p5
aS"Lookout for Price Target? The Dow Chemical Company , Activision Blizzard ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 The Dow Chemical Company  have shown a high EPS growth of 11.50% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -40.10% yoy.Today's Analyst Moves: The Dow Chemical Company , Activision Blizzard ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p6
aS"Dow's Liveris stands beside Trump as he signs executive order on business ... MLive.com - Feb 24, 2017 President Donald Trump gives the pen he used to sign an executive order to Dow Chemical President, Chairman and CEO Andrew Liveris, as other business leaders applaud in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 24, 2017.Trump gathers Dow Chemical's Liveris, other CEOs for manufacturing summit - Crain's Detroit BusinessDow's Liveris to Trump: 'I'm here to make chemistry sexy again' - Midland Daily News"
p7
aS'The Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC Holds Position in Dow Chemical Co  Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC continued to hold its stake in Dow Chemical Co  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Dow Chemical Co  Position Boosted by Public Sector Pension Investment Board - The Cerbat GemGuardian Capital LP Raises Stake in Dow Chemical Co  - BNB Daily '
p8
aS'Dow Chemical building in Lake Jackson changes hands Chron.com - Feb 23, 2017 The Dow Chemical Co. will write the rent check to a new landlord at its new administration building in Lake Jackson. Cole Corporate Income Trust II has purchased the four-story, 230,000-square-foot building at 322 Texas 322 in Lake Jackson, according ...'
p9
aS'Lookout for Price Target? Hess Corporation , The Dow Chemical Company  StockNewsJournal - Mar 15, 2017 The Dow Chemical Company , at its latest closing price of $63.68, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.99, compared to an industry average at 1.06.'
p10
a.