(lp0
S'Better Dividend Achiever Utilities: Duke Energy Or Xcel Energy? Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Utilities are extremely stable. Electricity and gas are defensive industries. They see continuous demand, even during recessions. This allows them to be consistent dividend payers over long periods of time.'
p1
aS"BRIEF-Duke Energy Corp, units, Piedmont Natural Gas Co entered into an ... Reuters - 18 hours ago Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Duke Energy Corp  Position Cut by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY The Cerbat Gem - 23 hours ago Duke Energy Corp logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY reduced its position in shares of Duke Energy Corp  by 2.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. Holds Position in Duke Energy ... - BNB Daily Taking a Look at the Chart for Duke Energy Corporation  - The USA Commerce'
p3
aS"3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Duke Energy Corp , Consolidated Edison ... Investorplace.com - Mar 6, 2017 Today's three big stock charts look at utility companies that have been bucking the interest rate trend to move higher. Is the party over for these companies or is it just getting started?"
p4
aS'Duke Energy Is Selling At An Attractive Price Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 DUK had negative revenue due to a write down from sale of its Latin American assets. DUK has solid earnings growth potential going forward.'
p5
aS'Duke Energy Corporation Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Duke Energy Corporation  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF.'
p6
aS'Duke Energy  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 As you see on slide 4, today Duke Energy enters 2017 with premier electric and natural gas franchises operating in constructive jurisdictions and with a demonstrated track record of strong execution.Duke Energy reports 4Q loss - Virginian-Pilot'
p7
aS'What do the Charts Say About Shares of Duke Energy Corp  Rives Journal - 18 hours ago Active traders have a wide variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. Presently, the 14-day ATR for Duke Energy Corp  is spotted at 0.17. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may assist ...'
p8
aS"Insider Trading Activity Duke Energy Corporation   EVP Sold 5000 ... Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 Duke Energy Corporation  is an energy company. The Company's segments include Regulated Utilities, International Energy and Commercial Portfolio.Analyst's Proposition on Incyte Corporation , Duke Energy Corporation  - The USA CommerceRevenue Approximations Analysis: Duke Energy Corporation , Targa ... - StockNewsJournal"
p9
aS'Consensus Earnings Estimate for Duke Energy Corporation Energy Index - Mar 10, 2017 Duke Energy Corporation Indepth Earnings, EPS and Estimated Revenue Guidance give detailed picture on the performance.'
p10
a.