(lp0
S'Dover Motorsports, Inc. Announces Agreement to Sell Nashville Superspeedway to ... Business Wire  - Aug 25, 2016 DOVER, Del.----Dover Motorsports, Inc.  announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Nashville Superspeedway facility to an entity owned by Panattoni Development Company, an international&nbsp;...Dover agrees to sell Nashville track to real estate company - WSMV Channel 4 - WSMV NashvilleDistribution park planned for Nashville Superspeedway site - The Tennessean'
p1
aS'Broker Rating Review For Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Points ... Sherwood Daily - Mar 17, 2017 Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Dover Motorsports, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00.'
p2
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share ... Sports Perspectives - Feb 19, 2017 Dover Motorsports logo Dover Motorsports, Inc.  - Equities researchers at Gabelli lowered their FY2018 earnings per share estimates for Dover Motorsports in a research report issued on Wednesday.FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Issued By Gabelli - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Strength CML News - Jan 4, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a four bull technical rating which indicates some strength.'
p4
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Cerbat Gem - Feb 16, 2017 Dover Motorsports, Inc. logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Dover Motorsports, Inc.  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Thursday morning.'
p5
aS'Company Stock Focus on Dover Motorsports, Inc.  The Herald - Mar 15, 2017 Investors monitoring the equity markets for value may be looking at the Magic Formula Rank or MF Rank for Dover Motorsports, Inc. . Presently, the company has a MF Rank of 4728. The Magic Formula was devised and made popular by Joel&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals at Critical Inflection Point CML News - Jan 4, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Dover Motorsports Inc  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p7
aS"Dover Motorsports, Inc. : Are Hedge Funds Right About This Stock? Insider Monkey  - Jun 27, 2013 Let's also take a look at hedge fund and insider activity in other stocks similar to Dover Motorsports, Inc. ."
p8
aS'Investors Swarm in on Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Shares Morgan Research - Mar 17, 2017 Dedicated investors are constantly on the lookout for a bargain when it comes to stock picking. As of late, investors have been taking notice of Dover Motorsports, Inc.  shares. During recent trading, shares saw a move of 0.00% hitting a ...'
p9
aS'Investor Center: Technical Watch for Dover Motorsports Inc  The Standard - Oct 31, 2016 Dover Motorsports Inc  currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index  of -3.04. Despite the name, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks.'
p10
a.