(lp0
S'Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. and The Empire District Electric Company ... PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 OAKVILLE, ON and JOPLIN, MO, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ - Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp.   and The Empire District Electric Company   announced today updates with respect to the required regulatory&nbsp;...Missouri regulators approve Empire merger; deal expected to close in first ... - Joplin Globe'
p1
aS'Algonquin Power to Buy Empire District for $1.49 Billion Bloomberg - Feb 9, 2016 Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. agreed to acquire The Empire District Electric Co. for $1.49 billion, in the second purchase of a U.S.Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. to Acquire The Empire District Electric ... - Business Wire Empire District Electric agrees to be acquired by Canadian company for $2.4 ... - Springfield News-Leader'
p2
aS'Midwestern Utility Empire District Electric Said to Explore Sale Bloomberg - Dec 11, 2015 Empire District Electric Co., a utility that supplies energy across the Midwestern U.S., is exploring a sale, according to people familiar with the matter.'
p3
aS'Analysts Set Empire District Electric Co  Price Target at $20.13 BNB Daily  - 8 hours ago Empire District Electric logo Shares of Empire District Electric Co  have received an average recommendation of Hold from the ten research firms that are covering the stock.'
p4
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Sets Payment Date and Amount of Special ... Business Wire  - Jan 1, 2017 JOPLIN, Mo.----Pursuant to the closing today of the merger of The Empire District Electric Company  with Liberty Sub Corp.Acquisition and merger of Empire District Electric Company complete - Four States Homepage'
p5
aS'Empire District Electric Company announces retirement of Marsha Wallace Springfield News-Leader - Oct 23, 2016 Marsha Wallace retired from the Empire District Electric Company on Sept. 30 following 36 years of service. Wallace joined the company in 1980 as a systems administrator.'
p6
aS'Liberty Utilities completes acquisition of The Empire District Electric Co. Bolivar Herald-Free Press  - Jan 5, 2017 Based in Joplin, Empire is an investor-owned, regulated utility providing electric, natural gas  and water service, with around 218,000 customers in Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Arkansas.Empire Gas acquired by Liberty Utilities - Maryville Daily ForumWhy This Utility Is Attractive Today for Growth and Income - The Motley Fool Canada'
p7
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Declares Pro-Rated Dividend Business Wire  - Dec 22, 2016 JOPLIN, Mo.---- The board of directors of The Empire District Electric Company  today declared a special pro-rated dividend in preparation for the expected closing of the merger of the Company with Liberty Sub&nbsp;...Merger of The Empire District Electric Co. gets final OK - KY3'
p8
aS"Merger Agreement Sends Empire District Electric Co's Stock Soaring Motley Fool - Feb 10, 2016 What: Shares of Empire District Electric  jumped more than 16% by 11:30 a.m. EST on Wednesday. Sparking the rally was the announcement that the company was being acquired by Canadian-based Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities ."
p9
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Files Unanimous Settlement Agreement in ... Business Wire  - Oct 6, 2016 JOPLIN, Mo.----The Empire District Electric Company  announced today a filing with the Kansas Corporation Commission  of a Unanimous Settlement Agreement with respect to the joint application for approval of an&nbsp;...'
p10
a.