(lp0
S"Insider Trading Activity Edgewater Technology Inc.   Director ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 Frederick D Disanto , Director of Edgewater Technology Inc.  reportedly Bought 16,000 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 7.04 for a total transaction amount of $112,640.00 SEC Form."
p1
aS'Is Edgewater Technology Inc.  Undervalued? Business Review - 14 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p2
aS'Insider Trading at Edgewater Technology Inc.? Chaffey Breeze - 16 hours ago Edgewater Technology Inc.  insider Jeffrey L. Rutherford acquired 31,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th.Edgewater Technology Inc.  Director Frederick D. Disanto Purchases 16000 ... - Sports PerspectivesNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Edgewater Technology, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p3
aS"Edgewater Technology  Names Jeffrey Rutherford as Interim CEO StreetInsider.com - Mar 9, 2017 Edgewater Technology, Inc.  announced that the Company's Board of Directors has named Jeffrey L. Rutherford, a member of the Company's Board, as Chairman and interim President and CEO, replacing Shirley Singleton.Kurt James Wolf Acquires 20000 Shares of Edgewater Technology Inc.  Stock - Chaffey BreezeEdgewater Technology Inc.  Director Frederick D. Disanto Purchases ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS'Guess Who Picked Up Edgewater Technology Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 8, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Edgewater Technology Inc.  reported that Ancora Advisors, Llc.Insider Trading Activity Edgewater Technology Inc.   Director ... - Market ExclusiveStock Returns: Edgewater Technology Inc  is Beating PFSweb Inc ... - CML News'
p5
aS'Ephraim Fields Comments on Board Changes at Edgewater Technology, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 &quot;We have always known that heedless self interest was bad morals, we now know that it is bad economics.&quot; - Franklin D. Roosevelt.Stock Returns: NCI Inc  is Beating Edgewater Technology Inc ... - CML NewsEdgewater Technology, Inc.  Analyst Coverage - NewsDen'
p6
aS"Edgewater Technology: Cash Cow For Cheap Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2015 Although the company's reputation was temporarily hurt by the Wakefield Massacre, it has remained an esteemed name in the IT consulting space."
p7
aS'The Edgewater Technologies Acquisition Affair Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2015 Presently, AMRH is basically an ERP  consulting company focused on SAP solutions. Edgewater Technologies, for its part, if basically an ERP consulting company based on Microsoft Dynamics. There is a level of commonality&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 Edgewater Technology, Inc. is a provider of transformational classic and product-based consulting services. The Company helps the C-suite drive transformational change through its selection of business and technology services, and channel-based&nbsp;...Edgewater Technology Inc.  likely to see bigger moves on its earnings ... - Post Analyst'
p9
aS'Frederick D. Disanto Acquires 16000 Shares of Edgewater Technology Inc. (EDGW ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Edgewater Technology logo Edgewater Technology Inc.  Director Frederick D. Disanto acquired 16,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th.Edgewater Technology Inc.  See Remarks Jeffrey Rutherford, Purchases ... - Wolcott Daily'
p10
a.