(lp0
S'Insider Trading Activity Enterprise Financial Services Corp (NASDAQ:EFSC ... Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 Enterprise Financial Services Corp is a financial holding company. The Company is the holding company for a full service banking subsidiary, Enterprise Bank &amp; Trust .Peter Benoist Sells 23525 Shares of Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC ... - Chaffey BreezeEnterprise Financial Services Corp  Director Trease Sandra Van Sells ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Enterprise Financial Services completes acquisition of Eagle Bank parent STLtoday.com - Feb 10, 2017 Enterprise Financial Services Corp. said Friday it has completed its acquisition of Jefferson County Bancshares Inc., the parent of Eagle Bank and Trust Company of Missouri.'
p2
aS"Enterprise Financial acquiring Jefferson County Bancshares St. Louis Business Journal - Oct 11, 2016 Enterprise Financial Services Corp. is acquiring Jefferson County Banchares Inc., and its Eagle Bank and Trust Co. subsidiary, in a deal valued at $130.6 million.Enterprise Financial buying Eagle Bank's parent for $130 million - STLtoday.com"
p3
aS'Lally to head Enterprise Financial Services STLtoday.com - Feb 9, 2017 James B. Lally will succeed Peter F. Benoist as CEO of Enterprise Financial Services Corp., the bank announced Thursday. Lally, who was named president last August, will take over in May.'
p4
aS'Enterprise Bank commits $1.8 billion to poor and minority neighborhoods St. Louis Business Journal - Mar 17, 2017 Jim Lally, president of holding company Enterprise Financial Services Corp. Enlarge. Jim Lally, president of holding company Enterprise Financial Services Corp. Enterprise Bank &amp; Trust has entered an agreement with the St. Louis Equal Housing and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Insider Trading Activity Enterprise Financial Services Corp (NASDAQ:EFSC ... Market Exclusive - Feb 26, 2017 Enterprise Financial Services Corp is a financial holding company. The Company is the holding company for a full service banking subsidiary, Enterprise Bank &amp; Trust .Enterprise Financial Services Corp's ,a stock from Regional  Southwest ... - Street Updates"
p6
aS'Insider Trading Activity Enterprise Financial Services Corp (NASDAQ:EFSC ... Market Exclusive - Feb 27, 2017 Enterprise Financial Services Corp is a financial holding company. The Company is the holding company for a full service banking subsidiary, Enterprise Bank &amp; Trust .Enterprise Financial Services Corp  Shares Bought by Employees ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Enterprise Financial Services Corp  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Enterprise Financial Services Corp  versus Renasant Corporation  .Enterprise Financial Services Corp  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.11 ... - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS'Enterprise Financial Services Corp Realized Volatility Hits An Elevated Level CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Enterprise Financial Services Corp  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock ...'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Enterprise Financial Services Corp  is Beating ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Community Trust Bancorp Inc  versus Enterprise Financial Services Corp  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.