(lp0
S"The 3 Most Important Numbers for Exelixis, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 Exelixis  boasts several numbers that make its shareholders smile. The biotech's stock has soared more than 430% over the past 12 months."
p1
aS'3 Factors That Drove Exelixis, Inc. Higher By 19% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shares of Exelixis , a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of medicines for the treatment of cancer, surged 19% in February, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p2
aS"Exelixis, Inc. Turns a Profit, but Don't Get Too Excited Motley Fool - Mar 1, 2017 Exelixis  reported fourth-quarter earnings on Monday showing solid growth in sales of Cabometyx. The biotech reported a profit for the quarter, but there were some extenuating circumstances that helped push Exelixis into the black.Company Update : Exelixis, Inc. Announces Clinical Trial ... - Smarter AnalystExelixis Announces Webcasts of Investor Conference Presentations in March - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"Form 4 EXELIXIS, INC. For: Mar 15 Filed by: WILLSEY LANCE StreetInsider.com - 15 hours ago Find out which companies are about to raise their dividend well before the news hits the Street with StreetInsider.com's Dividend Insider Elite."
p4
aS'Unusual Volume Spikes For: Exelixis, Inc.  Normangee Star - 11 hours ago For the duration of last three months Exelixis, Inc. Finally, Northern Trust Corp increased its position in Exelixis by 4.9% in the third quarter.Active Volume Stock Update: Exelixis, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p5
aS'Exelixis, Inc.  Receives FDA Orphan Drug Designation for the Treatment ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 6, 2017 Exelixis, Inc.  announced that the FDA has granted orphan drug designation to cabozantinib for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma .The Case for and Against Exelixis, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalExelixis, Inc.  Insider Michael Morrissey Sells 200000 Shares - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS"Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Cousins Properties ... The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of Cousins Properties Incorporated  dropped -1.00% to $7.94. During the trading on 03/14/2017, Company's stock ranged from $7.87 to $8.02.How much upside really exists in Cousins Properties Incorporated  and ... - USA Commerce DailyAnalysts Stance on 2 Companies: Cousins Properties Incorporated (NYSE:CUZ ... - The Voice Registrar"
p7
aS"Form 4 EXELIXIS, INC. For: Mar 01 Filed by: POSTE GEORGE StreetInsider.com - Mar 4, 2017 Get access to the best calls on Wall Street with StreetInsider.com's Ratings Insider Elite. Get your Free Trial here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C."
p8
aS'What are Research Firms Saying About Exelixis, Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - 19 hours ago When a company reports earnings, the reports are intensely examined by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can give insight into the profitability of a company.'
p9
aS'Investor Update on Shares of Exelixis, Inc.  Davidson Register - Mar 17, 2017 Investors may be tracking fundamental and technical data for Exelixis, Inc. . The company has a current Value Composite Score of 85.'
p10
a.