(lp0
S'Which Ford Motor Company Car Had a BMW Engine? The Drive - Mar 17, 2017 It was this motor, built in a joint operation by BMW and builder-for-hire Magna Steyr in Austria, that Ford plugged into the Continental and Mark VII.'
p1
aS"Short Ford Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Ford Motor is attractive because of its high dividend, but the stock price may face serious challenges going into 2017. Rate hikes and dollar appreciation represent a multi-faceted challenge for Ford's business and its stock price. Ford stock may be a ..."
p2
aS"Don't Expect a Ford Motor Company  Stock Turnaround Anytime Soon Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 The problem is, Ford hasn't been growing sales the way its chief competitors General Motors Company , Honda Motor Co Ltd   and Toyota Motor Corp   have been. Those companies' sales improved by an&nbsp;...Zacks Rank on Ford Motor Company  based on Estimated Earnings - Herald KeeperDZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main Acquires ... - BNB Daily "
p3
aS"Ford Motor Company proves UK's most preferred manufacturer of driverless vehicles The Sun - Mar 10, 2017 UK motorists picked Ford due to positive past experiences with the brand, which naturally led them to think positively about its delivery of cars in the future, despite drastic changes to how they will be built and, more importantly, used by motorists ..."
p4
aS'4 Reasons To Buy Ford Motor Company Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Ford is the second largest automotive company in the U.S. in terms of market share and captures about 7.3% of the global market.'
p5
aS"How Concerned Should Ford Motor Co. Investors Be About Sales in China? Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 It's no secret that China is incredibly important to Ford Motor Company : That's been covered thoroughly since the company doubled down on Asian investment in 2012.Ford Motor Company  Gets Smart About Its Future - Investorplace.comAs GM Considers Europe Exit, Ford Motor Co.'s Sales Jump 11% - Fox Business"
p6
aS"Ford to build new Lincoln SUV in China by 2019 The Detroit News - Mar 13, 2017 Ford Motor Co.'s luxury brand, Lincoln, plans to produce an all-new SUV in China by the end of 2019. The Dearborn-based automaker will partner in a joint venture with Chinese manufacturer Changan Automobile Group, according to Lincoln spokesman&nbsp;...Ford Motor Company To Produce A Lincoln SUV Just For Chinese Markets - StockNews.com Ford to produce Lincoln SUVs in China - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS"3 Key Takeaways From Ford Motor Company's February Sales Figures Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Detroit's second-largest automaker, Ford Motor Company , posted another monthly sales decline -- its fourth in the past six months.Ford Motor Co Feb. US Sales Down 4% - Quick Facts - Nasdaq"
p8
aS"Why Ford Motor Company  Stock Is Still a Screaming Good Buy Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Like its corporate slogan, Built Ford Tough, investors must have enormous strength to withstand frustration and possess nerves of steel of own shares of Ford Motor Company . Ford stock, which has fallen some 5% over the past year, has been&nbsp;...Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Ford Motor Company and General ... - Yahoo FinanceFord And Its 4.8% Yield - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS"Ford Motor Company to Host CFO Let's Chat Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 On Thursday, March 23, Bob Shanks, Ford Motor Company  executive vice president and chief financial officer, will host a Let's Chat forum to discuss key items of interest to the investment community.Ford adds software heavyweight to board - Seeking AlphaFord names tech executive Lynn Vojvodich to board - Reuters"
p10
a.