(lp0
S"Social Media Combat: Facebook Inc  vs. Snap Inc  Edition Smarter Analyst - 21 hours ago In a war of popularity and profitability, Facebook Inc  and Snap Inc  are fiercely clashing to score the title of champion among the fray.Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Facebook Inc. and Snap Inc. - Yahoo FinanceFacebook Inc  Untapped Cash Cows: WhatsApp and Messenger - Library For Smart Investors"
p1
aS"6 Things You Didn't Know About Facebook, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 Many investors are probably familiar with the basic history of Facebook . The site started out as a &quot;hot or not&quot; game for Harvard students called Facemash, then evolved into a social network, and Yahoo!Buy Facebook Inc  Stock as It Steals Snap Inc's  Thunder - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS'Privacy Revamp Makes Facebook Inc  Stock Even More Attractive Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 Score one for civil liberties. This week, social networking giant Facebook Inc  overhauled its privacy policies, blocking police departments from using the site as a means of keeping tabs on users who may also be associated with violent&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Better Buy: Facebook, Inc. vs. Line Corp. Madison.com - Mar 16, 2017 They were the largest tech IPOs in the respective years they went public. They compete head-to-head in what many expect to emerge as an increasingly important area of consumer tech in coming years.'
p4
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of Facebook, Inc. of a ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Facebook, Inc.  between May 5, 2014 and December 9, 2016.'
p5
aS"Facebook Inc  Stock Is Flying High, But Don't Go Contrarian Yet! Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Pity anyone who shorts Facebook Inc . Understandably, the short interest in FB stock is extremely low. However, low is not zero, which means that some bears do, in fact, exist."
p6
aS'William Blair Bullish on Facebook Inc  Following Meetings with Industry ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 10, 2017 William Blair analyst Ralph Schackart is chiming in on Facebook Inc  following his meetings over the past month with an executive at a private company that purchases advertising on digital platforms, including on the social media giant, as ...'
p7
aS"Facebook Inc rolls out new 'Messenger Day' expiring-status feature to make the ... Financial Post - Mar 9, 2017 Facebook Inc says it wants to make its popular chat messaging platform Messenger even more social, so it has added another Snapchat-inspired feature to its line of products on Thursday.FB Stock: Facebook Inc To Gain At The Expense Of Other Social Media Platforms - AmigobullsFacebook Can't Stop Copying Snapchat's Most Popular Features - StockNews.com "
p8
aS'Facebook Inc. : UBS Sees 18% Upside Today, Raises Price Target to $165 Smrt Stck Nws - 2 hours ago UBS analyst Eric Sheridan provided his two cents on Facebook Inc  shares and raised the price target on the stock by 6.45% from $155 to $165 on Friday, March 17.UBS Says Facebook Inc Is Going To $165 Amid Shifting Growth Story - StockNews.com '
p9
aS'Is Facebook Inc. Copying Tencent? Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Facebook  is often accused of &quot;copying&quot; features from other companies and integrating them into its social network.The Long-Term Case for Investing in Facebook Inc - Madison.com'
p10
a.