(lp0
S'First Community Corporation  Five9, Inc.  Are On ... Rives Journal - 27 minutes ago Stock research firms currently have a positive stance on shares of First Community Corporation . Analysts are projecting that the stock will reach $21.00 on a short term  basis.'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus Investar ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Investar Holding Corporation  .'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus County Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus County Bancorp Inc  .'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Bankwell Financial Group Inc  versus First ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bankwell Financial Group Inc  versus First Community Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p4
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: First Community Corporation  Critical ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for First Community Corporation  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus Farmers ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Farmers National Banc Corp.'
p6
aS'Wintrust Financial Corporation Announces Plans to Acquire First Community ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 6, 2016 ROSEMONT, Ill., July 06, 2016  -- Wintrust Financial Corporation   today announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire First Community Financial Corporation . FCFC is the parent&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Noteworthy Stock Inside Wall Street Spotlight: First Community Corporation's ... WsNews 4investors - Feb 17, 2017 First Community Corporation's  stock price escalated 2.63% to finalize at $21.50 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p8
aS'Brokerages Expect First Community Corporation  to Announce $0.22 ... Chaffey Breeze - Feb 22, 2017 First Community Corporation logo Shares of First Community Corporation  have been assigned an average broker rating score of 1.67  from the three analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p9
aS'First Community Corporation  Upside Stock Technicals at Extreme ... CML News - Mar 2, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for First Community Corporation  . The company has a five bull technical rating which indicates extreme strength.'
p10
a.