(lp0
S'Better Buy: Freeport-McMoRan Inc. vs. Barrick Gold Motley Fool - 3 hours ago Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  and Barrick Gold  rank among the largest gold and copper miners in the world. After years of retrenching, both are in better operational and financial shape than they were when commodity prices started to&nbsp;...Freeport-McMoRan rebounds from strong support levels. - Seeking AlphaThe Technical Facts on Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS'Why Freeport-McMoRan Inc Shares Fell a Painful 19.5% in February Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 In February, the shortest month of the year, copper, gold, and oil company Freeport-McMoRan Inc  saw its shares tumble by nearly 20%.Freeport-McMoRan Inc  Stock Will Fight Through the Pain - Investorplace.comThe Case for and Against Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS"Freeport-McMoRan: Caution Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Indonesian government's stubbornness is not good for the company as well as the people of the country. The country does not possess the necessary technology and investment to utilize these resources.Indonesia faces test in push for mining reforms - The Straits TimesFreeport: Business in Indonesia Will Not Return to Normal - Tempo.co"
p3
aS"Freeport-McMoRan: 4 Scenarios For Grasberg Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 In my previous article on Freeport-McMoRan , I discussed the company's problems in Indonesia. This time they are serious compared to previous rounds of this soap opera.Why Is Freeport-McMoRan Inc  Stock Falling Amid High Copper? - Investorplace.comDigging Up the Facts on Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p4
aS"Freeport-McMoRan Inc. Is Too Dangerous Right Now Investorplace.com - Feb 21, 2017 Freeport-McMoRan Inc  can't seem to catch a break. The past few years have characterized by multiple turnarounds that were only met by good deals gone bad, terrible situations and deteriorating fundamentals.Freeport-McMoRan: This Time, Indonesian Problems Look Serious - Seeking AlphaFreeport-McMoRan row with Indonesia threatens global copper supply - MarketWatch"
p5
aS"Why I'm buying Freeport McMoRan Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 Most readers know that I have a few trades that bet on an accelerating economy. I currently have three stocks that are doing business in the basic materials industry.Why Freeport-McMoRan Inc  Stock Is Much Uglier Without Indonesia - Investorplace.comTraders Secrets on Ford Motor Company , Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Freeport-McMoRan Inc Implied Price Swing ... CML News - 17 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Freeport-McMoRan Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p7
aS'Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  Rises 5.05% for March 15 Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Wednesday March 15 was Freeport-McMoRan Inc. , popping some 5.05% to a price of $12.89 a share with some 24.46 million shares trading hands.'
p8
aS'Stock Valuation in Focus for Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  Business Review - Mar 17, 2017 The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p9
aS"Freeport-McMoRan Inc. : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Freeport-McMoRan Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late.Basic Materials Worth Chasing: Freeport-McMoRan Inc. , Marathon Oil ... - The Independent RepublicAnalysts Recom After Major Development: Freeport-McMoRan , Anadarko ... - Seneca Globe"
p10
a.