(lp0
S'Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 18 hours ago Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.85% to close at $38.45.Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - The Cerbat GemNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS"Farmers Capital Bank Corporation Announces Plan to Consolidate Banking Operations GlobeNewswire  - Aug 12, 2016 FRANKFORT, Ky., Aug. 11, 2016  -- Farmers Capital Bank Corporation   announced today that its Board of Directors approved a plan to consolidate the Company's four bank subsidiaries (as well as the&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 27, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.1 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 01, 2017.Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus National ... - CML News'
p3
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corporation Announces Balance Sheet Restructuring ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 22, 2016 FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 21, 2016  -- Farmers Capital Bank Corporation   announced a series of balance sheet restructuring transactions that are expected to improve its overall financial position including&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corp  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  - Fiscal StandardZacks Investment Research upgraded Farmers Capital Bank Corp  to ... - Breaking Finance News'
p5
aS'Analysts Expect Farmers Capital Bank Corp  to Announce $0.44 Earnings ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 9, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corp logo Shares of Farmers Capital Bank Corp  have been given a consensus broker rating score of 2.00  from the two brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  is Beating First ... - CML News'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus Middleburg Financial Corporation  .Farmers Capital Bank Corp.  Issues Earnings Results - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  is Beating Ames ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Ames National Corporation  versus Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Zacks: Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy ... - Sports PerspectivesFarmers Capital Bank Corp  Given Average Rating of Buy by Analysts - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'The Zacks: Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 12, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corp  has been given an average broker rating score of 2.00  from the two brokers that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p9
aS'Zacks Investment Research Lowers Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  to Sell Chaffey Breeze - Feb 20, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corporation logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  from a buy rating to a sell rating in a report published on Tuesday. According to Zacks, FARMERS CAPITAL BANK&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus Summit ... - CML NewsZacks: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Receives Consensus ... - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.