(lp0
S'Federated Investors Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 17 hours ago Federated Investors Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 3.6% to close at $25.97. On the day, Federated Investors Inc. saw 1.27 million shares trade hands on 6,730 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a ...Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Federated Investors, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardFederated Investors, Inc.  EPS Forecast Set At $0.5 - Investor Newswire'
p1
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Acquires 20071 Shares of Sykes Enterprises ... Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Sykes Enterprises, logo Federated Investors Inc. PA raised its position in shares of Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated  by 123.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p2
aS"Federated Investors, Inc. Files Annual Report on Form 10-K with US Securities ... PR Newswire  - Feb 24, 2017 PITTSBURGH, Feb. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Federated Investors, Inc. , one of the nation's largest investment managers, today filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the U.S.Federated Investors Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSBrokers Set Expectations for Federated Investors, Inc.'s Q2 2017 Earnings  - Community Financial News"
p3
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Lowers Stake in First Solar, Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago First Solar logo Federated Investors Inc. PA decreased its stake in First Solar, Inc.  by 0.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p4
aS'Diamondback Energy Inc  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Diamondback Energy logo Federated Investors Inc. PA cut its position in shares of Diamondback Energy Inc  by 28.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.'
p5
aS'Iconix Brand Group Inc  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Iconix Brand Group logo Federated Investors Inc. PA reduced its stake in shares of Iconix Brand Group Inc  by 0.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p6
aS'John Bean Technologies Corp  Stake Increased by Federated Investors Inc. PA Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago John Bean Technologies Corp logo Federated Investors Inc. PA boosted its stake in John Bean Technologies Corp  by 43.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p7
aS"Federated Investors, Inc.'s President and CEO J. Christopher Donahue to ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Federated Investors, Inc. , one of the nation's largest investment managers, announced today that President and CEO J. Christopher Donahue is scheduled to discuss the company's strategy for growth at the Citi 2017 Asset&nbsp;...9375 Shares in Federated Investors, Inc.  Acquired by Ancora Advisors LLC - BNB Daily "
p8
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Reduces Stake in Rio Tinto plc  Chaffey Breeze - Mar 17, 2017 Rio Tinto plc logo Federated Investors Inc. PA cut its position in Rio Tinto plc  by 31.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p9
aS"Chico's FAS, Inc.  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA The Cerbat Gem - 2 hours ago Chico's FAS logo Federated Investors Inc. PA cut its position in Chico's FAS, Inc.  by 31.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission."
p10
a.