(lp0
S'BRIEF-Farmers National Banc Corp to acquire Monitor Bancorp Inc Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 13 The U.S. Treasury said on Monday it may announce and auction a seven-day cash management bill on Wednesday, the day the current federal debt limit suspension expires.'
p1
aS"Farmers National Banc  and Monitor Bancorp Announce Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com - Mar 13, 2017 Farmers National Banc Corp.  and Monitor Bancorp, Inc. the holding company for Monitor Bank, announced today they have entered into an agreement and plan of merger.Farmers National Banc Corp. to Acquire Monitor Bancorp, Inc. - Business Wire Farmers National Banc to buy Monitor Bancorp Inc. - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p2
aS'Farmers National Banc Corp.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 Farmers National Banc Corp. is a one-bank holding company. The Company operates principally through its subsidiaries, The Farmers National Bank of Canfield , Farmers Trust Company  and National Associates, Inc. .Farmers National Banc Corp. fourth-quarter profit jumps 68.91 percent on a YOY ... - Myiris.com'
p3
aS'Farmers National Banc Corp. Declares and Increases Quarterly Cash Dividend 25% Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 On February 28, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Farmers National Banc Corp.  declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share, a 25% increase from the 2016 first quarter payment.Stock Returns: Farmers National Banc Corp.  is Beating Fidelity ... - CML News'
p4
aS"Farmers National Banc Corp. agrees to buy East Liverpool-based bank Crain's Cleveland Business - Jun 24, 2015 Farmers National Banc Corp. , the holding company for Farmers National Bank of Canfield, is developing a taste for acquisitions.Farmers National Banc Corp. to Acquire Tri-State First Banc, Inc. - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Farmers National Banc Corp. Announces Completion of Merger with Tri State 1 Business Wire  - Oct 1, 2015 CANFIELD, Ohio----Farmers National Banc Corp.  , the holding company for The Farmers National Bank of Canfield , announced that on October 1, 2015,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Farmers National Banc Corp /oh/  Files Form 4 Insider Buying : David Z ... Energy Index - Mar 8, 2017 Farmers National Banc Corp /oh/ : David Z Paull , director of Farmers National Banc Corp /oh/ purchased 18 shares on Mar 1, 2017.In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Farmers National Banc ... - The De Soto Edge'
p7
aS'Farmers National Banc Corp. Acquires Bowers Insurance Agency, Inc. Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 CANFIELD, Ohio----The Farmers National Bank of Canfield  has completed the acquisition of the Bowers Insurance Agency, Inc. .'
p8
aS'Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Farmers National Banc Corp.  Fiscal Standard - 10 hours ago Currently 3 analysts have outstanding research reports on Farmers National Banc Corp. , according to the reports 0 analysts rate the stock Buy, 1 Outperform, 0 Underperform, 0 Sell, while 2 Hold.Non-standard Finance Plc  Buy Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital ... - Wolcott Daily'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Peapack ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  .Farmers National Banc Corp.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 on ... - Chaffey BreezeWhich Analysts Are Watching Farmers National Banc Corp. ? - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.