(lp0
S'Ferro Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 17 hours ago Ferro Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.13% to close at $14.37. On the day, Ferro Corporation saw 676,603 shares trade hands on 2,614 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume of&nbsp;...Median Target Of Ferro Corporation  At $17 - Markets DailyPrice Target &amp; Session Watch on Ferro Corporation  - Rockville Register'
p1
aS"Ferro Corp. Of Interest To Paint Companies? Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 Ferro Corp. products complement those in the paint manufacturing industry; it's relatively small and inexpensive, and will benefit from takeover and marketing of its products by legacy paint manufacturers.Menta Capital LLC Acquires 38344 Shares of Ferro Corporation  - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Ferro Corporation to Be Keynote Presenter at the Gabelli Specialty Chemicals ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 Ferro Corporation , a global leader in functional coatings and color solutions, announced today that Chairman, President and CEO Peter Thomas and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Benjamin Schlater will present at the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Shares of Ferro Corporation Plunge After Rejection of Buyout Offers Motley Fool - Jul 18, 2016 What: Shares of specialty chemicals manufacturer Ferro Corporation  are down more than 11% as of 12:30 p.m. EDT after the company rejected offers from private equity companies Apollo Global Management and CVC Capital Partners.'
p4
aS"Why Ferro Corporation's Shares Popped 15% Late Friday Motley Fool - May 6, 2016 What: Shares of specialty materials company Ferro Corporation  jumped 15% in late trading Friday after it was reported that the company is exploring a sale.Ferro Corp taps Lazard to explore sale: sources - Reuters"
p5
aS'Ferro Corp.  Acquires Cappelle Pigments, Certain Delta Performance ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 17, 2016 Ferro Corporation  today announced entering into an agreement to acquire Cappelle Pigments NV  and the acquisition of certain assets of Delta Performance Products , for aggregate consideration of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Ferro Corp. confirms it's exploring 'strategic alternatives' Crain's Cleveland Business - May 9, 2016 Mayfield Heights-based Ferro Corp.  on Monday, May 9, confirmed that its board of directors is exploring possible strategic alternatives for the company.Ferro News Release - Business Wire "
p7
aS"Ferro Corp. names new CFO Crain's Cleveland Business - Sep 2, 2016 Mayfield Heights-based Ferro Corp. has made some changes to its leadership team in order to support growth, the performance materials company said in a news release."
p8
aS"Ferro Corporation's  CEO Peter Thomas on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 Good morning. Thank you for joining the Ferro Corporation's 2016 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] An archived replay of this section of this teleconference will be available through the investor information section at ...Ferro Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 01 - Equities.comWhat are analysts saying about Ferro Corporation's  future? - Simply Wall St"
p9
aS'Ferro Corp rebuffs bids from Apollo, CVC: sources Reuters - Jul 15, 2016 U.S. specialty chemicals company Ferro Corp turned down acquisition offers from private equity firms Apollo Global Management LLC and CVC Capital Partners Ltd as too low, people familiar with the matter said on Friday.'
p10
a.