(lp0
S"First Industrial Realty Trust to Participate in Citi's 2017 Global Property ... PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2017 CHICAGO, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. , a leading fully integrated owner, operator and developer of industrial real estate, today announced that it will participate in a roundtable presentation at Citi's ...Today's Brokerage Rating: Starwood Property Trust, Inc. , First ... - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS'First Industrial Realty Trust Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2017 First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. , a leading fully integrated owner, operator and developer of industrial real estate, today announced results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016.First Industrial Realty Trust reports 4Q results - Yahoo FinanceFirst Industrial Realty Trust Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for FR - Nasdaq'
p2
aS'First Industrial Realty Trust Reports Tax Treatment of Common Stock Distributions PR Newswire  - Jan 25, 2017 CHICAGO, Jan. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. , a leading owner, operator and developer of industrial real estate, today reported the tax treatment of its 2016 distributions.'
p3
aS'REIT Focus: Strong Buy on First Industrial Realty Trust GuruFocus.com - Jan 18, 2017 First Industrial Realty Trust Inc.  is a publicly traded REIT that is engaged in the ownership, acquisition, development, leasing and management of industrial properties located in the U.S.First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  Receives $25.67 Average Price Target ... - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS"First Industrial Realty Trust Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 27, 2017 First Industrial Realty Trust Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 27, as the stock gained 0.71% to close at $27.01.First Industrial Realty Trust  PT Raised to $28 at Jefferies - StreetInsider.comAnalyst's Indicator Review for RealPage, Inc. , First Industrial Realty ... - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS'First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio Energy Index - Mar 15, 2017 The dividend growth rate of First Industrial Realty Trust calculated based on 20 historical quarterly dividends is 44.77% while the R-Squared dividend growth rate regression is 0.69.Brokers Issue New Targets On First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardStock Watch Near-Term: First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  - Rockville Register'
p6
aS"BRIEF-First Industrial Realty Trust reports Q4 EPS $0.20 Reuters - Feb 22, 2017 PARIS, Feb 23 PSA Group's proposed acquisition of Opel would swiftly create savings and value from the General Motors European division's turnaround and complementary brands, the French carmaker's Chief Executive Carlos Tavares said on Thursday."
p7
aS'First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  Position Cut by Federated Investors ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 12, 2017 First Industrial Realty Trust logo Federated Investors Inc. PA reduced its position in shares of First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  by 1.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange ...Noteworthy Stock to Observe: First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  - Is stories'
p8
aS'Consensus Estimates on Earnings &amp; Stock Price in Focus for First Industrial ... Aiken Advocate - 20 hours ago When a company reports earnings, the reports are intensely examined by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can give insight into the profitability of a company. Covering Street analysts are looking for First Industrial ...'
p9
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Paycom Software, Inc. , First Industrial ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 6, 2017 First Industrial Realty Trust Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.83, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Jefferies Group LLC Raises First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  Price ... - Chaffey BreezeThe First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.  Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life ... - DailyQuint"
p10
a.