(lp0
S"Eni Sells Saipem Stake to Italy's FSI to Reduce Debt Burden Bloomberg - Oct 28, 2015 Italian energy producer sells 12.5% of oil-services company ... Eni, which owns 43 percent of Saipem, agreed to sell a 12.5 percent stake in the Milan-based company to FSI, an arm of state-controlled Italian lender Cassa Depositi &amp; Prestiti, it said in ...Conscious uncoupling - Breakingviews"
p1
aS'Saipem rights issue leaves banks holding stock Financial Times - Feb 12, 2016 Saipem shares have lost more than two-thirds of their value this year as the company, hit by the effects of low oil prices, has completed a controversial deal with its largest shareholder, energy group ENI, and the Italian sovereign wealth fund to ...Saipem Counting the Cost of Going Solo in Low Oil Price World - Rigzone'
p2
aS'Vortex bladeless wind energy project JEC Composites - Apr 13, 2016 Vortex Bladeless was founded in 2013 as an R&amp;D company, exclusively dedicated to the development and marketing of Vortex, a multi-patented bladeless electric wind generator.'
p3
aS"Fragile States: Rankings and Map Foreign Policy  - Jun 27, 2016 The U.K. has seen its scores jump, in particular, in the area of Group Grievances: In 2011, it scored a 4.4; for the 2016 FSI, that number has climbed to 5.9. That's due in part to what British Muslims say is the country's growing Islamophobia ..."
p4
aS"Advisor Group Appoints Steve Chipman as Senior Vice President, Strategic ... PR Newswire  - Jan 18, 2017 PHOENIX, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Advisor Group, one of the nation's largest networks of independent financial advisory firms, comprised of SagePoint Financial, FSC Securities Corporation, Woodbury Financial, and Royal Alliance, today announced&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"FACTBOX-Iran gathers speed with preliminary international oil, gas deals Reuters UK - Jul 13, 2016 Germany's Siemens AG signed an MoU in May with National Iranian Oil Company  and Oil Turbo Compressor Company  to overhaul equipment and facilities at Iran's oil operations and refineries, according to Iranian news agencies. Siemens&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Briefing - HCCI engine technology just-auto.com  - Jan 10, 2017 HCCI's efficiency comes from reduced pumping losses, burning fuel faster at lower temperatures and reducing the heat energy lost during the combustion process. Consequently, less carbon dioxide is released .... Nevertheless, Honda's research on HCCI ..."
p7
aS"Thomson Reuters Eikon Messenger numbers surge as Yahoo retires legacy ... Finextra - Aug 5, 2016 Global energy company Gazprom Marketing and Trading Limited and Dong Energy, Denmark's largest energy company, are the latest firms to publicly endorse Eikon Messenger following similar endorsements from Europe's top energy brokers and international ..."
p8
aS'FIR on Lodha Group for not handing over society to shop-owners ETRealty.com - Jul 27, 2016 The builder failed to form the society, did not issue the conveyance deed and extra FSI meant for the mall was used illegally for constructing the residential tower,&quot; said Mumbai police spokesperson, DCP Ashok Dudhe.'
p9
aS'New development control rules for Pune give more FSI, boost to realty ETRealty.com - Jan 20, 2017 New development control rules for Pune give more FSI, boost to realty PUNE: The state government on Thursday facilitated the dream of many citizens to own a home in the city by granting more Floor Space Index  in the Development Control  rules&nbsp;...New development control rules for Pune give more floor space index, boost to ... - Times of India'
p10
a.