(lp0
S'Fab Universal Corp Chairman Arrested ValueWalk - Feb 11, 2015 The board of directors of Fab Universal clarified that Zhang was accused of illegally obtaining public funds of another company he owned.FAB Universal says chairman detained in China; operations there appear abandoned - Tribune-ReviewFab Universal chairman detained in Beijing; Chinese operations abandoned - Pittsburgh Business Times'
p1
aS'FAB Universal: The Face of Piracy In China Seeking Alpha - Nov 14, 2013 FAB Universal Corp.  claims to be a global leader in the distribution of copyright-protected digital media. FAB derives substantially all of its revenue and profit from its Chinese subsidiary, which, according to its FY2012 10-K filed on 3 ...'
p2
aS'FAB Universal to spin off unit to shareholders Pittsburgh Business Times - Jul 21, 2016 Pittsburgh-based FAB Universal announced plans to spin off its podcast hosting division to shareholders early next month. FAB Universal  said the spin off would take place Aug. 1, with shareholders receiving a share of common stock in&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'After two years of litigation, Fab Universal looking to settle shareholder claims Pittsburgh Business Times - Sep 2, 2015 Fab Universal Corp. could soon put to rest two years of shareholder litigation brought against the company. A hearing has been scheduled for Oct. 14 in the U.S.'
p4
aS"Hearing set to determine FAB Universal's future on stock exchange Pittsburgh Business Times - Jul 3, 2014 The future of FAB Universal Corp.'s stock on the New York Stock Exchange will be determined July 16, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission."
p5
aS"Latest News, Acquisition Updates: McDonald's Corporation, Hewlett-Packard ... PR Newswire  - Nov 15, 2013 Market Buzz Report, a leading penny stock newsletters provider, issues major news alert for McDonald's Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company, Fab Universal Corp, Federal National Mortgage&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'CEO With Uncanny Timing Takes a Shine to a Penny Stock TheStreet.com - Dec 30, 2013 Following a playbook established by several other Chinese &quot;reverse merger&quot; companies, FAB got its U.S. listing by selling itself to Pittsburgh-based Wizzard Software Corp. Trading of shares of FAB Universal was halted Nov. 21 following allegations by ...'
p7
aS"Ex-investor relations executive gets US prison term for insider trading Reuters - Jan 21, 2015 NEW YORK A former executive at a New York investor relations firm, whose shoeless sprint from news photographers last year was lampooned on Comedy Central's &quot;The Daily Show,&quot; was sentenced on Wednesday to 2-1/2 years in prison for insider trading."
p8
aS'China to Continue OLED Investments, Which Bodes Well for Universal Display Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Universal Display  has many upside catalysts on the horizon. Beyond the big one, display makers continue to increase their investments in OLED manufacturing facilities.'
p9
aS'The full story of Jon Carnes, Silvercorp and the BCSC The Globe and Mail - May 14, 2015 I think [the BCSC] is trying to protect B.C. companies....They want to protect their image. Carnes continues to investigate Chinese companiesand he has been using his own name on his reports since 2012.'
p10
a.