(lp0
S'Fulton Financial Announces Pricing of $125 Million Senior Notes Offering Business Wire  - Mar 14, 2017 LANCASTER, Pa.----Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced the pricing of its public offering of $125 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.60% Senior Notes due 2022 .'
p1
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Fulton Financial Corporation is a multi-bank financial holding company. The Company provides a range of banking and financial services to businesses and consumers through its banking subsidiaries: Fulton Bank, N.A.'
p2
aS'Fulton Financial Corp  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by ... Chaffey Breeze - Mar 17, 2017 Fulton Financial Corp logo Fulton Financial Corp  has earned an average recommendation of Hold from the six research firms that are presently covering the stock.Fulton Financial Corporation  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market ExclusiveThe Fulton Financial Corp  Position Held by New York State Teachers ... - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'William &quot;Smokey&quot; Glover joins Fulton Financial Corporation as Director of Fair ... Marketwired  - Oct 17, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation , announced today that William &quot;Smokey&quot; Glover, of Lancaster, PA, has been promoted to the position of Director of Fair and Responsible Banking.Fulton Financial names Glover director of fair and responsible banking - LancasterOnline'
p4
aS'3 Reasons To Buy Fulton Financial Corporation Motley Fool - Jul 24, 2014 Fulton Financial Corporation  is making a solid value proposition: The holding company has increased earnings consistently for many years even though its second quarter earnings came in a little weaker than expected, it benefits from&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Fulton Financial Corporation Creates Fulton Forward; Announces Fulton Bank ... Marketwired  - Sep 22, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced the creation of Fulton Forward, the Corporation's initiative to further promote the building of vibrant communities through programs, products,&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Dr. Scott A. Snyder Appointed to Fulton Financial Corporation Board of Directors Marketwired  - Jul 19, 2016 LANCASTER, PA-- - Scott A. Snyder, Ph.D., of Berwyn, PA, has been elected to the board of directors of Fulton Financial Corporation , effective July 18, 2016. Since 2011, Dr. Snyder has served as the ...'
p7
aS'Fulton Financial Announces Closing of Senior Notes Offering Business Wire  - Mar 16, 2017 LANCASTER, Pa.----Fulton Financial Corporation   today announced the closing of its previously announced public offering  of $125 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.60% senior&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Fulton Financial Corporation Names Weber as Director of Corporate Development Marketwired  - Oct 27, 2015 LANCASTER, PA-- - Fulton Financial Corporation  today announced that Jason H. Weber, of Downingtown, PA, has been named director of corporate development.'
p9
aS'Fulton Financial CFO resigns Central Penn Business Journal - Dec 7, 2016 ... Corp. CFO Patrick Barrett is leaving for an executive position at another financial institution. ... Fulton COO and senior executive vice president Philmer Rohrbaugh is temporarily serving as CFO until the company appoints a new person for the ...'
p10
a.