(lp0
S"Five Star Quality Care, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 ... Business Wire  - Mar 3, 2017 Five Star Senior Living Inc. is a senior living and healthcare services company. As of December 31, 2016, Five Star operated 283 senior living communities with 31,830 living units located in 32 states, including 215 communities (23,042 living units ...Five Star Quality Care's  CEO Bruce Mackey on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Five Star Senior Living Announces Short Term Rehab Neighborhood Addition at ... Business Wire  - Nov 29, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare service providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced the completion of a&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Five Star Senior Living Opens New Memory Care Neighborhood at The Gardens of ... Business Wire  - Nov 28, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced the addition of&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"American Health Care Association Recognizes Four Five Star Senior Living ... Business Wire  - Jul 13, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced that four&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"UPDATED: Senior Star Co-Founders Blast Five Star Directors, Call for Shakeup Senior Housing News - Nov 7, 2016 Shareholders William Thomas and Robert Thomas, co-founders of Oklahoma-based senior housing owner and operator Senior Star, have penned a lengthy public letter to other Five Star shareholders in which they blast Five Star's governance and call for ..."
p5
aS"Five Star Senior Living Has Seven Communities Compete in A Taste of Senior ... Business Wire  - Sep 30, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced that seven&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"How Five Star is Trying to Make Up for Lower Occupancy Senior Housing News - Nov 3, 2016 Facing occupancy challenges, Five Star Senior Living  is undertaking initiatives to drive revenue. These include expanding wellness and rehabilitation programs and decreasing the company's reliance on third-party referral sources that ...Ancillaries, initiatives help offset occupancy challenges at Five Star - McKnight's Senior Living"
p7
aS"Five Star to Provide Outpatient Therapy in Competitors' Communities Senior Housing News - Mar 6, 2017 Five Star Senior Living  is continuing to execute on a six-point plan for improving occupancy and cash flow, as it confronts oversupply headwinds, rising labor costs, and other pressures.Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Lowers Its Price Target On Five Star ... - Market Exclusive"
p8
aS"Investors Buzz: Five Star Senior Living Inc.'s  stock price is at $2.10 ... WsNews 4investors - 4 hours ago Five Star Senior Living Inc.  stock price distance from twenty day simple moving average slumped at -9.29% while its distance from fifty day simple moving average declined -16.80% along with -11.74% below distance from two hundred simple moving&nbsp;...Shares in View: Five Star Senior Living Inc.  - The HeraldIs Five Star Senior Living Inc.  The Right Stock For Heady Investors? - Morgan Research"
p9
aS"Thomas Brothers' Pick for Five Star Board Withdraws Senior Housing News - Dec 16, 2016 They also co-founded Senior Star, an Oklahoma-based senior housing owner and operator. Almost exactly one year ago, SEC filings revealed that the brothers were pushing Five Star to sell its 33 owned properties to Gemini Properties, an affiliate of ..."
p10
a.