(lp0
S'BRIEF-Everi Holdings completes settlement agreement with former president, CEO Reuters - 17 hours ago March 17 Everi Holdings Inc: * Everi Holdings completes settlement agreement with former president and CEO. * Everi Holdings Inc says chary will receive payments totaling $4.6 million inclusive of $0.9 million in legal fees. * Everi Holdings Inc says ...'
p1
aS'Everi Holdings Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 15 hours ago Everi Holdings logo Everi Holdings Inc  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday.Everi Holdings Inc.  Moves Into Potential Pullback Territory - Aiken AdvocateCraig Hallum Upgrades Everi Holdings Inc  to Buy - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'Everi Holdings Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - 17 hours ago On March 15, 2017, Everi Holdings Inc.  entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with its former President and Chief Executive Officer, Ram V. Chary, whose last day with the Company was February 13, 2016, to resolve a&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Everi Holdings: Too Much Risk, Not Enough Execution Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 I liked the story at Everi Holdings  last year, buying shares above $3 in November. I'd liked it even earlier: the late 2014 tie-up of Global Cash Access, a payments provider to the casino floor, and fast-growing slot machine manufacturer ..."
p4
aS'Gaming Company Everi Holdings Inc.  Hits 52-week Highs On Earnings ... StockNewsUnion - Mar 15, 2017 Everi Holdings Inc.  supplies casinos with video and reel gaming content and technology, payment solutions, and compliance and efficiency software.Everi Holdings reports 4Q loss - Yahoo FinanceEveri Holdings Inc  Upgraded to Outperform by Telsey Advisory Group - Chaffey Breeze'
p5
aS"Everi and VizExplorer Partner to Deliver Suspicious Activity Analytics through ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 19, 2016 LAS VEGAS, Sept. 19, 2016  -- Everi Holdings Inc.  , the casino gaming industry's single source provider of gaming products and payments solutions, today announced it has entered into an&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Everi Holdings will replace Global Cash Access this month Las Vegas Review-Journal - Aug 13, 2015 Las Vegas-based Global Cash Access announced its new name Thursday, saying the company will be known as Everi Holdings Inc.Global Cash Access Re-Branding to Everi - GlobeNewswire Company that acquired Austin video slot machine maker set to change its name - Austin Business Journal'
p7
aS'BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Rubicon Project, NeoPhotonics, Everi Holdings Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 EVERI HOLDINGS INC &lt;EVRI.N&gt;, Tuesday close $3.24, +7.72 pct premarket Brokerage Telsey Advisory Group upgraded the provider of cash services to casinos to &quot;outperform&quot; from &quot;market perform&quot;.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Catalyst Pharma, MSCI, Rubicon Project - Times of India'
p8
aS"News Everi Holdings Inc.EVRI Wall Street Journal - Aug 25, 2015 P/E Ratio : The Price to Earnings  ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period ..."
p9
aS"Time To Buy These Stocks? Analyst's Take on Everi Holdings Inc. (NYSE:EVRI ... Rives Journal - 23 hours ago Everi Holdings Inc.  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm."
p10
a.