(lp0
S'Granite City Food Buys 5 Cadillac Ranch All American Bar Restaurants Private Equity Hub  - Feb 2, 2012 Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd.  recently announced that it has completed the purchase of the assets of five Cadillac Ranch All American Bar &amp; Grill restaurants, in Bloomington, Minnesota; Miami, Florida; Oxon Hill, Maryland; Annapolis,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Granite City Food &amp; Brewery is looking for sale, merger or other deal Minneapolis Star Tribune - Feb 17, 2015 Despite attempts to expand in recent years, Granite City Food &amp; Brewery is on the sales block again. The restaurant company - long on ambition but short on profits - said Tuesday it has hired Houlihan Lokey Capital, an investment bank, to assist it ...Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. Up For Sale or Merger - WJON NewsGranite City Food &amp; Brewery For Sale - Twin Cities Business Magazine'
p2
aS"Former McDonald's Executive VP Will Make Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Golden Seeking Alpha - Apr 25, 2013 Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. develops and operates two casual dining concepts: Granite City Food &amp; Brewery and Cadillac Ranch All American Bar &amp; Grill."
p3
aS'Granite City Food &amp; Brewery to Launch Bottled Beer Line Business Wire  - Mar 21, 2011 MINNEAPOLIS----Granite City Food &amp; Brewery  today announced the launch of a bottled beer line in retail stores outside of their 26 restaurants throughout the Midwest.'
p4
aS'Market Desk: Stock Update for Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd.  Searcy News - 22 hours ago Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 79048. The EV helps show how the market assigns value to a company as a whole.'
p5
aS"Granite City Food &amp; Brewery rolls into Ren Cen The Detroit News - Feb 4, 2016 As downtown Detroit's workforce and residency numbers continue to swell, places for people to dine and hang out have followed suit.Granite City Food &amp; Brewery set to open in RenCen today - Crain's Detroit BusinessLook Inside the RenCen's Gargantuan Granite City Food &amp; Brewery - Eater Detroit "
p6
aS'Granite City Food &amp; Brewery to open in Northville The Oakland Press - Apr 1, 2015 Granite City Food and Brewery Ltd is opening in Northville on Wednesday, April 8. The St. Cloud, Minn.-based restaurant and brew-pub will open its 33rd location in the Northville Park Place development on the southwest corner of Haggerty and Seven Mile&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Boelter Beverage Announces Rebranding Partnership with Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Brewbound.com - Jul 30, 2014 Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. develops and operates two casual dining concepts: Granite City Food &amp; Brewery and Cadillac Ranch All American Bar &amp; Grill.'
p8
aS"Granite City Food &amp; Brewery to open in RenCen Crain's Detroit Business - Nov 13, 2014 A Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. restaurant is set open in the Renaissance Center next October. The downtown Detroit restaurant will have 16,000 square feet of space inside the region's largest office complex and a 1,000-square-foot outdoor patio ..."
p9
aS"Granite City to debut brand's new menu when it opens in RenCen in February Crain's Detroit Business - Jan 4, 2016 With two successful locations in southeast Michigan - West Big Beaver in Troy, which opened three years ago, and Seven Mile and Haggerty roads in Northville that opened last year - Dean said Minneapolis-based Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. was&nbsp;..."
p10
a.