(lp0
S"General Electric's Buyback Scorecard Seeking Alpha - 19 hours ago GE sold its capital divestment plan as a way to buy back stock and replace the lost earnings growth. But this simply isn't the case despite enormous sums of money being spent."
p1
aS"Here's Why You Should Buy Honeywell, Sell General Electric Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 However, in a major hint of re-conglomeration, General Electric has inked a definitive agreement with Baker Hughes Incorporated BHI to merge its Oil &amp; Gas business with the latter.Machinery Stocks Under Scanner - General Electric, Honeywell, Danaher, and ABB Ltd - PR Newswire "
p2
aS"The Tide Could Be Turning For General Electric Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 General Electric  has been a drag on many a portfolio for the past one...two...ten years. The company's CEO has overstayed his due and his departure may point to a brighter future for GE. GE's divestiture of assets over the past few years has ...Why General Electric Company  Stock Is Way Too Dangerous - Investorplace.comGeneral Electric Co  Closes 0.03% Down on the Day for March 16 - Equities.com"
p3
aS"General Electric: Immelt's Blunders Spark Talk Of Breakup Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 General Electric's  extremely poor performance was spotlighted recently when Jeff Immelt's pay was cut by 35%.General Electric: What If It's Not Immelt? - Barron's "
p4
aS'3 Terrible Reasons to Sell General Electric Company Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Even the best blue-chip stocks have drawbacks. Yes, even General Electric , a company that has served as the bedrock of the American economy and stock market for over a century.General Electric: The Path Of Least Resistance Is Downward - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS'General Electric Inks Deal with DB Cargo to Expand in Europe Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 A unit of General Electric Company GE - GE Transportation - recently signed an agreement with DB Cargo to digitalize 250 locomotives in Germany, U.K.2 Stocks in Focus General Electric Company , UBS Group AG  (NYSE ... - Daily News Journal'
p6
aS"Shares of General Electric rise on report that Immelt could be 'pushed into ... CNBC - Mar 10, 2017 An uptick in stock price comes as a report was issued Thursday by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a left-leaning research group in Washington, claiming that 100 corporations, including GE, paid no taxes in at least one year between 2008 ...General Electric CEO Immelt in the Hot Seat With Trian's Peltz - Fox BusinessGE Surges on Report That Peltz's Ire May Lead to CEO Change - Bloomberg"
p7
aS"General Electric Company's  CEO Richard Laxer Presents at JP Morgan ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Great, welcome everybody to our section of the J.P. Morgan Industrials and Transportation Conference. We are going to kick it off here with CEO of GE Capital, Rich Laxer. Before we do that, as far as tomorrow is concerned, we will be - there are a ..."
p8
aS"Barron's just came out with a negative piece on General Electric. Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 General Electric  has its share of detractors, of this there is no doubt. Nevertheless, a recent article in Barron's highlighting Bernstein's Steven Winoker's issue with the company takes the cake.Checking the Overall Picture for General Electric Company  - StockNewsJournalAvoid General Electric  Amid Depressed Stock and Dividend Growth Performance - Economic Calendar"
p9
aS'GE Nears $1 Billion Deal With Caithness in Power-Plant Pact Bloomberg - Mar 8, 2017 General Electric Co. is nearing a deal with Caithness Energy with a potential value of more than $1 billion to supply equipment for multiple power plants in the U.S.. GE would provide as many as six of its new H-class gas turbines, along with steam ...'
p10
a.