(lp0
S'3 Numbers That Make Gilead Sciences, Inc. Look Cheaper Than It Really Is Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Gilead Sciences  are trading at levels last seen in the first half of 2014, when trailing-12-month revenue and earnings were substantially lower than they are today.When It Rains, It Pours For Gilead - Seeking AlphaBrown Advisory Inc. Sells 23796 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc.  - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Gilead Sciences, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 14, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 Gilead Sciences, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 14, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.52 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 30, 2017.3 M&amp;A Scenarios For Gilead Sciences - Seeking AlphaIs It Time to Sell Gilead Sciences ? - Smarter Analyst'
p2
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Gilead Sciences, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Several of its most promising pipeline prospects are still years away from commercialization. All of these statements are true for Gilead Sciences . But is the big biotech destined for perpetual malaise? Not hardly. Here's why the best is ...Gilead Sciences: Just Any Deal Won't Do - Barron's Barclays Analyst Pens Open Letter To Gilead Board And Management - Benzinga"
p3
aS'Insider Cuts Losses on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc , Gilead Sciences ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 14, 2017 Canaccord and Goldman Sachs are cautiously reigning in price targets on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc  and Gilead Sciences, Inc. . Whereas one analyst spots a red flag ahead as investors scatter in the fray of Pershing&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Should The US Government Buy A Drug Company To Save Money? NPR - 19 hours ago Since 2013, when Gilead Sciences Inc. released Sovaldi, the first medication that can reliably cure hepatitis C, health insurers and state Medicaid programs have been coming up with ways to limit access to it and a sister drug, Harvoni, because they're ..."
p5
aS"Better Buy: Biogen Inc. vs. Gilead Sciences Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 27, 2017 Biogen  and Gilead Sciences  don't compete against each other -- at least not yet. Both biotechs are interested in the oncology and autoimmune disease therapeutic areas, so there's always a chance they could become rivals.Gilead Sciences Is Heading To $57 - Seeking AlphaGilead Sciences to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference on ... - Yahoo Finance"
p6
aS"Gilead: Despite The Incyte Rumors There Is Still Downside Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 The forward P/E value that is higher than the trailing twelve-month P/E value tells us the story of earnings contraction in the next year.Gilead Looking To Buy Incyte? It Makes Sense - BenzingaGilead Sciences: Is an Incyte Deal 'Reasonable'? - Barron's "
p7
aS"Technicals in Focus for Gilead Sciences, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 21 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Gilead Sciences, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS"World's Smartest Billionaire Jim Simons Boosts Positions in Advanced Micro ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 14, 2017 According to recently-released 13F forms filed with the SEC, we can see that in Q4 the fund upped its Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  and Gilead Sciences, Inc.  positions but cut back its exposure to NVIDIA Corporation&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Gilead Sciences Heading South? Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Gilead Sciences is still a great company with a war chest of capital waiting to be deployed, unlocking future growth.Checking the Overall Picture for Gilead Sciences Inc.  - StockNewsJournalGilead Sciences: M&amp;A to the Rescue? - Barron's "
p10
a.