(lp0
S'How Analysts See General Mills Inc  Perform In The Year Ahead? Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 Based on the latest analyst predictions General Mills Inc  is estimated to grow its earnings 13.2% over the next year.Just the Facts on General Mills, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalGeneral Mills, Inc.  Shares Sold by Fmr LLC - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS"Technicals in Focus for General Mills, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 21 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on General Mills, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p2
aS'General Mills: What To Expect From Earnings Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 General Mills is due to report its third quarter earnings on the 21st of March. Since the company does not give quarterly guidance, investors have to figure this out themselves.Average Brokerage Rating Of General Mills, Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc.  - The USA CommerceHot Stocks Among Investors  General Mills, Inc. , Hilton Worldwide ... - Post Analyst'
p3
aS"Cheerios Gives Away 1.5 Billion Wildflower Seeds in 'Save the Bees' Promotion snopes.com - 17 hours ago A pledge by Honey Nut Cheerios manufacturer General Mills Inc. to give away 100 million wildflower seeds to address the problem of declining bee populations in North America was so well received by the public that the program ended up distributing more&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'General Mills buys stake in Denver protein bar maker Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Feb 28, 2017 General Mills Inc. has invested in a non-dairy, vegan-based performance food upstart for an undisclosed amount. On Tuesday, Chicago-based 2x Consumer Products Growth Partners and Minneapolis-based 301 Inc., the investment partner and venture unit&nbsp;...Sycamore High grad scores venture capital deal with cereal maker General Mills - WCPOFood giant General Mills buys stake in Denver protein bar maker - Denver Business Journal'
p5
aS'Dividend Stock Food Fight: General Mills Or Kellogg? Seeking Alpha - Mar 2, 2017 General Mills  and Kellogg Company  dominate the breakfast aisle and have done so for decades. Along the way, they have amassed huge product portfolios and sell their products around the world.General Mills  Invests in Denver Protein Bar Maker - Yahoo FinanceWhat Analysts are Predicting For Phillips 66 , General Mills, Inc. ? - The USA Commerce'
p6
aS'General Mills: The Dividend Is Delicious Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 General Mills  is a decent company that has suffered some missteps in the yogurt space. At the moment it is trading at a reasonable discount to the overall market as a result of this and other factors, and I think the current valuation ...General Mills, Inc.  Stock Dips on Lower Guidance - Investorplace.comGeneral Mills lowers sales hopes, blames soup and yogurt - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal'
p7
aS'General Mills Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 21 Equities.com - Feb 21, 2017 General Mills Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 21, as the stock gained 3.02% to close at $61.02. On the day, General Mills Inc. saw 7.48 million shares trade hands on 48,949 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily ...How Does General Mills, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournalFfcm LLC Acquires New Stake in General Mills, Inc.  - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'General Mills updates FY17 guidance Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 The company expects to deliver an adjusted operating profit margin of at least 18% in FY17, up at least 120 bps Y/Y. Organic net sales are now expected to fall about 4% vs.'
p9
aS"General Mills invests in sweet, nutty drought-resistant grain Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Mar 8, 2017 General Mills Inc. has plans to incorporate a sweet, nutty grain into its cereals and snacks. The Associated Press reports Golden Valley-based General Mills  has formed a partnership with The Land Institute and the University of Minnesota to ...General Mills boosts eco-friendly grain Kernza - Yahoo FinanceGeneral Mills invests in 'planet-friendly' grain - Food Business News "
p10
a.