(lp0
S"General Motors And Its 4.1% Yield Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 The company's enormous ability to produce FCF has helped it not only refinance its balance sheet, but also to pay a very large dividend to those patient enough to hold the stock.General Motors Is Undervalued - Yahoo FinanceJust the Facts on General Motors Company  - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Ford Motors, AutoNation, General Motors and ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Ford Motors Company , AutoNation, Inc. , General Motors Company  and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. .President Trump talks auto jobs in Michigan - Seeking AlphaTrump Announces Repeal of Obama-Era Fuel Economy Standards in Detroit - KTLA'
p2
aS"Peugeot Reaches Deal to Buy European Brands From General Motors Bloomberg - Mar 4, 2017 PSA Group and General Motors Co. are set to announce on Monday the purchase of the Opel brand by the French company, creating the region's second-largest automaker and allowing GM to exit the European market, according to people familiar with the&nbsp;...Peugeot buys Vauxhall and Opel from General Motors for 1.9bn: But what ... - Telegraph.co.ukGM's Merger Monday - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Why Is General Motors Company  Rehiring 500 Michigan Workers? Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Bringing approximately 500 jobs back would give the company flexibility to meet market demand, it added. In addition, General Motors plans to create 220 jobs at a plant in Romulus, Michigan, where it is building 10-speed automatic transmissions ...General Motors will rehire 500 Michigan workers slated for layoffs - Economic TimesGeneral Motors: Plans on Rehiring Workers - Financialbuzz.com'
p4
aS"General Motors CEO Mary Barra leaving General Dynamics board Washington Business Journal - Mar 15, 2017 She was named General Motors' CEO in January 2014. Company proxy statements between fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2015 show that during Barra's board tenure, she received compensation packages totaling $1.24 million - through a mix of fees, stock and&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Auto Dividend Stock Showdown: General Motors Vs. Ford Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 While Ford made it through the recession, GM ended up declaring bankruptcy, and was eventually rescued by the U.S. government.Did General Motors Company  Discount Too Deeply? - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Market Perform on General ... - Market Exclusive'
p6
aS'General Motors lays off 1100 workers at a Michigan factory despite Trump ... Daily Mail - Mar 6, 2017 Employee Debbie Holbrook, center right, works on a Cadillac CTS on the production line at the General Motors Co.  Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan, U.S in October 2015.GM will lay off 1100 in Michigan after domestic production shift - CNBC'
p7
aS"General Motors Says It Will Rehire 500 Workers Targeted In Scheduled Layoffs Townhall - Mar 17, 2017 The assembly line here will only produce two models of cars, but said that it will bring back 500 to give the company flexibility to meet market demand :.General Motors to rehire nearly 900 workers in Michigan - PR Daily Biz incentive backers promise 'good jobs' for Michigan - The Detroit News"
p8
aS"Alan Knuckman's General Motors Options Trade Benzinga - Mar 6, 2017 Speaking on Bloomberg Markets, Alan Knuckman of Bulls-Eye Option revealed his bullish options strategy in General Motors Company . He said General Motors has a very low price to earnings ratio of 6 and that makes him believe the stock has a&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Ford Motor Company and General ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Last Friday, the company declared a dividend of 38 cents per share with an ex-dividend date of March 8th to be paid on March 24th.Just the Facts on General Motors Co.  - StockNewsJournalHere's How General Motors' Exit From Europe Can Benefit Its Shareholders - Forbes"
p10
a.