(lp0
S"Geopark Ltd  Reaches $6.76 52-Week High; Gatx 's Sentiment Is 1.11 HuronReport - Mar 13, 2017 Community Bank Of Raymore holds 7.92% of its portfolio in Mercator Transport Group Corp for 301,615 shares. Winslow Asset Management Inc owns 140,775 shares or 1.82% of their US portfolio."
p1
aS'Warburg Pincus on verge of buying airline services group Accelya Financial Times - Feb 3, 2017 At the time of the acquisition, Joseph Schull, managing director at Warburg Pincus, said: We view it as an excellent platform to build a market-leading transport, travel and logistics business of scale. We look forward to building on the expertise of ...'
p2
aS'Mercator eyes growth from govt plans to invest in marine infra Moneycontrol.com - Jul 29, 2016 Shalabh Mittal, MD &amp; CEO, Mercator an interview to CNBC-TV18 while sharing his views on first quarter numbers and business outlook going forward said in the quarter gone by they managed to post growth in most segments, especially in the dredging and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Dramatic shake-up at Maersk sees transport and logistics unit go it alone The Loadstar - Sep 22, 2016 Today's announcement is the result of a three-month root-and-branch strategic and structural review of the company that followed a disastrous 88% decline in Maersk Group's second-quarter profit and the departure of group chief executive Nils Andersen ...Maersk to focus on transport and logistics - Freightweek"
p4
aS"China's Quest for Cybersecurity Causes Headache for Foreign Companies The Diplomat - 22 hours ago There is no national security without cybersecurity, declared President Xi Jinping at the inaugural meeting of the Central Leading Group for Cybersecurity and Informatization in February 2014. His words acted as the ... The law classifies the ..."
p5
aS"Cities eating into world's farm lands SciDev.Net - Jan 16, 2017 ... for agriculture will possibly replace forests or other valuable ecosystems at relevant scales, says Felix Creutzig, head of the Land Use, Infrastructure and Transport Group at the Mercator Research Institute on Global Commons and Climate Change in ..."
p6
aS'Chinese investment in EU dwarfs flow the other way Financial Times - Jan 10, 2017 A report by Rhodium Group, a research firm, and the Mercator Institute for China Studies, a think-tank in Berlin, estimates that Chinese direct investment in the EU surged 76 per cent to 35.1bn in 2016.'
p7
aS'Airline Services Leaders Accelya and Mercator Announce Merger Skift - Feb 6, 2017 Piece by piece, private equity firm Warburg Pincus is building Mercator into a rival to Sabre and Amadeus - two travel technology providers that provide overlapping software and operational services to commercial airlines (and that recently went ...Warburg Pincus buys airline services group Accelya; Accelya, Mercator combine ... - STAT Times Accelya and Mercator to come together - Air Cargo News'
p8
aS"Before Cyrus Mistry took charge, companies run by his cousin Mehli gained 300 ... Economic Times - Dec 19, 2016 In 2005, Tata Power awarded a one-year shipping contract to Mercator Lines Ltd. Mercator's Singapore IPO filings states the Tata Power contract was in association with a Mehli Mistry company."
p9
aS'Road transport the driving force behind a record third quarter for DP-DHL The Loadstar - Nov 8, 2016 The figures show the group overcoming weak market fundamentals in freight forwarding and challenges to its supply chain division, while its parcels, e-commerce and post  and express division continued to be propelled by growing e-commerce activity.'
p10
a.