(lp0
S"Chart Industries, Inc. Stays on Track As Downturn Plays Out Motley Fool - Oct 28, 2016 Chart's diverse industrial exposure is helping it ride out the energy downturn. Image source: Chart Industries. Chart Industries, Inc.  reported third-quarter results on October 27, handily beating profit expectations, even as sales ...Chart Industries  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaChart Industries Reports 2016 Third Quarter Results - GlobeNewswire "
p1
aS"Chart Industries, Inc. Stock up 10% After Earnings: Here's Why Motley Fool - Jul 28, 2016 Chart's multi-industry exposure has helped it ride out the energy downturn. Image source: Chart Industries. What: Shares of Chart Industries, Inc.  are up 10.3% at 1:25 p.m. EDT on July 28, following release of the company's second-quarter&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Chart Industries is moving its headquarters out of Northeast Ohio Crain's Cleveland Business - Feb 23, 2017 Chart Industries Inc.  is moving its corporate headquarters from Garfield Heights to Canton, Ga., the company announced on Thursday, Feb. 23, in a news release about its fourth-quarter and year-end earnings for 2016.Chart Industries  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Here's How Chart Industries, Inc. Delivered Strong Profits, Despite the Energy ... Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 Chart Industries, Inc.  has a lot of exposure to the energy industry, and over the past couple of years that's weighed heavily on the company, which manufactures equipment used to handle, process, and store cryogenic gases."
p4
aS"Chart Industries: Tempting, But Not Enough To Nibble Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 At first glance, Chart Industries  doesn't appear to fit that framework, as the company has rallied with the rest of the small cap space that is reveling in the post-Trump victory."
p5
aS'Chart Industries: The Roller Coaster Ride Begins Seeking Alpha - Jan 3, 2017 The stock has doubled from its lows as gas industry prospects have improved from the start of the year. This stock will trade based upon orders received and backlog changes.'
p6
aS'Chart Industries, Inc. Holds Steady, Investing in Eventual Recovery Motley Fool - May 2, 2016 Chart is positioned to ride out the worst, and recover fast when demand picks up. Image source: Chart Industries. Chart Industries  has seen its revenues fall sharply over the past year-plus as the expectations for big demand for natural ...'
p7
aS"Chart announces acquisition of Hetsco GlobeNewswire  - Jan 17, 2017 17, 2017  -- Chart Industries, Inc.   today announced that its subsidiary, Chart Lifecycle, Inc. has acquired Hetsco, Inc., from Global Power Equipment Group, Inc.  for approximately $22 million.Chart Industries subsidiary buys Indiana company for $22 million - Crain's Cleveland BusinessChart Lifecycle Acquires Hetsco For $22 Million - E&amp;P"
p8
aS"General counsel of Chart Industries Inc. will leave the company in November Crain's Cleveland Business - Oct 25, 2016 Chart Industries Inc. , a maker of equipment for the industrial gas, energy, and biomedical industries, disclosed in a regulatory filing that its vice president, general counsel and secretary is leaving the company next month."
p9
aS"Chart Industries, Inc. Stock Down 18% Since Brexit Vote: Here's What Investors ... Motley Fool - Jun 27, 2016 What: Over the past several market days, shares of industrial cryogenic gas processing equipment manufacturer Chart Industries, Inc.  have taken a beating. As of this writing after market close on June 27, shares have fallen 17.8% since ..."
p10
a.