(lp0
S'New Hana Copper Mining Ltd. Announces Name Change Marketwired  - Apr 23, 2014 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - New Hana Copper Mining Ltd.   is pleased to announce that the Company is changing its name to Handa Copper Corporation.'
p1
aS'Cupric Canyon Capital Updates Resource and Feasibility Results Marketwired  - Nov 19, 2015 In 2013 Cupric entered the Kalahari Copper Belt with the acquisition of Hana Mining Limited and its Botswana operating subsidiary (later renamed Khoemacau Copper Mining Pty.'
p2
aS"Cupric Africa: developing Botswana's mineral assets Mining Global - Dec 31, 2015 In 2013, Cupric Canyon Capital acquired two important mining properties in connection with its purchase of Hana Mining; these are known as 'Banana Zone' and 'Zone Five' and contain significant copper deposits, including some silver credits. Sam ..."
p3
aS"Cupric advances ambitions of new copper mine in Botswana Creamer Media's Mining Weekly - Feb 23, 2015 A 2010 National Instrument 43-101-compliant resource estimate for the project, undertaken by Hana Mining, showed an indicated mineral resource - all from the Banana zone - of 585-million pounds of copper and 12-million ounces of silver from 19.7 ..."
p4
aS"It's a monkeys cousin for SAP HANA Enterprise Times - May 18, 2016 The latest is a new release of SAP HANA its in-memory database. Rather than ... Graphing is not the only new analytics capability though and SAP has made available the text mining index as a system table for data scientists to take advantage of. There ...SAP BusinessObjects Portfolio Delivers Modern Analytics for the Digital ... - PR Newswire "
p5
aS"SAP shows off Hana 2 in-memory database platform V3.co.uk - Nov 8, 2016 SAP has unveiled the SAP Hana 2 platform, the company's in-memory database technology, combined with micro-services made available in the cloud via SAP Hybris-as-a-Service."
p6
aS"Caterpillar CEO  'We have to lead digital. By the summer every machine will ... Diginomica - Apr 25, 2016 Sales declined across the company with substantial reductions in construction, oil and gas, mining and rail. While many of the industries we serve are challenged, we remain focused on what we can control: the quality of our products, our market ..."
p7
aS'Predictive analytics: What businesses need to know ITProPortal - Oct 30, 2016 In an era when data is seen as an increasingly valuable commodity, the tools and techniques used to analyse that data gain extra importance.'
p8
aS"How a Czech 'super-spy' infiltrated the CIA The Guardian - Jun 30, 2016 According to files held by Czech secret police, his wife, Hana Koecherova, codenamed Adrid, had distributed secret messages on Koecher's behalf during their decades abroad but was never charged with espionage."
p9
aS"Siemens uses process mining to improve manufacturing visibility TechTarget - Dec 15, 2016 They tie into processes that track things such as supplier information, the movement of parts throughout the company's manufacturing operations, and billing and payment."
p10
a.