(lp0
S'AM Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Members of Health Net Group; Withdraws ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 A.M. Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating of B++  and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings  of bbb of Health Net of California, Inc., Health Net Life Insurance Company , Health Net Health ...'
p1
aS'Centene to Buy Health Net in $6.3 Billion Health-Care Deal Bloomberg - Jul 2, 2015 Centene Corp. agreed to buy Health Net Inc. for about $6.3 billion in cash and stock, creating a combination of two smaller U.S.'
p2
aS'Centene and Health Net merger closer to approval CNBC - Mar 22, 2016 Shares of health insurer Centene gained more than 4 percent after the firm announced it had received approval for its $6.3 billion acquisition of Health Net from health insurance officials at the California Department of Managed Health Care , one ...Centene Completes Acquisition Of Health Net - PR Newswire Centene  Announces Completion of Health Net Acquisition - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS"US investigates four insurers over Medicare payments Reuters UK - 21 hours ago The probe of Health Net Inc , Aetna Inc , Cigna Corp's  Bravo Health Inc and Humana Inc  was revealed in papers filed on Tuesday in federal court in Los Angeles, in a lawsuit the government recently joined against&nbsp;...Justice Department investigates four health insurers over Medicare Advantage ... - ModernHealthcare.com"
p4
aS'Health Net says quarterly membership in Obamacare plans declined Reuters - Feb 25, 2016 Insurer Health Net Inc, which is being bought by rival Centene Corp, said it lost members in its individual business that sells plans under Obamacare, echoing thoughts of larger rivals in the sector.HealthNet says quarterly membership in public exchange plans declined - Business Insurance'
p5
aS'Health Net and Scripps Health Join Forces Business Wire  - Nov 10, 2016 Health Net, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Centene Corporation , provides and administers health benefits through group, individual, Medicare , Medicaid ...'
p6
aS'Health Net Announces Consent Solicitation with Respect to Health Net 6.375 ... PR Newswire  - Aug 3, 2015 LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Health Net, Inc.   announced today that it has commenced a consent solicitation with respect to its 6.375% Senior Notes due 2017 (CUSIP No.Health Net reports sharp profit fall but beats expectations - L.A. Biz'
p7
aS'Health Net Providing More Than $1M In Grants To California Safety Net Providers E-Dental.com - Jan 19, 2017 Health Net, Inc. has agreed to provide more than $1 million in grants to safety net health and dental providers in California to help them enhance the quality and scope of services they provide their patients, many of whom are low-income.'
p8
aS'Centene closes $6 billion Health Net acquisition St. Louis Business Journal - Mar 25, 2016 Centene Corp. has closed on its $6 billion acquisition of California-based Health Net Inc. The Clayton-based managed health care company announced Thursday that Health Net is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Centene and no longer an independent&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Health Net tried to block employee whistleblowers, SEC says Los Angeles Times - Aug 16, 2016 For years, insurance provider Health Net Inc. used illegal severance agreements to try to keep departing employees from talking to state and federal officials about company violations, the U.S.Centene's Health Net tried to deter employee whistleblowers, SEC says - St. Louis Business JournalCentene's Subsidiary, Health Net, Announces Settlement Regarding Employee ... - PR Newswire "
p10
a.