(lp0
S"Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. and Rovi Corporation Slump as Indexes ... Motley Fool - Apr 1, 2016 Starwood was one of the biggest percentage-point losers on the S&amp;P 500, falling 5% after the company announced an end to the bidding war that had sent its shares soaring lately.China's Anbang abandons $14 billion bid to buy Starwood Hotels - ReutersStarwood's China Suitor Quits Party as Fast as He Crashed It - Bloomberg"
p1
aS"Why Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc.'s Shares Dropped 10% in May Motley Fool - Jun 2, 2016 What: Shares of gun maker Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc.  fell 10.3% in May, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, as its merger with Marriott International  came under fire."
p2
aS"Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc gets unsolicited bid from China-led ... Financial Post - Mar 14, 2016 Justin Sullivan/Getty ImagesMarriott said it remained committed to its offer for Starwood, which would create the world's largest hotel chain with top brands including Sheraton, Ritz Carlton and the Autograph Collection.Group led by Chinese firm Anbang bids $12.8 billion for Starwood Hotels - Los Angeles TimesChinese Bid For Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Rekindles Memories Of Japan's 1980s ... - Forbes"
p3
aS"Why Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. Stock Jumped 21% in March Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2016 What: Shares of Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide  jumped 21% last month, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Anbang's Pursuit of Starwood Always Faced High Hurdles - Wall Street JournalWestin Hotels &amp; Resorts Expands in Latin America with the Signing of the ... - Business Wire "
p4
aS'Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Becomes Oversold  Nasdaq - Sep 9, 2016 In trading on Friday, shares of Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 26.3, after changing hands as low as $74.03 per share.'
p5
aS"Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide Inc accepts sweetened US$13.6-billion ... Financial Post - Mar 21, 2016 Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide Inc, owner of the Sheraton and Westin hotel brands, agreed to a higher US$13.6-billion buyout offer from Marriott International Inc, spurning a proposal from China's Anbang Insurance Group.Marriott International And Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Sign Amended ... - PR Newswire Marriott Wins Starwood Hotels Support With Improved Takeover Offer - Bloomberg"
p6
aS"Shareholders approve sale of Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide Inc to ... Financial Post - Apr 8, 2016 NEW YORK - Marriott International has cleared one of its major hurdles on its journey to acquire rival Starwood and become the world's largest hotel chain.IT'S A DEAL: Marriott is buying Starwood Hotels for $12.4 billion - Business InsiderMarriott and Starwood Shareholders Approve Merger To Become World's Largest ... - Skift"
p7
aS"Starwood Hotels Plans to Accept Anbang's $13.2 Billion Bid Bloomberg - Mar 18, 2016 Other lodging stocks also rallied, with Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., the world's largest operator by room count, gaining 3.6 percent.Starwood gets $13 billion bid from Anbang, tops Marriott offer - ReutersStarwood Hotels &amp; Resorts' Eco-Savvy Element Brand Accelerates Growth in Texas ... - Business Wire "
p8
aS"Marriott International Reaffirms Its Commitment To Acquire Starwood Hotels ... PR Newswire  - Mar 28, 2016 BETHESDA, Md., March 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Marriott International, Inc.  today reaffirmed its commitment to acquire Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, Inc. , confident that the previously announced amended merger&nbsp;...China's Anbang raises offer for Starwood to $14 billion - ReutersStarwood Hotels bidding war escalates: China's Anbang offers $15 billion - Los Angeles Times"
p9
aS'Zacks Industry Outlook Highlights: Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide ... Nasdaq - Jul 22, 2016 Chicago, IL - July 22, 2016 - Today, Zacks Equity Research discusses the Hotels, part 3, including Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. , Marriott International, Inc. , Wyndham Worldwide Corp. , Expedia Inc.  and ...'
p10
a.