(lp0
S'Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. to Hold Conference Call to Discuss Year End 2016 ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner, operator and franchisor of multiple restaurant brands in the U.S.Investor Focus: Watching Shares of Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  - Searcy NewsStock Review &amp; Consensus Look at Key Energy Services, Inc. (NYSE:KEG ... - Davidson Register'
p1
aS'CHANTICLEER HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. is engaged in the business of owning, operating and franchising fast casual dining concepts domestically and internationally.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardChanticleer Holdings, Inc.  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News'
p2
aS'Chanticleer Holdings Launches Little Big Burger Franchise Opportunities Marketwired  - Mar 13, 2017 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner and operator of multiple restaurant brands in the U.S.'
p3
aS'Chanticleer Holdings Inc : Turning Down The Fire Smarter Analyst - May 21, 2015 Chanticleer Holdings Inc  has recently been scorching hot. Yet its business plan is so cold, it could have frozen the raunchy wit right off legendary sex symbol Mae West.Chanticleer Holdings : Turning Out The Fire - CNA Finance '
p4
aS'Goldman Small Cap Research Issues Research Report on Chanticleer Holdings Inc. Yahoo Finance - Oct 11, 2016 BALTIMORE, MD / ACCESSWIRE / October 11, 2016 / Goldman Small Cap Research, a stock market research firm specializing in the small cap and microcap sectors, announced today that it has released a new research report on Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.'
p5
aS"Chanticleer Holdings Inc.: Chanticleer Holdings' Little Big Burger To Open ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 15, 2017 Charlotte, NC - February 14, 2017 - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner and operator of multiple restaurant brands internationally and domestically, today announced that its better burger concept, Little ..."
p6
aS'Chanticleer Holdings Closes Acquisition of Better Burger Concept BGR: The ... Marketwired  - Mar 18, 2015 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner and operator of multiple restaurant brands internationally and domestically, announced today that it closed on&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Chanticleer Holdings' BGR the Burger Joint to Open Franchise Location in Oman Marketwired  - Oct 3, 2016 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner and operator of multiple restaurant brands internationally and domestically, today announced that its better burger&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Chanticleer Holdings to Open 7th American Burger Co. Location in Charlotte, NC Marketwired  - Sep 15, 2016 CHARLOTTE, NC-- - Chanticleer Holdings, Inc.  , owner, operator and franchisor of multiple branded restaurants in the U.S.'
p9
aS"Chanticleer Holdings Inc  in the Spotlight After Gaining 7.69% Business Review - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of Chanticleer Holdings Inc  have seen strong upward momentum over the past week as they have moved higher 7.69% over the past five sessions, placing them on this week's winners list."
p10
a.