(lp0
S'Cover story: Are emerging markets the next wildcard investment? Fund Strategy - Apr 20, 2016 Famously Warren Buffett once said that when it comes to investing be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.'
p1
aS'Pacific Investments launches new offering in commercial foreign exchange FX-MM - Apr 30, 2012 Digby is joined on the advisory board by Sir John Beckwith and Jim Pettigrew, the former CFO of ICAP plc and currently a non-executive director of Aberdeen Asset Management and Hermes. Argentex offers a distinct and innovative ... Pacific Investments ...'
p2
aS'Royal Mail rivals DPD and Hermes step up parcel delivery competition Financial Times - Feb 8, 2016 The expansion illustrates the large investments pouring into infrastructure in the parcel industry as shoppers shift en masse to ecommerce.'
p3
aS'Five experts reveal the funds they are buying for their Isa Telegraph.co.uk - Mar 10, 2016 For Asia, Mr Willis has chosen Hermes Asia Ex Japan Equity and Stewart Investors Asia Pacific Leaders. The rest of his Isa is split between JP Morgan US Equity Income, Jupiter Japan Income and First State Global Listed Infrastructure.'
p4
aS'National Grid to sell 61% of gas business to Sino-Australian group Financial Times - Dec 8, 2016 Allianz Capital Partners, UK asset manager Hermes Investment Management and the Qatar Investment Authority are also part of the consortium, along with Amber Infrastructure and Dalmore Capital, two UK fund managers.Clifford Chance and Linklaters advise on 13.8bn National Grid purchase - The Lawyer '
p5
aS'Preview: JD Sports set to provide the action on a quiet day Proactive Investors UK - Jun 16, 2016 On a quiet day for company news, JD Sports Fashion PLC  looked set to provide the only corporate action with its annual general meeting.'
p6
aS"Fund profile: Hermes Global Emerging Markets Money Observer - Sep 11, 2015 This has much to do with the expertise of Gary Greenberg, who has managed the fund since its inception and who brings over 20 years' experience of investing in emerging markets to the portfolio. Greenberg also adds a sustainable edge to the fund, as he&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"The perfect equity funds for 2017's headwinds and tailwinds FE Trustnet - Feb 29, 2016 Investment professionals tell FE Trustnet which events could sway markets this year and which funds are best positioned to either benefit from or protect against them."
p8
aS'Next generation of star fund managers: six names tipped to shine Money Observer - Dec 19, 2016 Interactive Investor is 21 years old. To celebrate, our top journalists and the great and the good of the City have written a series of articles discussing some of the changes in the investment world over the past 21 years, and what the future might ...'
p9
aS"Schroders posts fund inflows before AGM protest Financial Times - Apr 28, 2016 Three shareholder advisory groups - Institutional Shareholder Services, Glass Lewis, and Pension &amp; Investment Research Consultants - are recommending votes at the AGM starting at 11.30am against Mr Dobson's move.Emerging Markets Back in Favor Lifts Schroders Assets to Record - Bloomberg"
p10
a.