(lp0
S"Idaho Wants to Pay Millions For This HP Inc. Campus Fortune - Mar 16, 2017 HP Inc.'s big campus in Boise, Idaho may become the new home for that state's tax office. Idaho governor C.L. Butch Otter said Thursday that his administration plans to negotiate with HP to buy the huge Boise campus for roughly $110 million, plus an ...Idaho wants to buy HP's entire Boise campus for $110 million, move agencies there - Idaho StatesmanIdaho Is Seeking To Buy HP's Boise Campus For $110 Million - CRN"
p1
aS'HP Inc. Challenges Tech Industry to Improve E-Waste Recycling Efforts waste360 - Mar 14, 2017 HP Inc. Challenges Tech Industry to Improve E-Waste Recycling Efforts. Recycling of electronics is a complex task, but increased transparency could offer a potential solution to the growing problem.'
p2
aS'HP Inc. Challenges Tech Industry to Come Clean About Electronics Recycling Sustainable Brands - Mar 13, 2017 According to environmental non-profit Basel Action Network , electronics recycling may not be quite as straightforward as consumers believe.'
p3
aS'HP Ink says ink sales are down but PC sales are up, up, up! The Register - Feb 23, 2017 HP Inc has reported its first quarter results with a highlight being increased sales and revenue for PCs, but a dip for printer-related activities.HP Inc posts Q1 sales rise - Office Products International HP Inc. Can Thank Personal Computers for Lifting Sales - Fortune'
p4
aS'HP Inc. Gets Lift From Stabilizing PC Market Fortune - Feb 22, 2017 HP Inc, which houses the hardware business of former Hewlett-Packard, reported a 3.6% rise in quarterly revenue, largely helped by a stabilizing PC market.HP Inc.  Earnings &amp; Revenues Surpass Estimates in Q1 - Nasdaq'
p5
aS"How HP Inc. Stock Gained 15% in February Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 The biggest surprise in these diverging paths is that HP Inc.'s strong results did not come from its semi-corporate printing division."
p6
aS'Is It Finally Time to Buy HP Inc. Stock? Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 Shares of HP  jumped 9% on Feb. 23, after the PC and printer vendor posted a solid first quarter report. Revenue rose 4% annually to $12.7 billion, beating expectations by $850 million.'
p7
aS'HP Inc.  Poised for Long-Term Growth Despite Risks Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 One such stock that investors need to hold on to right now is HP Inc. HPQ . Though there are a few concerns, these are short lived and the stock has the potential to perform well in the long run.'
p8
aS'HP Inc. Delivers Powerful Commercial Detachable and Versatile Accessories to ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 26, 2017 BARCELONA, SPAIN-- - At Mobile World Congress 2017, HP Inc.  today announced a dynamic new commercial 2-in-1 detachable along with a range of innovative accessories that empower people to work&nbsp;...HP Inc unveils commercial detachable and accessories to its Mobility Lineup - Deccan Chronicle'
p9
aS"HP Inc. shares get a bump after surprisingly good Q1 earnings report Silicon Valley Business Journal - Feb 23, 2017 Shares of PC and printer maker HP Inc. were up more than 8 percent in mid-day trading Thursday, after the company r eported first-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street's expectations."
p10
a.