(lp0
S'Analyst Recommendations And Earnings Forecast: Horizon Global Corporation (HZN ... Post Analyst - Mar 17, 2017 Horizon Global Corporation  has made its way to a 12-month gain of 21.92%. Turning to INSYS Therapeutics, Inc. , its shares were trading at $10.06 a retreat of $-0.49, on the trading floor. The stock, after opening at $10.46, touched ...'
p1
aS"Horizon Fights Par Pharma's Generic Of Urine Disorder Drug Law360  - Jul 1, 2016 Horizon Therapeutics Inc. claims Par Pharmaceutical Inc. infringed its three Ravicti patents when it applied for an abbreviated new drug application with the Food and Drug Administration."
p2
aS'New Drugs for Insys Therapeutics Inc  and Horizon Pharma PLC Lead ... Smarter Analyst - Jul 6, 2016 Healthcare companies Insys Therapeutics Inc  and Horizon Pharma PLC  both received bullish sentiments from analysts this past week.INSYS Therapeutics  Jumps on FDA Approval of Cannabis-based Drug - Economic CalendarInsys Therapeutics  Stock Soars on FDA Approval - TheStreet.com'
p3
aS"Buzz Stocks: Sears Holdings Corp, Horizon Pharma PLC, and Voyager Therapeutics Inc Schaeffers Research  - Dec 8, 2016 U.S. stock futures are trading above fair value, following the European Central Bank's  latest policy decision. Among specific equities in focus today are retail stock Sears Holdings Corp , as well as drugmakers Horizon Pharma PLC&nbsp;...Horizon Pharma slumps as Friedreich's ataxia drug Phase III trial fails - The Pharma Letter "
p4
aS'BUZZ-US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Intel, Horizon, Gordmans, Sunworks Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 [nL3N1GQ3OY] ** OSIRIS THERAPEUTICS INC &lt;OSIR.O&gt;, $4.25, -18.27 pct The regenerative medicine developer said on Friday it received a letter from the Nasdaq notifying that its stock will be suspended from trading on March 14.US STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Intel, Kronos, Aethlon, Aralez, Ciber - Times of India'
p5
aS'Flexion Therapeutics Inc Realized Volatility Hits A Lowered Level CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a proprietary realized volatility rating created by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of data interactions for Flexion Therapeutics Inc  . We examine the little used gem of daily stock volatility over a ...'
p6
aS"Horizon Discovery Group inks 'significant' reference standards deal Proactive Investors UK - Mar 14, 2017 Chris Claxton, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Horizon Discovery Group PLC  talks to Proactive about the company entering into an agreement with an unnamed global molecular diagnostics provider to&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"OilPrice.com: The Next Big Biotech Breakthrough Could Just be on the Horizon PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 A comment that sent Amicus Therapeutics Inc. stocks jump 17%, trading more than three times the average volume, after Trump used the CEO's daughter as a case study during his address to Congress."
p8
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Juno Therapeutics Inc Realized Volatility Hits A ... CML News - 17 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Juno Therapeutics Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at an escalated level.'
p9
aS"Analyst Activity  Mizuho Lowers Its Price Target On Horizon Pharma PLC ... Market Exclusive - Feb 28, 2017 Horizon Pharma plc, formerly Vidara Therapeutics International Public Limited Company, is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on identifying, developing, acquiring or in-licensing and commercializing differentiated products. It markets&nbsp;...Horizon Pharma Dips On 2017 View Despite 'Nothing Alarming' In Q4 - Investor's Business DailyHorizon  Misses on Earnings in Q4, View Disappoints - Yahoo Finance"
p10
a.