(lp0
S"Henry Schein, Inc. Named As A 2017 World's Most Ethical Company By The ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 MELVILLE, N.Y., March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. , the world's largest provider of products and services to office-based dental, animal health, and medical practitioners, has been recognized by the Ethisphere Institute,&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Henry Schein Announces Line-Up of Solutions and Events at Chicago Midwinter ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 #ScheinChats, a Social Media Series Exclusively Available Via Facebook Live, Featured Daily, Including a Discussion with Stanley M. Bergman, Henry Schein, Inc. and Dean Kenneth Chance, Case Western Reserve University School of Dental Medicine,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Henry Schein Announces New Solutions And Events Designed To Make The Delivery ... PR Newswire  - Nov 22, 2016 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. today announced a range of new solutions and events, to be featured during the Greater New York Dental Meeting, designed to help oral health professionals operate a more productive practice and more&nbsp;...Market Mover  Henry Schein, Inc.'s  - Hot Stocks Point"
p3
aS"Henry Schein To Acquire Southern Anesthesia + Surgical PR Newswire  - Feb 20, 2017 MELVILLE, N.Y., Feb. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. , the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health, and medical practitioners, today announced that it has entered ...Henry Schein Inc. Reveals 9% Advance In Q4 Profit - NasdaqHenry Schein agrees to buy surgical supplies distributor - Newsday"
p4
aS"Henry Schein Completes Acquisition Of A Majority Interest In Dental Cremer PR Newswire  - Jan 17, 2017 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. , the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners, today announced it has completed the acquisition of a ..."
p5
aS"Henry Schein, Inc.  Is The Sponsor Of This Year's Senior Dental ... Traders350 - Mar 14, 2017 Henry Schein, Inc. , one of the Best NASDAQ Stock, has taken to sponsor the 11th annual Senior Dental Leaders Program which happens to be a worldwide movement advocating for impacting of lives.Henry Schein, Inc.  Shares Sold by Putnam Investments LLC - Chaffey BreezeFirst Republic Investment Management Inc. Sells 24 Shares of Henry Schein, Inc ... - BNB Daily "
p6
aS"Henry Schein Enters Brazilian Animal Health Market With Investment In Tecnew PR Newswire  - Jan 23, 2017 MELVILLE, N.Y., Jan. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. , the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners, today announced a 51 percent ownership&nbsp;...Henry Schein acquires stake in Brazilian pet products firm - Newsday"
p7
aS"Henry Schein to Present at the 2017 Barclays Global Healthcare Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 MELVILLE, N.Y., March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. , the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners, announced today that Stanley M. Bergman ...Insider Trading Activity Henry Schein, Inc.   Director Sold 4334 ... - Market Exclusive"
p8
aS'Henry Schein Awards Henry Schein Cares Gold Medal To Volunteers In Medicine ... PR Newswire  - Mar 10, 2017 Henry Schein, Inc. has awarded its Henry Schein Cares Medals in the Medical category. L-R: Brad Connett and Bridget Ross of Henry Schein; Arthur Peisner and Ilana Steinhauer of gold medalist Volunteers in Medicine Berkshires; Rusty Curington and Mike&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Henry Schein Names Bridget A. Ross To Lead Global Medical Group PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2017 MELVILLE, N.Y., Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. , the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health, and medical practitioners, announced today that Bridget A. Ross ...CareCredit, Henry Schein Financial Services Complete Multi-Year Agreement - Sleep ReviewHenry Schein hires new leader for medical segment - ModernHealthcare.com"
p10
a.