(lp0
S"Hershey Co. adding jobs at Virginia factory Central Penn Business Journal - Mar 16, 2017 The Hershey Co. plans to make a multi-million dollar investment in new machinery at a factory in Virginia, creating 69 new jobs.Hershey Company announces nearly 70 new jobs in Stuarts Draft - WHSVMore jobs headed to Draft's Hershey plant - Staunton News Leader"
p1
aS'Facing soft chocolate sales, Hershey Co. appoints chief growth officer Philly.com - Mar 13, 2017 Bolstering efforts to diversify, the Hershey Co. appointed Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief growth officer.Hershey Co. Appoints Mary West as Chief Growth Officer - Powder Bulk SolidsThe Hershey Company Announces Mary Beth West as Chief Growth Officer - GlobeNewswire '
p2
aS"Hershey Co. to launch new Reese's product Central Penn Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 The move also seems to fit in with the new growth strategy announced earlier this month by new Hershey Co. CEO Michele Buck.Hershey's unveils new Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, ending the #Cupspiracy - PennLive.comHershey's new Reese's Cup 'crushes it!' - Lebanon Daily News"
p3
aS'BRIEF-Hershey Co appoints Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief ... Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 BRIEF-Hershey Co appoints Mary Beth West as senior vice president and chief growth officer. March 13 Hershey Co. * Hershey co - appointment of Mary Beth West as its new senior vice president and chief growth officer. * Hershey co - West will join ...'
p4
aS"Hershey to retrench its international business, warns of low sales growth Philly.com - Mar 1, 2017 But Hershey will face fierce competitors such as Mondelez International, Pepsico, and Mars once it steps outside the chocolate and candy sectors, and it doesn't have a track record of diversifying into new categories.Hershey restructuring could cut 15 percent of workforce - Chicago TribuneHershey Layoffs: Hershey Co  to Cut 2000+ Jobs - Investorplace.com"
p5
aS"The Hershey Company: Don't Bet On The China Market For Growth Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2017 One company we've been keeping an eye on in the last couple of years is The Hershey Company . Following a slowdown in sales in its key North American market, the confectionary giant looked overseas for growth.Analyst Upgrades  Hershey Company   Stock Gets Upgraded By ... - Market ExclusiveAnalyst's Ratings Review: Hershey Co  - Post Registrar"
p6
aS"Hershey Co. new CEO could earn $7M in salary, incentives LancasterOnline - Feb 24, 2017 The Hershey Co.'s new president and chief executive officer will earn a seven-figure base salary and be eligible for a pair of seven-figure incentives, lifting her potential total compensation above $7 million.Incoming Hershey Co. CEO Names Executive Leadership Team - Powder Bulk SolidsBuck names executive team at Hershey - Central Penn Business Journal"
p7
aS"Hershey Company Expands Stuarts Draft, Virginia, Operations Center Area Development Online - Mar 15, 2017 The Hershey Company's most recent production expansion at its operation in Augusta County is a tremendous testament to the Commonwealth's competitive business climate, infrastructure and dedicated workforce, said Governor Terry McAuliffe.Hershey to expand Stuarts Draft operation - Virginia Business Magazine"
p8
aS'The Hershey Company Continues to Lead the Easter Season With Innovative New ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 14, 2017 HERSHEY, Pa., March 14, 2017  -- The Hershey Company  announces its line-up of new products and classic treats for the Easter season.'
p9
aS"China Orders Hershey Plant Closed Over US Missiles Investopedia - Mar 10, 2017 Hershey's, which controls 50% of the joint venture, has struggled with its initiative to expand internationally. In China specifically, distribution and payment collection problems marred the company's 2014 acquisition of Shanghai Golden Monkey. Over ...China Shuts Hershey-Lotte Plant in Latest Missile-Spat Move - BloombergChinese officials suspend production at Hershey plant in China over dispute ... - LancasterOnline"
p10
a.