(lp0
S'Why Hatteras Financial Corp Stock Jumped Today Motley Fool - Apr 11, 2016 Under the terms of the merger agreement, Hatteras Financial Corp shareholders can elect to receive one of the following forms of compensation for their shares.Annaly Capital Management, Inc. to Acquire Hatteras Financial Corp. for $1.5 ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS'Annaly Capital Management, Inc. Completes Exchange Offer for Hatteras ... Yahoo Finance - Jul 12, 2016 Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  , announced today that it has completed the previously announced exchange offer for all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Hatteras Financial Corp.  . The exchange offer to&nbsp;...Annaly  Closes $1.5B Acquisition of Hatteras Financial - Zacks.com'
p2
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp.  Terminates Agreement With Atlantic Capital Market Exclusive - Jul 13, 2016 Hatteras Financial Corp.  has announced the termination of a management agreement with Atlantic Capital Advisors LLC.'
p3
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Pingora ... Business Wire  - Jun 24, 2015 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----Hatteras Financial Corp.   today announced that it has entered into a definitive purchase agreement to acquire Pingora Asset Management, LLC &nbsp;...Hatteras Financial  to Buy Pingora Asset Management and Pingora Loan ... - StreetInsider.com'
p4
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Announces Hires Business Wire  - Jun 4, 2014 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----Hatteras Financial Corp.   today announced that Michael Nardacci and Kent Willard have joined the management team at Onslow Bay Financial LLC ,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Declares Short Period Dividend on Shares of Common ... Business Wire  - Jul 1, 2016 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement by and between Hatteras Financial Corp.  , Annaly Capital Management, Inc.   and Ridgeback Merger&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Which Analysts Are Watching Hatteras Financial Corp ? Fiscal Standard - 14 hours ago 02/18/2016 - Hatteras Financial Corp had its neutral rating reiterated by analysts at Compass Point. They now have a USD 16.5 price target on the stock.'
p7
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Announces Acquisition of Pingora Asset Management and ... Business Wire  - Aug 31, 2015 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----Hatteras Financial Corp.   today announced the completion of its acquisition of Pingora Asset Management, LLC  and Pingora Loan Servicing,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Hatteras Financial acquires Pingora Asset Management HousingWire - Jun 25, 2015 Hatteras Financial , a real estate investment trust, announced the acquisition of Pingora Asset Management and Pingora Loan Servicing, a specialized asset manager focused on investing in new production performing mortgage servicing rights and&nbsp;...Denver's Pingora Asset Management to be sold to North Carolina investment firm - Denver Business Journal"
p9
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Announces Appointment of Vicki McElreath to its Board ... Business Wire  - May 21, 2014 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----Hatteras Financial Corp.   today announced the appointment of Vicki W. McElreath to its board of directors effective June 1, 2014, subject to re-election at the next annual&nbsp;...'
p10
a.