(lp0
S'Analyst Predictions Are In For iBio, Inc.  magicJack VocalTec Ltd ... Rives Journal - 54 minutes ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of iBio, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00.'
p1
aS'iBio, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 iBio, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p2
aS'iBio, Inc.  Receives Favorable Court Ruling in Fraunhofer USA Litigation StreetInsider.com - Aug 4, 2016 iBio, Inc.  announced that the Delaware Court of Chancery, where litigation brought by iBio against Fraunhofer USA Inc. has been pending, issued a decisive determination on July 29, 2016, in favor of iBio and against Fraunhofer.'
p3
aS'iBio, Inc. , Eastern Capital Enter JV to Develop Plant-Made Pharmaceuticals StreetInsider.com - Jan 14, 2016 iBio, Inc.  announced the formation of a joint venture with affiliates of Eastern Capital Limited  to develop and manufacture plant-made pharmaceuticals.iBio Forms Joint Venture CMO for Large-Scale Pharmaceuticals Manufacturing in ... - CNNMoney'
p4
aS'Buy or Sell iBio, Inc.  TAL Education Group ? Analysts ... Rives Journal - Mar 17, 2017 Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of iBio, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00.'
p5
aS'What Happened to Ibio Inc  MicroCap Daily - May 17, 2015 Ibio Inc  continues to make higher highs and higher lows since reversing off $0.50 lows in February. The stock made a spectacular move up in October of last year after IBIO offered to assist the U.S.'
p6
aS'iBio, Inc. Receives FDA Orphan Drug Designation for Fibrosis Product Candidate Yahoo Finance - Jul 5, 2016 NEW YORK, NY-- - iBio, Inc. , a leading provider of plant-based biotechnology for developing and manufacturing biological products, announced that the United States Food and Drug Administration  has&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'iBio, Inc.  Announces US Patent for Influenza Therapeutic StreetInsider.com - Aug 11, 2015 iBio, Inc.  received notice that its application for a U.S. patent for a monoclonal antibody targeting influenza is scheduled to result in issuance of a new patent on August 26.iBio  Climbs After Receiving US Patent - CNA Finance '
p8
aS'iBio Grants Caliber License for Production of Antibodies Targeting Ebola Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2014 NEWARK, DE-- - iBio, Inc.  and Caliber Biotherapeutics LLC executed an agreement, effective today, for an emergency use license to the iBioLaunch platform for production by Caliber of antibodies that ...'
p9
aS'iBio, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Market Exclusive - Feb 24, 2017 iBio, Inc. is a biotechnology company. The Company is focused on commercializing its technologies and product candidates and providing product development and manufacturing services to clients and collaborators.'
p10
a.