(lp0
S'International Bancshares Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - 18 hours ago International Bancshares Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.66% to close at $37.95.'
p1
aS"Forbes Magazine Ranks International Bancshares Corporation among Nation's Best Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 International Bancshares Corporation   has been ranked among the nation's best by business publishing giant Forbes magazine."
p2
aS'International Bancshares Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 International Bancshares Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 15, as the stock gained 0.13% to close at $37.30.Common Share Dividend Yield of International Bancshares Corporation  - Energy Index'
p3
aS"International Bancshares Corp  VP R David Guerra Sells 2500 Shares The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago International Bancshares Corp logo International Bancshares Corp  VP R David Guerra sold 2,500 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th.Investors Buzz: International Bancshares Corporation's  stock price is ... - WsNews 4investors"
p4
aS"IBC Bank earnings take a hit in 2016 San Antonio Business Journal - Feb 27, 2017 The parent company of IBC Bank, International Bancshares Corp. reported annual net income of nearly $134 million in 2016 down from about $137 million in 2015.INTERNATIONAL BANCSHARES CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Results of ... - Market ExclusiveProfit dips at IBC Bank's parent - mySanAntonio.com"
p5
aS'Several institutional investors buy more shares of IBC Bank San Antonio Business Journal - Feb 9, 2017 Several global investment firms are seeing value in the parent company of IBC Bank, International Bancshares Corp., according to documents on file with the U.S.'
p6
aS'news.cmlviz.com CML News - 18 hours ago Legal The information contained on this site is provided for general informational purposes, as a convenience to the readers. The materials are not a substitute for obtaining professional advice from a qualified person, firm or corporation. Consult the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Insider Trading at International Bancshares Corp? BBNS - Mar 16, 2017 Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest insider trades and other news for International Bancshares Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily insider trades newsletter.Basic Consolidated EPS Of International Bancshares Corporation (NASDAQ:IBOC ... - Equities Focus"
p8
aS'Stock Returns: First Merchants Corporation  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Merchants Corporation  versus International Bancshares Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Great Western Bancorp Inc  is Beating International ... CML News - Feb 18, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Great Western Bancorp Inc  versus International Bancshares Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.