(lp0
S'Emergent Capital Inc. MarketWatch - Feb 13, 2017 Emergent Capital Inc. OTC: EMGC. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p1
aS"Emergent Capital Announces Recapitalization with PJC Investments and ... PR Newswire  - Mar 16, 2017 BOCA RATON, Fla., March 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Emergent Capital, Inc.  announced today it has entered into separate agreements with PJC Investments, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, and approximately 91% of the Company's&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'EMERGENT CAPITAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 Emergent Capital, Inc., formerly Imperial Holdings, Inc., is a specialty finance company that invests in asset classes, primarily life settlements.'
p3
aS'Emergent Capital: Restructuring Provides Longer Runway To Realize Value Seeking Alpha - Jan 6, 2017 Emergent Capital  is an interesting company in a unique situation. It has no ongoing operations and simply holds a portfolio of life insurance settlement benefits.'
p4
aS"Emergent Capital Begins Trading on OTCQB Under Ticker Symbol EMGC PR Newswire  - Feb 3, 2017 BOCA RATON, Fla., Feb. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Emergent Capital, Inc.   announced today that its common stock will begin trading on the OTC Market Group's OTCQB Venture Market under the ticker symbol&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Emergent Capital Announces Conclusion of Investigation by US Attorney's Office PR Newswire  - Jan 4, 2016 BOCA RATON, Fla., Jan. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Emergent Capital, Inc.   announced today that the United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Hampshire  has concluded its investigation into former&nbsp;...Boca Raton finance company announces end of federal investigation - South Florida Business Journal"
p6
aS'Emergent Capital Announces Plans to Voluntarily Delist from NYSE and Trade its ... PR Newswire  - Jan 23, 2017 BOCA RATON, Fla., Jan. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Emergent Capital, Inc.   announced today that it intends to delist its common stock from the New York Stock Exchange  and trade on the OTC Marketplace&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Imperial Holdings Announces Name Change to Emergent Capital PR Newswire  - Aug 31, 2015 BOCA RATON, Fla., Aug. 31, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Imperial Holdings, Inc.  has changed its corporate name to Emergent Capital, Inc. and will begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol &quot;EMG&quot; at the start of trading&nbsp;...Boca Raton-based Imperial Holdings rebrands as Emergent Capital - South Florida Business Journal'
p8
aS'Form NT 10-K EMERGENT CAPITAL, INC. For: Dec 31 StreetInsider.com - Mar 17, 2017 As a result of the timeliness of the execution of the Agreements and limited internal resources at the Company, the Form 10-K cannot be completed without unreasonable effort or expense.'
p9
aS'Emergent Capital: A Viatical Settlement Company With 50%+ Upside And A Near ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 30, 2016 Emergent Capital  is a company that profits off death. Emergent buys life insurance policies from the elderly for a discount to the insurance value, pays the premiums for the remaining policy life, and collects when the insured person dies ...'
p10
a.