(lp0
S"Analyst Activity  Benchmark Co. Reiterates Buy on Internap Corp  Market Exclusive - Mar 12, 2017 Today, Benchmark Co. reiterated its Buy rating on Internap Corp  with a price target of $5.00. There are 1 hold rating, 4 buy ratings on the stock.Internap Corp  Receives Buy Rating from Benchmark Co. - BNB Daily The Internap Corp's  Buy Rating Reiterated at Benchmark Co. - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Internap Corp  Stock Gets Upgraded By Stifel ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Today, Internap Corp  stock received an upgrade by Stifel Nicolaus from Hold to Buy with a price target of $5.50.Internap Corp - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSThe Internap Corp  Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Strong ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"Here's Why Internap Corp  Shares Are Rising 23% Today Smarter Analyst - Feb 22, 2017 Internap Corp  investors cheer the news that the company has raised $43 million in a common equity private placement.Avenir Corp Picked Up Internap Corp  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive Internap Corp  Updates On Common Equity Private Placement - Journal Transcript"
p3
aS"Guess Who Just Picked Up Internap Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 1, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Internap Corp  reported that O'connor Global Multi-strategy Alpha Master Ltd.Internap Corp to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of  Per Share, DA Davidson ... - Community Financial NewsStock Returns: Internap Corporation  versus Synacor Inc  - CML News"
p4
aS'Internap Corp  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - Mar 17, 2017 Internap Corp logo Internap Corp  has received a consensus rating of Buy from the six ratings firms that are currently covering the company.The Internap Corp  Lifted to Buy at Stifel Nicolaus - Petro Global News 24Zacks Rank on Internap Corporation  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland Mirror'
p5
aS'Internap Corp  Lifted to Buy at Stifel Nicolaus Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Internap Corp logo Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of Internap Corp  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Friday, StockTargetPrices.Revenue Update on Internap Corp - Energy IndexThe Internap Corp  Upgraded to Buy at Stifel Nicolaus - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Internap Corp  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Chaffey Breeze - Mar 7, 2017 Internap Corp logo Internap Corp  will release its earnings data after the market closes on Thursday, March 9th.Internap Corp  Earns Buy Rating from Benchmark Co. - The Cerbat GemStock under Analysis: Internap Corporation  - StandardOracle'
p7
aS'Internap Corp  Pulls in Gains For the Week Business Review - Mar 15, 2017 Pushing higher over the last five sessions are shares of Internap Corp . The stock has risen 44.40% over that span, yielding profits for savvy traders.'
p8
aS'Internap Corp  Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus The Cerbat Gem - Mar 10, 2017 Internap Corp logo Internap Corp  was upgraded by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday.'
p9
aS"Unusual Volume Spikes For: Internap Corporation  HugoPress - Mar 14, 2017 Stifel Nicolaus Upgrades Internap Corporation 's stock to Buy with the price target of $5.5. This rating was issued on 3/10/17."
p10
a.