(lp0
S'Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal Bloomberg - Aug 31, 2016 Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., the maker of call-center software, has agreed to buy Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. in a deal valued at about $1.4 billion. Genesys will pay Interactive Intelligence holders $60.50 a share in cash, the&nbsp;...Competitor snaps up Interactive Intelligence in $1.4B deal - Indianapolis Business JournalCall-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS"Why Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Soared Today Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 What: Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group  soared on Tuesday following the company's second-quarter report."
p2
aS"Why Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. Soared Today Motley Fool - Feb 2, 2016 What: Shares of cloud software and services provider Interactive Intelligence Group  soared on Tuesday following the company's fourth-quarter earnings report. Interactive Intelligence beat analyst estimates for both revenue and earnings,&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Danger Zone: Interactive Intelligence Group Inc  ValueWalk - Jun 14, 2016 In fact, ININ was once a profitable business, and it grew economic earnings, the true cash flows of the business, throughout 2000-2010.'
p4
aS'Interactive Intelligence in merger talks with Genesys, sources say Indianapolis Business Journal - Aug 9, 2016 Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., the maker of call-center software, is in early talks to acquire Indianapolis-based competitor Interactive Intelligence Group Inc., people with knowledge of the matter said. Genesys, which received a $900 ...'
p5
aS'Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best ... PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 NEW YORK, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WeissLaw LLP is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of Interactive Intelligence Group Inc.  in connection with the ...'
p6
aS'Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. Drop 12% on Tuesday Motley Fool - Jan 12, 2016 What: Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group , a provider of contact center automation, unified communications, and business process automation software and services, slumped on Tuesday on no company-specific news. At 2:45 p.m. ET&nbsp;...Interactive Intelligence to Announce 2015 Fourth-Quarter Financial Results - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Interactive Intelligence Posts Solid Results As Genesys Buyout Looms Motley Fool - Nov 6, 2016 Dealing with quarterly results is always awkward after a company received a buyout offer, and cloud-computing company Interactive Intelligence  is in that position following the $1.4 billion acquisition offer it received from Genesys in ...'
p8
aS'Interactive Intelligence shares soar after Reuters report Indianapolis Business Journal - Jul 29, 2016 Shares in Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. jumped nearly 20 percent Friday after Reuters reported that the Indianapolis-based software firm was exploring strategic alternatives, including a potential sale.This Call Center Software Maker Might Be Looking for a Buyer - Fortune'
p9
aS'Merger dance between Interactive Intelligence, suitor started in 2012 Indianapolis Business Journal - Sep 21, 2016 Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. and its soon-to-be acquirer, Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., had been feeling each other out and chewing over offers since 2012, with Genesys pitching escalating buyouts at $38 a share, $47 a share and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.