(lp0
S'Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. And Intersections Inc. Announce Expansion Of ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 CHANTILLY, Va., Feb. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Intersections Inc. , a leading provider of identity risk management and privacy protection services for consumers, announces an expanded partnership with Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.  for&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Intersections Inc. Adds Melvin R. Seiler to its Board PR Newswire  - Feb 13, 2017 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Intersections Inc. , a leading provider of identity risk management and privacy protection services for consumers, today announced that Melvin R. Seiler has been appointed to its Board of Directors effective ...Intersections  Names Melvin Seiler to Board of Directors - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'Intersections Inc. INTX  Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 News Intersections Inc.INTX. Significant News Only. 02/21/17; Press Release. Intersections Inc. Sells Captira Analytical, LLC.'
p3
aS'Intersections Inc.  to Release Earnings on Monday The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago Intersections logo Intersections Inc.  is scheduled to release its earnings data on Monday, March 20th. Earnings History for Intersections .Intersections Inc.  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday - Chaffey BreezeIntersections, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Intersections Inc. Adds John H. Lewis to Its Board PR Newswire  - Oct 15, 2015 CHANTILLY, Va., Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Intersections Inc. , a leading provider of identity risk management, privacy protection and other subscription based services for consumers, today announced that John H. Lewis, the Founder&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Identity Guard by Intersections Inc. Launches Privacy Now, The First IBM ... PR Newswire  - Oct 24, 2016 &quot;We are extremely proud to partner with IBM for the development of Privacy Now,&quot; said Johan Roets, Identity Guard President and COO of Intersections. &quot;By leveraging Watson's cognitive computing technology with proprietary technologies by Privacy&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Like LifeLock, Intersections Inc. Is Falling Apart Seeking Alpha - Aug 1, 2015 Intersections Inc.  is a small consumer services firm which specializes in data monitoring and protection. The company has been in turmoil for years as it steadily loses customers.'
p7
aS'Intersections Inc.  announces launch of Voyce PR Newswire  - Dec 16, 2014 16, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Intersections Inc.  announces that i4C Innovations Inc., its wholly owned subsidiary will begin offering Voyce - the unprecedented wearable technology health and wellness experience for dogs and their pet ...'
p8
aS'INTERSECTIONS INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Feb 15, 2017 On February 8, 2017, the Board of Directors of Intersections Inc.  appointed Melvin R. Seiler to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors effective February 14, 2017.Intersections, Inc.  Analyst Recommendation - NewsDen'
p9
aS'Intersections Inc. Announces Acquisition of Health at Work Actuaries LLC Business Wire  - Mar 5, 2015 CHANTILLY, Va.----Intersections Inc.  announced today the acquisition by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Intersections Insurance Services, Inc., of substantially all of the assets of Health at Work Actuaries LLC.'
p10
a.