(lp0
S"International Paper: Undervalued With Catalysts Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 International Paper's  recent pullback has the stock at an oversold level and bargain valuation. I think the stock is poised to increase due to the low valuation.Shares of International Paper Company  Sees Large Outflow of Money - Energy IndexStock Alert: International Paper Company  - TopChronicle"
p1
aS"IP earns global recognition Memphis Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 Congratulations to everyone at International Paper for being recognized as a World's Most Ethical Company.&quot; International Paper operates in North America, Latin America, Europe, North Africa, Asia and Russia. The company employs 55,000 people across&nbsp;...Milliken &amp; Co. makes world's most ethical list for 11th consecutive year - Upstate Business Journal"
p2
aS'International Paper: Long-Term Outlook Remains Promising Seeking Alpha - Feb 4, 2017 The tumble in the share price is not as bad as the one International Paper experienced in 2009 when, like so many other firms during the Great Recession, the Memphis-based company was compelled to cut its dividend. Indeed, the dividend was cut from&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'International Paper Company  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Feb 10, 2017 International Paper Company  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.463 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.Investor Research Report on International Paper Company  - FactsReporterBarclays PLC Downgrades International Paper Company  to Underweight - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS'Insider Trading Activity International Paper Co   insider Sold 18060 ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 International Paper Company  is a paper and packaging company with primary markets and manufacturing operations in North America, Europe, Latin America, Russia, Asia, Africa and the Middle East.Impact of Brokerage Rating on International Paper Company  - Money Flow Index & TrendsInternational Paper Co /new/  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : John V Sims ... - Energy Index'
p5
aS'International Paper India Announces Leadership Changes Indiainfoline - Feb 22, 2017 International Paper Co  announced on Wednesday that Mr. Rampraveen Swaminathan, President - International Paper India and Chairman &amp; Managing Director of International Paper APPM Limited has decided to leave the Company to pursue his&nbsp;...International Paper India President Swaminathan resigns - India Today'
p6
aS'Consensus Earnings Estimate for International Paper Company Energy Index - Mar 10, 2017 International Paper Company Indepth Earnings, EPS and Estimated Revenue Guidance give detailed picture on the performance.'
p7
aS'Packaging &amp; Containers Stocks Under Scanner -- Graphic Packaging ... PR Newswire  - Mar 8, 2017 This Wednesday, Stock-Callers.com has initiated reports coverage on the following Packaging &amp; Containers equities: Graphic Packaging Holding Company , International Paper Company , Owens-Illinois Inc. , and WestRock&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: International Paper , Weyerhaeuser  StockNewsJournal - Mar 7, 2017 International Paper Company  plunged -3.09% with the closing price of $52.33. The overall volume in the last trading session was 3.23 million shares.'
p9
aS'Indicator Level Summary for International Paper Co  SKV News - 17 hours ago Investors may be looking at some different technical levels in order to get a better grasp on the markets. Presently, the 14-day ADX for International Paper Co  is 16.64. In general, an ADX value from 0-25 would signal an absent or weak trend. A ...'
p10
a.