(lp0
S'Hongkong Meisheng Culture Picked Jakks Pacific Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 17, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Jakks Pacific Inc.  reported that Hongkong Meisheng Culture Co Ltd.JAKKS Pacific  Sells $19.3M of Common Stock to JV Partner Meisheng - StreetInsider.comJAKKS PACIFIC, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Toymaker Jakks Pacific Renews Disney Deal Los Angeles Business Journal - Mar 7, 2017 Santa Monica toy company Jakks Pacific Inc. announced Monday it had renewed a multi-year licensing agreement for more than 50 Walt Disney Co.JAKKS Pacific to Present at the Annual ROTH Conference on March 13th - Yahoo FinanceJAKKS Pacific Renews Licensing Agreement with Disney Consumer Products for ... - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Option Market Alert: JAKKS Pacific Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Amplified Level CML News - 17 hours ago No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that JAKKS Pacific Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.MF Rank Review for JAKKS Pacific, Inc.  - The HeraldPEG Ratio Of JAKKS Pacific, Inc.  At 0.89 - Equities Focus'
p3
aS"Technical Levels in View For JAKKS Pacific Inc  Baxter Review - 22 hours ago Let's take a look at some recent technical levels on shares of JAKKS Pacific Inc . The current 14-day RSI is noted at 58.49, the 7-day is 67.17, and the 3-day is seen at 80.38."
p4
aS'Margins improve at JAKKS Pacific despite tough December Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 &quot;Several of our key licensed products, including some tied to motion pictures, experienced surprising sales weakness in December, resulting in sales that were only modestly higher than a year ago,&quot; notes CEO Stephen Berman.JAKKS Pacific Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire '
p5
aS'JAKKS Pacific announces some debt retirement Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 JAKKS Pacific  announces that the company has agreed to exchange convertible senior notes due in 2018 with a face amount of $27.59M for 2.0M shares of its common stock and approximately $17.1M in cash.'
p6
aS"Important Detailed Discussion about JAKKS Pacific, Inc.'s  stock price ... Hot Stocks Point - 4 hours ago USA based company, JAKKS Pacific, Inc. 's latest closing price distance was at -20.67% from the average-price of 200 days while it maintained a distance from the 50 Day Moving Average at 8.86% and 8.70% compared with the 20 Day Moving&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Jakks Pacific Said to Suspend Toy Sales to Kmart Wall Street Journal - Oct 20, 2016 Toy maker Jakks Pacific Inc. has suspended sales of its products to Sears Holding Corp.'s Kmart chain over worries about its financial health, according to people familiar with the matter.Has Jakks Pacific Dropped Sears Holdings? Will Other Toy Makers Follow? - TheStreet.com"
p8
aS"Getting JAKKed Up Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 JAKKs Pacific  is a name I have covered only as a side note to its competition over the last few years. In prior work I ... I take this to mean those strong deals the company has in the toy cycle for popular toys aren't selling very well ...Piper Jaffray Cos. Downgrades Jakks Pacific Inc.  to Neutral - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS"JAKKS Pacific signs licensing dealwith Warner Bros. Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 We're excited that Warner Bros. Consumer Products, with DC Entertainment, have chosen JAKKS to partner on the all-new DC Super Hero Girls franchise, says JAKKS exec Jill Nordquist. The company says the DC Super Hero Girls line will be available at&nbsp;...JAKKS Pacific and Warner Bros. Consumer Products Join Forces on a Global ... - Business Wire "
p10
a.