(lp0
S"The full list of 138 JC Penney stores closing around the US The Boston Globe - Mar 17, 2017 SOURCE: J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Related. The full list of Macy's store closings. Matt Rocheleau can be reached at matthew.JC Penney Stock Plunges 84% in 5 Years - 24/7 Wall St.JC Penney to close one Missouri store - St. Louis Business Journal"
p1
aS'Full list of 138 JCPenney stores to close this year myfox8.com - 23 hours ago As part of a continuing effort to advance sustainable growth and long-term profitability, J. C. Penney Company, Inc. will be closing 138 stores, one supply chain facility in Lakeland, Fla., and relocating one supply chain facility in Buena Park, Calif ...'
p2
aS"JCPenney Stays Open In Springfield KTTS - 4 hours ago J. C. Penney Company, Inc.  today announced it is implementing a plan to optimize its national retail operations as part of the Company's successful return to profitability.All UP JCPenney stores set to close by June - ABC 10 News NOW"
p3
aS'JCPenney to close 138 stores, including some in the Mid-South wreg.com - 22 hours ago As part of a continuing effort to advance sustainable growth and long-term profitability, J. C. Penney Company, Inc. will be closing 138 stores, one supply chain facility in Lakeland, Fla., and relocating one supply chain facility in Buena Park, Calif ...JCPenney stores in Corinth, Oxford closing - Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal'
p4
aS'JC Penney closing three stores in Nebraska knopnews2 - Mar 17, 2017 ... company said approximately 25 associates will be impacted at the North Platte location and expected to close in Mid-June.NP JCPenney slated to shut down this summer - North Platte Telegraph'
p5
aS'JC Penney: Grinding Out Value Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Comparable store sales were flat in 2016 and guidance is currently for more of the same in 2017. J.C. Penney can add value to its shares through maintaining near $1 billion EBITDA and reducing debt by a couple hundred million per year.JC Penney Company Inc  Unveils Home Services Expansion Plan - Market ExclusiveJC Penney launching Home Services to capitalize on housing market, lower ... - MarketWatch'
p6
aS"Better Buy: JC Penney Company Inc vs. Kohl's Corporation Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 While Kohl's is in a stronger position than J.C. Penney as the company has been consistently profitable, Kohl's is still facing the same headwinds.JC Penney  Tops Q4 Earnings, Unveils Strategic Plans - Zacks.comMonday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc.  and JC Penney ... - Investorplace.com"
p7
aS'Sheridan JC Penneys to close Wyoming Business Report - 19 hours ago As part of a continuing effort to advance sustainable growth and long-term profitability, J.C. Penney Company, Inc. will be closing 138 stores, one supply chain facility in Lakeland, Fla., and relocating one supply chain facility in Buena Park, Calif ...'
p8
aS'Athens JCPenney to close Athens Daily Review - 16 hours ago In a news release from JCPenneys, the story states, As part of a continuing effort to advance sustainable growth and long-term profitability, JCPenney Company, Inc. will be closing 138 stores, one supply chain facility in Lakeland, Florida, and ...'
p9
aS"JC Penney Company, Inc. Earnings: A Return to Profitability  Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Yet while comp sales ultimately came in well below the company's original forecast of a 3% to 4% annual increase, J.C. Penney still managed to reach some of its other financial goals in 2016. Most notably, it earned a full-year profit. Cost cuts are ...JC Penney Co. plans to close up to 140 stores, seek 6000 voluntary employee ... - Winston-Salem JournalJC Penney: Trying To Sell Its Turnaround Story - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.