(lp0
S'Kosmos Energy Becomes Oversold  Nasdaq - Mar 8, 2017 In trading on Wednesday, shares of Kosmos Energy Ltd  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 29.2, after changing hands as low as $5.57 per share.'
p1
aS'Deals this week: BP, Total, Kosmos Energy Offshore Technology - Jan 6, 2017 BP has agreed to buy working interests in exploration licences from Kosmos Energy Ltd for sites in offshore Mauritania and Senegal.'
p2
aS'Kosmos Energy Ltd.  Valuation in the Spotlight Business Review - 14 hours ago Kosmos Energy Ltd.  has an ERP5 rank of 12074. The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies.'
p3
aS'What Makes Kosmos Energy  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Kosmos Energy Ltd. KOS, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p4
aS"BP strikes west African gas deal with Kosmos Energy Financial Times - Dec 19, 2016 Whereas Saturday's Abu Dhabi investment promised to refresh BP's oil reserves, the Kosmos deal was in keeping with the group's increasing focus on gas.Kosmos Energy Ltd. Surges on BP plc Partnership - Motley Fool"
p5
aS"Kosmos Energy Ltd.: Kosmos Energy Completes Transaction with BP in Senegal The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 23, 2017 Andrew G. Inglis, Kosmos Energy's chairman and chief executive officer, said: 'With the transaction now complete, Kosmos looks forward to working with the Government of Senegal and partners to move ahead with the next stage of our work program&nbsp;...Featured Stock for Investors: Kosmos Energy Ltd.  - HugoPressSuccessful Earnings Option Trading: Kosmos Energy Ltd.  - CML News"
p6
aS'Commit To Purchase Kosmos Energy At $5, Earn 12.4% Annualized Using Options Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Kosmos Energy Ltd  shares, but tentative about paying the going market price of $6.00/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p7
aS'Stock Concentration on Shares of Kosmos Energy Ltd.  Davidson Register - 22 hours ago Kosmos Energy Ltd.  has a current Value Composite Score of 76. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would represent an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an expensive or overvalued company.'
p8
aS'Stock in Review: Kosmos Energy Ltd.  Rives Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Individual investors might be studying multiple metrics in order to maximize returns. Kosmos Energy Ltd.  presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.04828.'
p9
aS'Kosmos Energy Announces Secondary Public Offering of Common Shares Business Wire  - Jan 11, 2017 DALLAS----Kosmos Energy Ltd.   announced today that funds affiliated with Warburg Pincus LLC and The Blackstone Group L.P.'
p10
a.