(lp0
S'Correction: Earns-LHC Group story Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017  -- In a story March 8 about the fourth-quarter earnings of LHC Group Inc. - generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research - The Associated Press reported erroneously that the company is an entry-level homebuilder in ...Did LHC Group Inc  Create Value For Shareholders Over The Past One Year? - Simply Wall StAnalyst Upgrades  LHC Group  Stock Gets Upgraded By RBC Capital ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'LHC Group to Present at RBC Capital Markets 2017 Healthcare Conference GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 LAFAYETTE, La., Feb. 15, 2017  -- LHC Group, Inc.  announced today that Keith G. Myers, chief executive officer of LHC Group, will present at the RBC Capital 2017 Healthcare Conference in New York on Wednesday,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'LHC Group  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 18 hours ago LHC Group has a P/B ratio of 2.37. It also has a P/E ratio of 24.7. LHC Group Inc provides post-acute health care services to patients through its home nursing agencies, community-based services agencies, hospice agencies and long-term acute care&nbsp;...Coliseum Capital Management, L Sells 51900 Shares of LHC Group, Inc.  Stock - The Cerbat GemFmr LLC Has $64896000 Position in LHC Group, Inc.  - BBNS'
p3
aS'LHC Group to Acquire Halcyon Hospice GlobeNewswire  - Sep 3, 2015 LAFAYETTE, La., Sept. 3, 2015  -- LHC Group, Inc. , a national provider of comprehensive post-acute healthcare services, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Halcyon Hospice LLC&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'LHC Group and LifePoint Health to Form Joint Venture Business Wire  - Nov 2, 2016 LAFAYETTE, La. &amp; BRENTWOOD, Tenn.----LHC Group, Inc.  and LifePoint Health  today announced plans to form a joint venture to strengthen home health and hospice services across the country.LifePoint planning home health JV - Nashville Post '
p5
aS'LHC Group earns high marks in quality and patient satisfaction The Daily Advertiser - Oct 27, 2016 LHC Group, Inc., a national provider of comprehensive post-acute healthcare services, has earned 2016 HomeCare Elite rankings for 103 providers, including 179 individual locations.'
p6
aS"LHC Group Called Out for High Executive Compensation Home Health Care News - Feb 21, 2017 A news outlet fired shots against LHC Group  in a report last week, accusing the home health care provider of cronyism by stacking its compensation committee with lobbyists and approving eye-popping salary bumps for executives.Analysts mean rating score stands at 1.90 while LHC Group, Inc.'s  stock ... - Hot Stocks PointOxford Asset Management Takes Position in LHC Group  - Community Financial News"
p7
aS"LHC Group Announces Two Definitive Purchase Agreements for Home Health ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 7, 2016 Because each of these companies is aligned with LHC Group's focus on providing a tri-level of care to its markets, the transactions will enable the Company to acquire a number of locations providing home health, hospice or community based services.LHC Group Acquires Operations With $44 Million in Revenue - Home Health Care News"
p8
aS'LHC Group and Northern Arizona Healthcare Announce Joint Venture to Provide ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 4, 2016 LHC Group, Inc. is a national provider of non-acute healthcare services, providing quality, cost-effective healthcare to patients primarily within the comfort and privacy of their home or place of residence.'
p9
aS'LHC Group, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at Royal Bank of Canada Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 LHC Group logo LHC Group, Inc.  was downgraded by equities researchers at Royal Bank of Canada from an outperform rating to a sector perform rating in a research report issued on Friday.LHC Group  Breaks into New 52-Week High on March 13 Session - Equities.comQ3 2017 EPS Estimates for LHC Group, Inc. Lifted by Analyst  - BNB Daily '
p10
a.