(lp0
S'Soft commodity ETFs surge as coffee and sugar prices jump 20% ETF Strategy - Oct 5, 2016 Fund provider ETF Securities also has 2x leveraged and 3x leveraged ETPs on the London Stock Exchange under respective tickers LCFE and 3CFL.'
p1
aS'Direxion adds inverse gold and leveraged equities ETFs to product line-up ETF Strategy - Aug 3, 2016 Leveraged ETFs magnify exposure to an underlying index, while inverse ETFs profit from a decline in an underlying index.'
p2
aS"El Nio: crop yields and commodity ETF strategies ETF Strategy - Jul 7, 2015 In their recent commodities outlook report, ETF Securities, one of the world's leading providers of exchange-traded commodities , commented: We believe that should the weather event intensify, it could be a significant catalyst for price gains ..."
p3
aS"Seize ETF Tools To Position Your Portfolio For Any Election Outcome Investor's Business Daily - Oct 14, 2016 Smart investors are dusting off their ETF investing playbooks. While the November election may or may not prove to be an inflection point for stocks, it is sure to mark a turn of the page, revealing new investing scenarios."
p4
aS'Horizons ETFs Announces Name Changes for Certain ETFs Canada NewsWire  - Dec 22, 2016 Other than Horizons BetaPro S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Bull Plus ETF  and Horizons BetaPro S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Bear Plus ETF , the investment objectives and strategies of the ETFs will not change. The changes to ... BetaPro Gold Bullion 2x ...'
p5
aS"China launches renminbi-denominated gold benchmark Financial Times - Apr 19, 2016 The world's largest gold consumer began a twice-daily auction on the Shanghai Gold Exchange on Tuesday. The renminbi-denominated Shanghai Gold Benchmark Price involved 18 banks, including international banks Standard Chartered Bank and&nbsp;...China starts fixing gold price twice a day in an attempt to establish regional ... - Economic Times"
p6
aS"Palladium Notches Strong November As Others Metals Struggle Barron's  - Nov 30, 2016 Although peers have struggled , palladium has had a strong November, writes Maxwell Gold, director of investment strategy at ETF Securities, which manages the ETFS Physical Palladium Shares ETF ."
p7
aS'Even ETF portfolios need rebalancing The Globe and Mail - Feb 8, 2017 At a time like this, when stocks have been hitting record highs, and the value of equity ETFs has been rising, the investor might find that the portfolio has become 50/50 bonds/stocks, or even more heavily tilted toward equities.'
p8
aS'Zinc and gold poised to break free of commodity slump The Globe and Mail - Nov 3, 2016 Seasoned investors know that commodity cycles are long and slow affairs that build up to a really great party that ends with a long, lingering hangover. Right now, for most commodities, we are in the hangover phase. Plenty of culprits can be blamed for ...'
p9
aS"This Week's ETF Launches: Following Smart Money, Going Global &amp; Taking a Bite ETFdb.com - Nov 16, 2016 The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF  will follow smart money, literally. The ETF will invest in stocks that hedge funds, institutional investors and other gurus own."
p10
a.