(lp0
S"Lihua International Crumbles as CEO Investigation Announced Equities.com - Apr 30, 2014 The Board of Directors of Lihua International...is aware of a decline in the Company's stock price and published allegations that Mr. Zhu Jianhua, the Company's CEO and Chairman of the Company's Board, may have diverted or attempted to divert Company&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Lihua International, Inc.: Turning Copper Into Gold Seeking Alpha - Nov 17, 2011 Lihua International, Inc.  is a perfect example of such a company, as it is completely focused on meeting the very high demands of an exploding domestic Chinese copper market.'
p2
aS"Lihua Still Faces Shareholder Claims, Has Eye On Bankruptcy Law360  - Mar 10, 2016 Law360, New York  -- A New York federal judge on Wednesday dismissed Exchange Act claims in a shareholder derivative suit against Lihua International Inc.'s board, but left breach of fiduciary claims standing after oral&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Lihua International: Meltdown Alert Seeking Alpha - Aug 1, 2011 In this report, Absaroka will provide compelling evidence that Lihua International, Inc.   has materially misrepresented its business to investors and thus is significantly overvalued.'
p4
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Class Action Lawsuit Against Lihua International, Inc. Filed ... Business Wire  - May 8, 2014 LOS ANGELES----Glancy Binkow &amp; Goldberg LLP, representing investors of Lihua International, Inc.  , has filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Lihua International [Part 3]: Strong Cash Flow, Strong Team, Strong Demand ValueWalk - Dec 13, 2013 This is part three of a three part series on Lihua International Inc . Lihua is a Chinese company involved in the process of refining, marketing and selling copper wire.'
p6
aS'EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Files Class Action Charging Lihua International ... GlobeNewswire  - May 2, 2014 NEW YORK, May 1, 2014  -- The Rosen Law Firm, P.A. announces that it has filed a class action lawsuit on behalf of purchasers of Lihua International, Inc.  common stock during the period from August 9, 2012 through&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Reverse Mergers: Scam or Ultimate Value Buy? Benzinga - Jun 21, 2013 Lihua International's  sales are over 800 million up from 50 million in 2008 with earnings having grown by more than 400 percent."
p8
aS"Lihua International secures first customer contract for copper anode product ... Proactive Investors Chinese - Aug 17, 2010 Chinese manufacturer of alternative copper products Lihua International Inc.  has signed its first customer contract for its new copper anode product with one of the world's largest copper and metal conglomerates based in China, whose ..."
p9
aS'Chinese Copper Wire Manufacturer Lihua to Increase Production Capacity Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Oct 12, 2009 Lihua International Inc  announced an expansion to its production capacity, the Chinese based manufacturer has begun work on four new high speed production lines.'
p10
a.