(lp0
S'Linear Technology Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Linear Technology Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 22, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.33 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 07, 2017.Linear Technology Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comAnalysts Near-Term outlook: Linear Technology Corporation , Entergy ... - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS"Analog Devices  Completes Acquisition of Linear Technology  StreetInsider.com - Mar 10, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  today announced the completion of its acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation. The combination creates the premier analog technology company with the industry's most comprehensive suite of high-performance&nbsp;...Analog Devices Announces Final Regulatory Approval and Closing Date for ... - Yahoo FinanceAnalog Devices Completes Acquisition of Linear Technology - Business Wire "
p2
aS'LINEAR TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Completion of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Linear Technology Corporation is engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing a line of analog integrated circuits. The Company produces power management, data conversion, signal conditioning, radio frequency  and interface integrated&nbsp;...Linear Technology Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 10 - Equities.comTaking a Fresh Look at Linear Technology Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'DISH Network To Replace Linear Technology In S&amp;P 500 Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017  - S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices said that DISH Network Corp.  will replace Linear Technology Corp.  in the S&amp;P 500 effective prior to the open on Monday, March 13.Linear Technology Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 08 - Equities.comLarge Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Linear Technology ... - Highland Mirror'
p4
aS"Taking a Look at the Chart for Linear Technology Corporation  The USA Commerce - Mar 13, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Linear Technology Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS"Form 4 LINEAR TECHNOLOGY CORP For: Mar 10 Filed by: LEE DAVID S StreetInsider.com - Mar 14, 2017 Get the Pulse of the Market with StreetInsider.com's Pulse Picks. Get your Free Trial here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C."
p6
aS"Option Market: Linear Technology Corporation Risk Hits An Extreme Low CML News - Feb 18, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Linear Technology ..."
p7
aS'Linear Technology  Up 3.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Zacks.com - Feb 17, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Linear Technology Corporation . Shares have added about 3.5% in that time frame, outperforming the market.'
p8
aS'Form S-8 POS LINEAR TECHNOLOGY CORP StreetInsider.com - Mar 10, 2017 Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of July 26, 2016, by and among the Company, Analog Devices, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation , and Tahoe Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Promising stocks in today's market: Linear Technology Corporation  The News Journal - 22 hours ago Based on the aggregate value of the company over its current share price and the total amount of outstanding stocks, the market cap of Linear Technology Corporation is presently reeling at 15715.7. Acting as the blue chip in today's trade, Linear ..."
p10
a.