(lp0
S"Ferrari gives up F1 stake in exchange for Liberty Media stock The Guardian - Mar 10, 2017 Ferrari has traded its entire stake in Formula One for an interest in the racing franchise's new owner, Liberty Media. The Italian luxury car company revealed in a regulatory filing that it sold its 0.25% stake in the top-ranked single-seat auto race ...Formula One makes commercial appointments - ReutersQ2 2017 EPS Estimates for Liberty Media Co.  Series A Liberty Formula One ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p1
aS"Grand Prix Boss 'Reviewing' $400 Million F1 Contract With Liberty Media Forbes - Mar 16, 2017 The organiser of the Grand Prix in the oil-rich nation of Azerbaijan has revealed that he is considering his options under his contract with Liberty Media Corporation after its chief executive Greg Maffei launched an unprovoked assault on the event ...Formula One: Baku F1 promoter slams 'ignorant' Liberty criticism - The Straits Times"
p2
aS'Liberty Media owner on track for more motorsport acquisitions Telegraph.co.uk - Mar 12, 2017 Liberty Media, the Nasdaq-listed investment company which owns Formula One, has revealed that it is considering buying a complementary motor sport to boost its returns.Liberty Media considers more F1 engine changes, return to traditional venues - AutoweekLiberty Media seeking other motor sport series? - pitpass.com'
p3
aS'How Liberty Media can attract more fans to Formula 1 crash.net - Mar 16, 2017 There is a definite sense of excitement surrounding Formula 1 in 2017, and not just because of the new-style cars and the battle for another world championship.'
p4
aS"Liberty Media boss criticises NBC's Formula One TV rights deal and vows to ... The Drum - Mar 8, 2017 Liberty Media boss, Greg Maffei, has criticised the 'lowly sums' paid by US broadcasters such as NBC for the US TV rights to Formula One and indicated that it will look for a significant boost when the current deal expires at the end of 2017. The chief ...Liberty Media CEO Dismisses NBC Formula One Fee As A 'Popcorn Fart' - ForbesLiberty Media CEO Says He's Not Done Acquiring Assets - Hollywood Reporter"
p5
aS'Formula 1 gossip: Bottas, Wolff, Ferrari, Red Bull, Boullier BBC Sport - Feb 27, 2017 Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas says the new regulations for 2017 could make the cars trickier to drive in windy conditions. .'
p6
aS"&quot;Outdated&quot; Formula One has been left behind by other sports and needs to be ... City A.M. - Feb 22, 2017 Three-time world champion Lewis Hamilton has called on Formula One's new owners to drag the sport into the 21st century, warning there is a lot of catching up to do.Lewis Hamilton: Liberty Media Must Re-Energize Formula One - NewsweekLewis Hamilton Says F1 Must Embrace Social Media - News18"
p7
aS"Sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media will not be investigated by EU autosport.com - Feb 28, 2017 The European Union competitions commission has rejected calls to investigate the sale of Formula 1 to new owner Liberty Media. Motorsport's governing body the FIA gave its approval for the sale last month, paving the way for the deal to be completed,&nbsp;...EU rejects calls to investigate sale of F1 - Eurosport.com"
p8
aS'Liberty Media Announces Closing of Refinancing of Portion of Formula 1 Debt Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 The transaction is net leverage neutral and the refinanced term loan remains non-recourse to Liberty Media. Liberty Media had previously announced that, concurrent with the financing, F1 intended to repay up to $300 million of the first lien term loan ...'
p9
aS"Damon Hill: Liberty Media knows as much about Formula One as Donald Trump does ... City A.M. - Feb 16, 2017 Anybody wanting to do anything in Formula One is going to have to understand it in depth and it takes a few years to get your head around how people think in Formula One. I'm sure they're not naive, but sure they've never come across anything like ..."
p10
a.