(lp0
S'Corp Hosts Local Entrepreneurs Georgetown University The Hoya - Mar 15, 2017 To introduce Georgetown students to the intersection between food and entrepreneurship, Students of Georgetown, Inc. hosted Greg Menna and Jesse Konig, respective founders of local businesses District Donut and Swizzler, for the second installment of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Corporation Commission quashes bid to get APS donation records Arizona Daily Sun - Mar 14, 2017 Officially the vote of the Arizona Corporation Commission was to cut off the funds for the outside attorney they had previously authorized Bob Burns to hire.'
p2
aS"Councilman suggests hiring full-time director for Development Corp. Wahpeton Daily News - Mar 16, 2017 Wahpeton, in its goal to create more effective economic development, could bring all the relevant parties - the city council, the Community Development Corporation, etc. - together and clearly define each one's roles, responsibilities and lanes for ..."
p3
aS'Local Government Corp. OKs retail deal, pushes back baseball Amarillo.com - Feb 23, 2017 The Amarillo Local Government Corp. finalized a management agreement Wednesday with local real estate broker and developer Bob Garrett.'
p4
aS"Local drug company stocks react to Trump's proposed cuts to NIH, FDA Washington Business Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Most of the Washington region's biggest publicly traded biotech companies saw their stock prices dip Thursday following the release of President Donald Trump's proposed budget calling for research funding cuts.The 62 agencies and programs Trump wants to eliminate - USA TODAYDigging deep: How Trump's budget affects everything from local jobs to foreign ... - Devex"
p5
aS"Supervisor's logging dispute to cost Moreau Glens Falls Post-Star - Mar 16, 2017 Congdon canceled a contract due to a dispute with the company that marked the trees, not the loggers. He felt that Saratoga Land Management Corp. had low-balled the town on timber prices, then marked the most valuable trees for cutting. To prove his ..."
p6
aS"Muskegon Castings Corp. a 'total loss' after overnight fire WZZM13.com - Mar 15, 2017 Investigators are trying to figure out what caused a fire at Muskegon Castings Corporation late Tuesday, March 14. The fire started in the ceiling around 10:30 p.m."
p7
aS'Big Liberal donors are doing big business with the BC government Vancouver Sun - 16 hours ago At the national level in Canada and in many provinces, including Quebec and Manitoba, and most recently Ontario and Alberta, companies doing business with the government are not allowed to make political contributions because corporation and union ...'
p8
aS"BFC's nonprofit partner on Bedford-Union Armory project raises concerns The Real Deal Magazine - Mar 13, 2017 The nonprofit that BFC Partners selected to team up with on the Bedford-Union Armory redevelopment in Crown Heights is raising some concerns amid scrutiny."
p9
aS'Downtown block parties proposed for Public Square WatertownDailyTimes.com - 11 hours ago WATERTOWN - The leader of the Watertown Local Development Corp. is proposing to close off a side of Public Square to host a series of block parties on Friday nights this summer.'
p10
a.