(lp0
S"Interested in Las Vegas Sands Corp 's upcoming $0.73 dividend? You have 3 ... Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 Shares of Las Vegas Sands  will begin trading ex-dividend in 3 days. To qualify for the dividend check of $0.73 per share, investors must have owned the shares prior to Tue 21 Mar 2017, which is the last day the company's management will&nbsp;...Ex-Dividend Reminder: Philip Morris International, Las Vegas Sands and Sempra ... - NasdaqLas Vegas Sands Corp.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.com"
p1
aS'One Put, One Call Option To Know About for Las Vegas Sands Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is Las Vegas Sands Corp . So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from ...'
p2
aS"The Technical Facts on Las Vegas Sands Corp.  The USA Commerce - 22 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Las Vegas Sands Corp. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p3
aS'LVS May Have 50% Upside Potential Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Las Vegas Sands  has been trending downward during the start of the new year due to pressures in the Macao gambling market as well as decreases in casino performance in some of its Macao properties over the past year.'
p4
aS'Las Vegas Sands Corporation remains interested in Vietnam World Casino Directory - Mar 6, 2017 According to a report from the Vietnam Economic Times newspaper, Las Vegas Sands Corporation, which runs large-scale gambling properties around the world including in Macau, Singapore and Las Vegas, revealed that it has been in discussions with the&nbsp;...Las Vegas Sands watching Vietnam closely: Tanasijevich - GGRAsiaLas Vegas Sands Corp Reiterates Interest In Developing Integrated Resort In ... - Tight Poker'
p5
aS'Is Growth on the Docket For Las Vegas Sands Corp. ? Business Review - 14 hours ago Las Vegas Sands Corp.  currently has a 10-year dividend growth rate of -0.92744. This number is calculated using the geometric average which provides the typical value of dividend growth over the specified period using the product of their&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Las Vegas Sands sets sights on Japan Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 A resort hosting casinos in Japan could cost up to $10B to build, Las Vegas Sands  CEO Sheldon Adelson said in Tokyo, as the casino operator looks to win operating rights in what is widely expected to become the world's second-biggest casino&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Las Vegas Sands CEO says Japan casino resort could cost up to US$10b Channel NewsAsia - Feb 21, 2017 A resort hosting casinos in Japan could cost up to US$10 billion to construct, Las Vegas Sands Corp's chief said on Tuesday, as the casino operator looks to win operating rights in what is widely expected to become the world's second-biggest casino market.Las Vegas Sands Corporation casino workers make history in Bethlehem - World Casino Directory"
p8
aS"Fortune Names Las Vegas Sands a &quot;World's Most Admired Company&quot; PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 &quot;Being recognized as one of the world's most admired companies is a testament to the dedication and professionalism of the more than 50,000 Las Vegas Sands team members we employ around the globe. As the founder of this company, nothing makes me&nbsp;...Featured Stock Update: Las Vegas Sands Corp.  - HugoPressEarnings Estimates Revision Trends: Las Vegas Sands Corp.  - TWN"
p9
aS"Option Market: Las Vegas Sands Corp. Risk Hits A Substantially Lowered Level CML News - Mar 15, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Las Vegas Sands Corp."
p10
a.