(lp0
S"Financial challenges face Madison County schools Madison County Carrier - Feb 21, 2017 According to information from the Florida Department of Education , Office of Funding and Financial Reporting, Madison County's schools have a dangerously low Financial Condition Ratio of just 3.72 percent. The Financial Condition Ratio can be&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Madison County woman accused of stealing $6000 from injured elderly man in ... AL.com - Mar 13, 2017 &quot;Suspicious activity&quot; involving the victim's financial accounts triggered the investigation and led to felony charges, Holmes said."
p2
aS"'Bridges of Madison County' made Robert James Waller famous but didn't define him DesMoinesRegister.com - Mar 13, 2017 I met Robert James Waller when he visited my small English literature class on the campus of Central College in Pella. This was between the 1992 publication of his smash novel The Bridges of Madison County and the 1995 film version starring Clint&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'A new twist on mergers Madison County Carrier - Mar 14, 2017 The Consumer Financial Services Bureau , a consumer advocacy agency founded after the financial crisis, has identified a number of rural counties across the US that are deemed to be underserved from a financial services perspective. The six ...'
p4
aS'CORE FCU receives sixth consecutive National Youth Financial Literacy Award Madison County Courier - Mar 11, 2017 Pictured from left Karen Reardon, Member Development &amp; Student Banking Manager, CORE FCU; Bill Sweeney, CEO, CORE FCU; Jim Nussle, president/CEO, Credit Union National Association; and Laura Edick, Marketing &amp; Member Development Specialist&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Red Cross Responds to Fire in Syracuse Madison County Courier - 21 hours ago The Red Cross relies on financial contributions to provide help and comfort to disaster victims anywhere, anytime. You can help people affected by disasters like home fires and countless other crises by making a donation to support American Red Cross&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Schneiderman, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announce lawsuit in 9/11 scam Madison County Courier - Feb 23, 2017 Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau recently announced a lawsuit against RD Legal Funding, LLC, two related entities, and Roni Dersovitz, the companies' founder and owner, for allegedly scamming 9/11 ..."
p7
aS"Schneiderman announces take-down of organized theft ring Madison County Courier - Mar 16, 2017 Through electronic and physical surveillance, as well as analysis of financial records in conjunction with other investigative tools, the Attorney General's investigation alleges that Rimbaugh has been directing theft crews and reselling stolen ..."
p8
aS'Senate passes Valesky-sponsored elder financial abuse legislation Madison County Courier - Mar 3, 2017 Legislation sponsored by Senator David J. Valesky  protecting seniors from financial abuse passed the Senate on March 2. The bill would authorize banks to refuse any monetary transaction if a banking institution, social services official, or ...'
p9
aS"With Vestavia Hills arrest, 'Operation Mississippi Hustle' corruption ... AL.com - Feb 23, 2017 Effects of Jefferson County's financial woes even affect the county jail. Visitation is closed. Some inmates are left to sleep on the floor when cells are overcrowded with three to sometimes four inmates where there should only be two."
p10
a.