(lp0
S"McDonald's Corporation to Trump: 'You are actually a disgusting excuse of a ... KTRK-TV - Mar 16, 2017 The McDonald's Corp. tweet insulting Trump was deleted about 20 minutes after it was posted. . KTRK. Thursday, March 16, 2017 09:27AM.McDonald's Twitter account tweets that President Trump is a 'disgusting excuse ... - MassLive.comMcDonald's tweet slams Trump - VICE News"
p1
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Heffx Technical Analysis Live Trading News - Mar 17, 2017 During an uptrend the long upper shadow indicates that the bears are gaining control and a top may occur."
p2
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Launches Mobile Order and Pay Service Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 If customers choose the drive-thru, they will simply read the already placed order code to the crew and their mobile order will be ready for pickup at the window, McDonald's Corporation  said in a statement. We are proud to pilot mobile ...McDonald's Mobile Ordering Is Now A Reality - BenzingaMcDonald's Tests Mobile Ordering; Rollout Slated for Year-end - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"McDonald's: $170 Per Share By 2020? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 McDonald's released its financial goals and policy targets over the next three years earlier this month. The company's goals could be doable but appear aggressive with respect to margin expansion."
p4
aS"Buying McDonald's For Dividend Growth? Not So Fast Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 As the dividend continues to grow against flat FCF, MCD will run into a simple math problem. An important part of the bull case for McDonald's  for as long as I can remember has been its ample dividend. MCD is certainly large and mature ...McDonald's Corporation : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalAverage Brokerage Rating Of McDonald's Corporation , ONEOK, Inc.  - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS"McDonald's Steps Into The Modern Age Benzinga - Mar 13, 2017 McDonald's Corporation  - you know, the world's favorite fast food hamburger chain - has seen its in-store visits fall by 500 million since 2012 - in just the United States alone.Stock Returns: McDonald's Corporation  is Beating Yum! Brands Inc ... - CML NewsDigging Up the Facts on McDonald's Corporation  - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS"EOD Risers: McDonald's Corporation, Merck &amp; Co., Inc., Microsoft Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 16, 2017 Shares in McDonald's Corporation ticker code:  a company that operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants, climbed 0.06% or 0.08 points throughout yesterday's trading day."
p7
aS"McDonald's Wants to Make You Better Burgers U.S. News & World Report - Mar 2, 2017 The changes come as the food industry faces increasing competition and consumer demands for healthier options and convenience. The Associated Press.McDonald's Corporation  might launch home delivery service in 5 ... - Market ExclusiveInvestors size up new-look McDonald's - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS"McDonald's: How Does The Yield Stack Up? Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Despite trading near the highs, McDonald's  recently unveiled another aggressive capital return plan. The question though is ... Unlike most restaurant stocks, McDonald's has had a solid run over the last couple of years. For starters ...Sii Investments Inc. WI Has $2511000 Position in McDonald's Co.  - The Cerbat Gem"
p9
aS"EOD Risers: JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co., McDonald's Corporation, Merck &amp; Co., Inc ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of McDonald's Corporation with EPIC code:  a company that operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants, climbed 0.15% or 0.19 points by the close of business yesterday."
p10
a.