(lp0
S"Better Buy: Medivation, Inc. vs. Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Motley Fool - Jul 12, 2016 Medivation  attempted to jump-start a bidding war after rejecting Sanofi's  second acquisition offer."
p1
aS"Medivation Inc. Stock Is Rising Today -- Here's Why Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2016 What: Shares of Medivation  were up more than 10% as of 3:00 p.m. ET after the cancer-focused biopharmaceutical company reported its fourth-quarter earnings."
p2
aS'Pfizer Said Close to $14 Billion Deal to Acquire Medivation Bloomberg - Aug 21, 2016 Pfizer Inc. is close to an agreement to buy Medivation Inc. for about $14 billion, people familiar with the situation said, the latest in a long run of blockbuster deals in the drug and biotechnology industries.Pfizer to Buy Medivation for $14 Billion - Wall Street Journal'
p3
aS'Better Buy Now: Medivation Inc vs Jazz Pharmaceuticals Motley Fool - Oct 24, 2015 Investors in biotech stocks Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC  and Medivation  must be smiling from ear to ear, as each of these companies has been a monster winner for long-term investors.'
p4
aS'Medivation: A Value In Biotech Seeking Alpha - Aug 18, 2016 Medivation  is just such a company which is misunderstood by the market. It is a highly de-risked biotech with a commercialized, blockbuster drug  already providing significant financial resources for the&nbsp;...How Much Medivation Can Really Fetch in a Buyout - 24/7 Wall St.Medivation Inc : Excellent Opportunity to Get Best Price for its ... - TCC'
p5
aS'Tesla Motors Inc. and Medivation Inc. Jump as Stocks Fall Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2016 Medivation spiked 23% higher on heavy trading volume after Bloomberg reported that the biopharmaceutical company has been approached by several potential buyers.'
p6
aS"J&amp;J's Q1 Results Suggest More Upside for Medivation, Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 27, 2016 The loss of market share in this high-profile market suggests that Medivation  and Astellas Pharma's  Xtandi continues to gain ground, and that could mean that Medivation is worth more than it was three months ago."
p7
aS"Report: Medivation Committed To Selling Itself Benzinga - May 10, 2016 Medivation Inc  had an offer on the table to be acquired by Sanofi SA   for $9.3 billion, or $52.50 per share.Exclusive: Medivation succumbs to pressure to explore sale - sources - ReutersWhy Did Medivation's Share Price Increase so Much after Earnings? - Market Realist"
p8
aS"Sanofi SA   Looking To Acquire Medivation Inc  For ... Market Exclusive - Apr 29, 2016 Sanofi SA   has made public its intention of acquiring Medivation Inc , having tabled a $9.3 billion takeover bid.Medivation board rejects Sanofi's $9.3 billion takeover offer - ReutersGoldman Sees Potential Medivation Buyout Value Near $70/Share - Benzinga"
p9
aS"Leerink: Medivation Buyout 'Inevitable,' AstraZeneca And AbbVie Most Likely Buyers Benzinga - Apr 25, 2016 Leerink's Geoffrey C. Porges believes that acquirer interest in Medivation Inc  and the appreciation in the stock valuation as evidence of investors' views that more value lies in the sale of the company vs."
p10
a.