(lp0
S'MTI of Albany passes poison pill stock plan Albany Times Union - Oct 11, 2016 TSR Inc., Microwave Filter Co., IEH Corp. and Electronic Systems Technology, according to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission documents.'
p1
aS"Acquisition Of Microwave Circuits Expands Filter Capabilities RF Globalnet  - Feb 14, 2017 Gowanda Components Group is pleased to announce that its capabilities for the design and manufacture of RF and microwave filters are expanding in connection with the acquisition of Microwave Circuits from AMTI in Lynchburg, VA. &quot;Microwave Circuits'&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Integrated Microwave Technologies  Launches DragonFly Ultra-Miniature ... PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2017 HACKETTSTOWN, N.J., Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Integrated Microwave Technologies , a business unit of xG Technology, Inc.  , and a leader in advanced digital microwave systems serving the law enforcement,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'RFMW Ltd., and Akoustis Technologies, Inc. Announce Distribution Agreement GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , is a manufacturer of innovative BulkONE bulk acoustic wave  high band RF filters for mobile wireless and general purpose RF catalog components. RFMW Ltd. is a specialized distributor ...'
p4
aS"Akoustis Produces World's First Single-Crystal BAW RF Filters GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2016 Charlotte, N.C., July 25, 2016  -- Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , an innovator of high performance, single-crystal piezoelectric materials and bulk acoustic wave  resonators for mobile ..."
p5
aS'Microphase IPO May Be A 5G Wireless Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Oct 17, 2016 Microphase Corporation is a provider of military microwave and RF  technology and wants to raise up to $12.25 million in its IPO.'
p6
aS'Facebook Live Is About to Get a Bunch of Funky Filters From Russian App Prisma Fortune - Nov 9, 2016 One of the hottest photo apps of 2016, Prisma lets users apply rich, fine art style filters to pictures before sharing them across social media platforms.'
p7
aS"Apple CEO Tim Cook Says 'Fake News' Must Be Tackled Fortune - Feb 10, 2017 &quot;We have to give the consumer tools, to help with this. And we've got to filter out part of it before it ever gets there without losing the great openness of the internet,&quot; Cook said in the interview."
p8
aS"Mark Zuckerberg Continues to Miss the Point on Facebook and Media Fortune - Nov 14, 2016 Zuckerberg responded to the &quot;filter bubble&quot; argument by saying the company's research shows that people &quot;are exposed to more diverse content on Facebook and social media than on traditional media like newspapers and TV.Mark Zuckerberg Continues To Insist Facebook Could Not Possibly Have ... - Huffington Post"
p9
aS"Here's Why Facebook Is Partly to Blame for the Rise of Donald Trump Fortune - Nov 10, 2016 The issue isn't just that Facebook creates so-called &quot;filter bubbles,&quot; in which users are presented with information with which they are likely to agree."
p10
a.