(lp0
S"MicroFinancial Incorporated Enters Into Agreement to be Acquired by Funds ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 15, 2014 BURLINGTON, Mass., Dec. 15, 2014  -- MicroFinancial Incorporated   has entered into a definitive agreement with MF Parent LP  and MF Merger Sub Corp. , each&nbsp;...Burlington's MicroFinancial to be bought - Boston Globe"
p1
aS"Kiva Co-founder on the Future of Microfinance Inc.com - Jul 21, 2015 I advise the company, but I'm not a board member or a staff member, so I'm not there day to day. But I can say that the organization has been experimenting."
p2
aS'Bharat Financial Inclusion Moneycontrol.com - Sep 18, 2015 The company management includes P H Ravikumar - Non Exe.Chairman&amp;Ind.Director, M R Rao - Managing Director &amp; CEO, Geoffrey Tanner Woolley - Independent Director, Tarun Khanna - Independent Director, S Balachandran - Independent Director,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"TPG Sees Asia Health, Finance Opportunities to Tap Unmet Demand BloombergQuint - 23 hours ago In India, microfinance institutions' distributed model and their low loss rates will make them attractive acquisition targets for domestic banks, which can also bring cheaper funding costs to such businesses, Coulter said."
p4
aS'BPI invests in microfinance bank Rizal Bank Inquirer.net - Aug 23, 2016 AYALA-led Bank of the Philippine Island has signed a deal to buy a 10 percent stake in microfinance-oriented rural bank Rizal Bank Inc. , expanding efforts to contribute to financial inclusion in the country. RBI, a member institution of CARD ...BPI buys 10% stake in Rizal Bank - GMA News'
p5
aS"Microfinance in PHL at crossroads Business Mirror - Mar 1, 2017 The country's microfinance industry has consistently showed growth every year. According to the Microfinance Council of the Philippines Inc. , microfinance non-governmental organizations  recorded two years ago a total of 3.034 million&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'CIC inks pact to get data on microfinance BusinessWorld Online Edition - Aug 11, 2016 The state-controlled firm yesterday signed a Memorandum of Support with the Microfinance Information Data Sharing, Inc.  -- a credit bureau for Microfinance Institutions  -- which will provide the CIC access to around 4.6 million ...'
p7
aS"Dumaguete's Rizal Bank Inc. opens first branch in Visayas | SunStar Sun.Star - Apr 19, 2016 RIZAL Bank Inc. , a microfinance-oriented rural bank and a member institution of Center for Agriculture and Rural Development-Mutually Reinforcing Institutions , recently launched in Dumaguete City its first branch in Visayas."
p8
aS'Landmark Microfinance NGOs Act put into effect Inquirer.net - Sep 11, 2016 10693 or the Microfinance NGOs Act. Sen. Paolo Benigno Aquino IV, Rep. Pablo Nava III as well as members of the Microfinance Council of the Philippines Inc. and APPEND Inc.the two largest microfinance networks in the countryalso attended the&nbsp;...SEC eases lending business - The Standard'
p9
aS"BREAKINGVIEWS-Indian bank is right to think big in microfinance Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Yet with credit growth weak across the wider banking system, and too many lenders chasing well-heeled urban customers, pushing into India's booming microfinance industry is an attractive way to stay on top. That is the backdrop for the mooted takeover ..."
p10
a.