(lp0
S'Global Cash Acquiring Multimedia Games for $1.2 Billion Bloomberg - Sep 8, 2014 Global Cash Access Holdings Inc., a provider of money-transaction technology to the casino industry, agreed to acquire Multimedia Games Holding Co. for $1.2 billion in cash, gaining a creator of electronic-gambling units to American Indian casinos and&nbsp;...Why Multimedia Games  Stock Is Surging Today - TheStreet.comGlobal Cash Access  to Acquire Multimedia Games  for $36.50/Share - StreetInsider.com '
p1
aS'Multimedia Games Completes Acquisition of PokerTek Business Wire  - Oct 1, 2014 AUSTIN, Texas----Multimedia Games Holding Company, Inc.   announced today that it completed the previously announced acquisition of PokerTek, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Company that acquired Austin video slot machine maker set to change its name Austin Business Journal - Aug 14, 2015 In late 2014, Austin-based Multimedia Games was acquired by Global Cash Access Holdings for $1.2 billion Inc.Everi Holdings will replace Global Cash Access this month - Las Vegas Review-Journal'
p3
aS'Multimedia Games Shareholders Settle Suit Over $1.2B Buyout Law360  - Apr 17, 2015 Law360, New York  -- Shareholders who sued over casino game maker Multimedia Games Holding Co.'
p4
aS'Multimedia Games Brings Its Largest and Most Diverse Display of New Products ... Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2014 AUSTIN, Texas &amp; LAS VEGAS----Multimedia Games Holding Company, Inc.   will bring its largest-ever, and most diverse display of new products, including 100 unique new games&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Everi Holdings Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 15 hours ago According to Zacks, Everi Holdings Inc. is a holding company which operates through subsidiaries, Global Cash Access, Inc. and Multimedia Games Holding Company, Inc. The Company's segments include Games and Payments. Global Cash Access, Inc.Zacks Rank on Everi Holdings Inc.  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland MirrorTelsey Advisory Group Released  Outperform Rating on Everi Holdings Inc  - Times Money"
p6
aS'Multimedia Games Holding Company Inc  to Release Earnings on Thursday The Cerbat Gem - Feb 22, 2017 Multimedia Games Holding Company Inc  to Release Earnings on Thursday was originally posted by The Cerbat Gem and is owned by of The Cerbat Gem.'
p7
aS'Multimedia Games to Debut Its Most Exciting and Extensive Range of Products ... Business Wire  - Sep 28, 2011 AUSTIN, Texas &amp; LAS VEGAS----Multimedia Games Holding Company, Inc.   will celebrate its 20th anniversary with the debut of its most exciting and extensive lineup of new games&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'The Multimedia Games Holding Company Inc  to Release Earnings on Thursday DailyQuint - Mar 7, 2017 ... is engaged in designing, manufacturing and supplying gaming machines and systems to commercial and Native American casino operators in North America, as well as, domestic and selected international lottery operators, and commercial bingo gaming&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Everi net loss widens in 4Q and full year GGRAsia - Mar 15, 2017 ... 17 percent, to US$978.0 million. The Everi Holdings brand was formed in August 2015, following a US$1.1-billion cash-consideration merger in December 2014 of Las Vegas-based Global Cash Access Holdings Inc and Multimedia Games Holding Co Inc.Telsey Advisory Group Just Issued Outperform Rating on Everi Holdings Inc  - Highland Mirror'
p10
a.