(lp0
S'Miller Energy bankruptcy wraps up, firm is reorganized, stock voided Knoxville News Sentinel - Apr 1, 2016 The bankruptcy case for former Knoxville-based company Miller Energy Resources came to a close Thursday, with the company reorganized into separate entities, its stock declared void and a plan in place to issue new common stock. Meanwhile, Miller&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Miller Energy Files for Bankruptcy in Deal With Apollo, Highbridge Wall Street Journal - Oct 2, 2015 Miller Energy Resources Inc., a Texas-based oil and gas driller that operates in Alaska, filed for bankruptcy protection on Thursday with a plan to hand control of the company to an affiliate of private-equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC and ...Houston energy company files for bankruptcy protection after SEC action - Houston Business JournalCook Inlet Energy parent company files for bankruptcy protection - Kenai Peninsula Online'
p2
aS"Let's Not Overreact To Miller Energy Resources' News Seeking Alpha - May 4, 2015 Miller Energy Resources  is a an oil and gas production company in Alaska. It is the only public pure-play Alaskan E&amp;P."
p3
aS"The Explorers 2016: Bankruptcy slows Miller Energy's pace Petroleum News - May 20, 2016 As The Explorers was going to press, Miller Energy Resources Inc. was in the final stages of bankruptcy proceedings that will dramatically change its operations in Alaska."
p4
aS'Miller Energy shareholders file class action lawsuit WATE 6 On Your Side - Dec 29, 2015 Shareholders represented by Kenneth Gaynor filed a class action lawsuit against a half dozen former executives of Miller Energy Resources, Inc. The lawsuit was originally filed in a Morgan County court, but was moved to a federal court. Miller Energy&nbsp;...Shareholders sue Miller Energy - Knoxville News Sentinel'
p5
aS'The Producers 2015: Miller Energy Resources Ltd. Petroleum News - Nov 20, 2015 Miller Energy Resources Ltd. is the parent company of Cook Inlet Energy LLC and Savant Alaska LLC and operates production in Cook Inlet and on the North Slope.'
p6
aS'Miller Energy Resources Files Bankruptcy With A Prepackaged Plan And Gives ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 6, 2015 Miller Energy Resources  announced on October 1, that if filed for reorganization under the bankruptcy code. In previous articles I had noted that the company was very distressed. In particular, this distress was caused by the failure of its ...'
p7
aS"Miller Energy: The rise and fall of Knoxville's would-be oil empire Knoxville News Sentinel - Feb 10, 2017 Miller Energy Resources' West McArthur River unit that services the company's production facilities at Cook Inlet, Alaska."
p8
aS"Creditors Seek to Push Miller Energy Unit Into Bankruptcy Wall Street Journal - Aug 10, 2015 A group of companies that say they are owed millions from Miller Energy Resources Inc.'s Alaska subsidiary is trying to push the unit into bankruptcy after a securities regulator charged the company with accounting fraud."
p9
aS'Miller Energy Resources  Stock Soars Today as Oil Resumes Rally TheStreet.com - Feb 2, 2015 Miller Energy Resources is an oil and natural gas exploration and production company focused on Alaska. Separately, TheStreet Ratings team rates MILLER ENERGY RESOURCES INC as a Sell with a ratings score of D. TheStreet Ratings Team has this to&nbsp;...'
p10
a.