(lp0
S"Altria Group Inc  Stock Is on Fire With Dominant Vape Game Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 Altria's e-vapor division Nu Mark now makes up 55% of the vaping market, and continues to expand. MO is used to succeeding despite the odds."
p1
aS"Better Buy: Procter &amp; Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 But which company is the better stock to buy today? There's no sure-fire way to answer that question. I like to approach it from three different perspectives to get a better idea of what I'm paying for."
p2
aS"Altria Group: Valuation Analysis Under The Proposed Trump And House GOP Tax Plans Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 This article first compares Altria's current and recent historical valuations based on two common metrics. This includes an analysis of Altria's year-end P/E and forward P/E ratios over the prior five years, and compares these figures to the company's ..."
p3
aS'Big Tobacco has a big party on Wall Street Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 It seems rare that a company can make such a joke at these events, but Altria Group has an exceptional track record that demands premium valuations.'
p4
aS"Altria Group Inc  Stake Reduced by Citizens &amp; Northern Corp BNB Daily  - 4 hours ago Altria Group logo Citizens &amp; Northern Corp lowered its stake in Altria Group Inc  by 5.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Altria Group Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSYesterday's Attention Gainers Altria Group Inc, Total SA  - Normangee Star"
p5
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Altria Group Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Investors in Altria Group  are already quite familiar with the success of the company's primary businesses."
p6
aS'Better Buy: Altria Group vs. Philip Morris Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 Among tobacco stocks globally, Altria Group  and Philip Morris International  play key leadership roles in the industry.'
p7
aS"Altria's Ever Expanding P/E Ratio Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 And then there is the matter of Altria's P/E ratio. During Altria's first year as a standalone company, which occurred during the recession-ravaged year of 2009, Altria was trading at 9.9x earnings. Since then, Altria's valuation has kept inching ..."
p8
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for Altria Group, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Altria Group, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS'Altria Group Declares Quarterly Dividend Nasdaq - Mar 2, 2017 Altria Group Inc.  announced March 1 through Business Wire the dividend for the first quarter of 2017. The tobacco giant headquartered in Henrico County, Virginia, will pay 61 cents per ordinary share to shareholders of record as of March 15.How Does Altria Group, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournalAltria Group Inc  Stake Boosted by Comerica Bank - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.