(lp0
S"EPA Official Accused of Helping Monsanto 'Kill' Cancer Study Bloomberg - Mar 14, 2017 The Environmental Protection Agency official who was in charge of evaluating the cancer risk of Monsanto Co.'s Roundup allegedly bragged to a company executive that he deserved a medal if he could kill another agency's investigation into the herbicide ...Has Monsanto Orchestrated a Massive Cancer Coverup? Unsealed Court Case ... - AlterNetThe EPA May Have Been in Bed with Big Pesticide for Years - Esquire.com"
p1
aS"Monsanto buildings appear on commercial realty site; company says it's an accident fox2now.com - 17 hours ago CREVE COEUR, MO  - Agribusiness giant Monsanto denied rumors Friday that it was selling multiple buildings at its Creve Coeur campus after the buildings were discovered on a commercial realty site."
p2
aS'Monsanto Company  Stake Held by Pittenger &amp; Anderson Inc. BNB Daily  - 1 hour ago Monsanto Company logo Pittenger &amp; Anderson Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of Monsanto Company  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p3
aS"Bayer Said to Plan Sales of Seed Assets to Pre-empt Regulators Bloomberg - 20 hours ago Bayer AG will put some of its seed businesses up for sale, according to people familiar with the matter, in an attempt to address likely antitrust concerns over its $66 billion combination with Monsanto Co. The Leverkusen, Germany-based company will ...Why Bayer's Buyout of Monsanto Will Likely Proceed - Agriculture.com"
p4
aS'Pima County strikes Monsanto tax deal incentive, company moves forward with ... Arizona Daily Wildcat - Feb 22, 2017 The Pima County Board of Supervisors pulled discussion of a deal with the Monsanto Company from their meeting on Tuesday, Feb. 21.Fortune 500 company Monsanto to grow GMO corn in Tucson - Cronkite NewsMonsanto withdraws from property tax break - Tucson Local Media'
p5
aS'Should You Try To Profit From The Bayer/Monsanto Deal? Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 In the case of the Bayer/Monsanto deal, Monsanto agreed to be acquired by Bayer for $128 per share or $66 B. If the deal materializes, it will be the largest cash transaction on record and will combine two companies that comprise a quarter of the world ...'
p6
aS'California Judge Rules Against Monsanto, Allows Cancer Warning on Roundup EcoWatch - Mar 11, 2017 Judge Kapetan formalized her ruling Friday against Monsanto, which will allow California to proceed with the process of listing glyphosate, the active ingredient in Roundup, as a chemical &quot;known to the state to cause cancer&quot; in accordance with the Safe&nbsp;...Behind a corporate monster: How Monsanto pushes agricultural domination - Green Left WeeklyJudge Threatens to Sanction Monsanto for Secrecy in Roundup Cancer Litigation - Huffington Post'
p7
aS'Monsanto Company  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 15 Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 Monsanto Company  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 15, as the stock lost 0.53% to close at $113.37. On the day, Monsanto Company saw 3 million shares trade hands on 17,145 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Monsanto: Acquisition By Bayer A Done Deal? Not So Fast. Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 Bayer and Monsanto say the combined companies will spend more on research and development, but farmers say they will be stuck with higher prices and less innovation.'
p9
aS'Monsanto Company  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 21 Equities.com - Feb 21, 2017 Monsanto Company  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 21, as the stock gained 1.44% to close at $110.57. On the day, Monsanto Company saw 3.8 million shares trade hands on 25,093 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...'
p10
a.