(lp0
S'Marathon Petroleum Corp. and MPLX LP announce executive retirement Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 FINDLAY, Ohio, March 15, 2017 - Marathon Petroleum Corporation  and MPLX LP  today announced the retirement of Randy S. Nickerson, executive vice president, Corporate Strategy, MPC, and executive vice president and chief&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Brokerages Set Marathon Petroleum Corp  PT at $55.63 BNB Daily  - 7 hours ago Marathon Petroleum Corp logo Marathon Petroleum Corp  has been assigned a consensus recommendation of Buy from the sixteen research firms that are currently covering the firm.Is It Time to go for Marathon Petroleum Corp. , American International ... - StockNewsJournalSuccessful Earnings Option Trading: Marathon Petroleum Corporation  - CML News'
p2
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corp. appoints Rodney P. Nichols as executive vice ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 FINDLAY, Ohio, March 9, 2017 - Marathon Petroleum Corp.  today announced the appointment of Rodney P. Nichols, senior vice president, Human Resources and Administrative Services, to executive vice president, Human Resources, Health and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corp. drops down terminal, pipeline and storage assets to ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 FINDLAY, Ohio, March 1, 2017 - Marathon Petroleum Corp.  and MPLX LP  today closed a transaction in which MPC contributed certain terminal, pipeline and storage assets to MPLX for total consideration of $2.015 billion.Marathon Petroleum sells assets to its MLP for $2 billion - Reuters'
p4
aS"Briefs -- Gulf South Pipeline | Marathon Petroleum Corp. | PA DEP | SoCal ... Natural Gas Intelligence - Mar 10, 2017 Ohio-based Marathon Petroleum Corp.'s midstream master limited partnership , MPLX LP, closed a $220 million oil pipeline acquisition and separately received a $2 billion dropdown of oil terminal, pipeline and storage assets from Marathon."
p5
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corporation  Rises 3.1% for March 15 Equities.com - Mar 15, 2017 Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Wednesday March 15 was Marathon Petroleum Corporation , popping some 3.1% to a price of $51.56 a share with some 5.92 million shares trading hands.'
p6
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corp  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by Analysts Chaffey Breeze - Mar 15, 2017 Marathon Petroleum Corp logo Marathon Petroleum Corp  has received an average rating of Buy from the sixteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock.The Marathon Petroleum Corp  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by ... - Petro Global News 24Digging Up the Facts on Marathon Petroleum Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p7
aS'Marathon Petroleum promotes Nichols The Courier - Mar 11, 2017 Rodney Nichols has been promoted by Marathon Petroleum Corp. to executive vice president for human resources, health and administrative services.Taking a Look at the Data Behind Marathon Petroleum Corporation  - StockNewsJournalQ1 2017 EPS Estimates for Marathon Petroleum Corp Decreased by Analyst  - BNB Daily '
p8
aS'Stock Alert: Marathon Petroleum Corporation Price Volatility Hits A Plunging Low CML News - 16 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Marathon Petroleum Corporation  has seen its stock price move at a collapsing low level.'
p9
aS"Marathon Petroleum Corporation : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - Mar 15, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Marathon Petroleum Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.