(lp0
S'Microsoft Corporation : Surface Book 2 May Ditch the Tablet Form Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 When Microsoft decided to take the next step into the hardware game by building its own laptop, it wanted to enter the market with a premium device.Microsoft Corporation  Begins Mass-Production of its Next-Gen Surface Book - Smrt Stck Nws'
p1
aS"LinkedIn Corp  Co-Founder Joins Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 I've long admired Reid's ability to identify disruptive technologies and the passion we share for how digital platforms can create [a] new opportunity for people around the world, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said in a statement. As a board member ..."
p2
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Microsoft Corporation Motley Fool - Mar 11, 2017 Microsoft  shares rallied 24% over the past 12 months, hitting a historic high and outperforming the S&amp;P 500's 18% gain.Microsoft Corporation  Picks ARM Chips For Its Cloud Servers - Market Exclusive"
p3
aS'Microsoft Corporation  is an attractive dividend stock, but are there ... Simply Wall St - 23 hours ago Microsoft Corporation  has pleased shareholders over the past 10 years paying out an average dividend of 2.48% annually.Microsoft Corporation  Stock: Create Income From Value - Investorplace.comMicrosoft: Will This Dividend Stock Resume Its Growth Profile? - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS"EOD Risers: McDonald's Corporation, Merck &amp; Co., Inc., Microsoft Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 16, 2017 Shares in McDonald's Corporation ticker code:  a company that operates and franchises McDonald's restaurants, climbed 0.06% or 0.08 points throughout yesterday's trading day."
p5
aS"How Does the Chart Look for Microsoft Corporation  ? The USA Commerce - 21 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Microsoft Corporation , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Nvidia Corporation  Pairs With Microsoft Corporation  in AI Power Move Nasdaq - Mar 13, 2017 But Nvidia Corporation  is making a move to put itself at the center of cloud computing and AI with the announcement of the HGX-1, a new architecture standard featuring NVDA hardware, developed in partnership with Microsoft Corporation&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Microsoft: The Rush To Scale 'Olympus' Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 It's nice when everyone wants to be your friend, and right now at the 2017 Open Compute Project  US Summit, it seems that everyone wants to be Microsoft's  friend. That's because Microsoft's Project Olympus seems to be the next OCP&nbsp;...AMD Collaborates with Microsoft to Advance Open Source Cloud Hardware - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS"AAA Credit Rating Stocks In Focus: Microsoft Corporation  ValueWalk - Mar 7, 2017 This stellar credit rating is a testament to the strength and stability of Microsoft's business model. Microsoft has delivered incredible total returns over the years, and made Bill Gates  a billionaire many times over. He is the ...AAA Credit Rating Stocks In Focus: Microsoft - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'Microsoft Corporation adding MacBook Pro Touch Bar support to Office  Market Exclusive - Feb 17, 2017 In other news, Microsoft Corporation  is planning to add mouse and keyboard support to the Xbox One console. Xbox boss Phil Spencer has told an Xbox fan that the company would like to add any PC peripheral support to the Xbox One,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.