(lp0
S"Materion Corp. names Delphi Automotive exec as CEO Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 3, 2017 Mayfield Heights-based advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  announced a leadership succession that installs a veteran Delphi Automotive executive as CEO.Materion Corp.  Names Richard J. Hipple as Executive Chairman; Jugal K ... - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS"Materion Corp. completes $30 million acquisition of Germany's Heraeus Group Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 1, 2017 Mayfield Heights-based advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  said it has completed the previously announced $30 million acquisition of the target materials business of the Heraeus Group of Hanau, Germany.Materion Corporation Completes Heraeus Target Materials Acquisition - Yahoo Finance"
p2
aS'Materion Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 17 hours ago Materion Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.6% to close at $33.45. On the day, Materion Corporation saw 336,359 shares trade hands on 1,365 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Materion Corp. expands the responsibilities of three executives Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 4, 2017 Advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  of Mayfield Heights announced the transition of responsibilities for finance and legal functions stemming from the retirement of Michael C. Hasychak, the company's vice president, treasurer and&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'BRIEF-Materion Corporation announces planned leadership succession Reuters - Mar 3, 2017 ... * Materion Corp - Jugal K. Vijayvargiya has joined Materion and succeeded Hipple as president and chief executive officer.'
p5
aS"Growth is next on the agenda at Materion Corp. Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 18, 2015 The transition has been in the works for a while; Kelley was brought on from PolyOne Corp. in 2011 in anticipation of this change."
p6
aS'Materion Corp  Position Held by Franklin Resources Inc. Chaffey Breeze - Mar 17, 2017 Materion Corp logo Franklin Resources Inc. held its stake in shares of Materion Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Materion Corp  Shares Sold by New York State Teachers Retirement System - BNB Daily Materion Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p7
aS'Brush Engineered Materials plans to change its name to Materion Corp. in March Plain Dealer - Jan 17, 2011 Brush.jpg Joshua Gunter/The Plain DealerBill Coulthart prepares to cover molten metal at Brush Engineered Materials Lorain plant in this 2007 file photo.New name for Williams Advanced Materials - Bizjournals.com'
p8
aS'Materion Corp.  PT Raised to $34 at Jefferies Following 4Q StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Jefferies raised its price target on Materion Corp.  to $34.00  while maintaining a Hold rating. Analyst Martin Engler commented, &quot;MTRN reported adj.Materion Corporation  Plunges 7% on February 20 - Equities.comMaterion Corporation  Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Southeast lab fire caused by titanium powder The Journal News | LoHud.com - Apr 1, 2015 SOUTHEAST - A small fire broke out in a laboratory at a commercial building north of Brewster after a chemical exploded when a worker opened a container Wednesday morning, officials said.'
p10
a.