(lp0
S'NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 About NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics.'
p1
aS"Take a look at Price Fluctuations: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  Is stories - Mar 16, 2017 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc's  witnessed a gain of 4.64% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 0.62.Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  loses confidence of 7 hedge fund ... - Post AnalystShares in View: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  - The Herald"
p2
aS"What We Expect Going Forward From Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  Insider Financial - Oct 13, 2016 We've followed Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  pretty closely over the last year or so. The company is embroiled in litigation, the outcome of which essentially could decide its future as a drugmaker, and this has weighed heavily on its&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Navidea Biopharmaceuticals: Short-Term Pain Or Short-Term Gain? Seeking Alpha - Oct 10, 2016 Navidea  has recently been embroiled in a trench war of litigation with its loan instrument Capital Royalty Group , which starting in the first part of 2016.'
p4
aS'NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Submission of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 About NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics.'
p5
aS'NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 9, 2017 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics.Investors Attention Alert: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  - Is storiesWhy to Keeping Eye on Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc , Atwood Oceanics ... - StockNewsJournal'
p6
aS"Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Enters into Letter of Intent with Cardinal Health ... Yahoo Finance - Sep 6, 2016 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced that it has executed a Letter of Intent  with Cardinal Health, Inc.  for the sale of all rights, title and interest to Navidea's Lymphoseek product for all FDA-approved ...Cardinal Health in deal to buy Lymphoseek from beleaguered Navidea for up to $310M - Columbus Business FirstNavidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  "
p7
aS"Company Update : Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc's Lymphoseek(r ... Smarter Analyst - Sep 16, 2016 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc  has announced that the European Medicines Agency's  Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use  has granted a positive opinion for a new Lymphoseek 50 microgram kit for&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Navidea Biopharmaceuticals'  CEO Michael Goldberg on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Good morning and welcome to the Navidea Biopharmaceuticals' Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. My name is Carey and I will be your operator for today's call.Navidea Reports 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results - Business Wire "
p9
aS"Stock Price of Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.  Decreases -9.79% Energy Index - Mar 13, 2017 Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. s trend and data analysis indicates that the stock price has dropped -7.72% in the past 12 Weeks but analyzing the 6 month chart of the stock, the price of the stock has managed to drop negative and it has dropped down ...Investor's Alert: Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc  - TopChronicleNavidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc : How technical signals have emerged? - Post Analyst"
p10
a.