(lp0
S"BRIEF-NCI Inc files for non timely 10-K Reuters - Mar 16, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'NCI, Inc.  Controller Embezzled Money StreetInsider.com - Jan 23, 2017 NCI, Inc.  announced today that, based upon preliminary findings, it has discovered that its controller, acting alone, embezzled money from the Company.NCI accuses employee of embezzling millions - Washington Business JournalNCI Announces Internal Investigation - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Rosen Law Firm Continues to Investigate Securities Claims Against NCI, Inc. - NCIT GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 15, 2017  -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces it is continuing to investigate potential securities claims on behalf of shareholders of NCI, Inc. resulting from allegations that NCI may have&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of NCI, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 24, 2017 NEW YORK, Jan. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harwood Feffer LLP  is investigating potential claims against the board of directors of NCI, Inc.   concerning whether the board has breached its fiduciary&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'NCI makes abrupt change at the top Washington Business Journal - Oct 31, 2016 The leadership of Reston-based government IT firm NCI Inc.  is changing hands, with the company announcing Monday that industry vet Paul Dillahay is taking over as president and CEO.NCI, Inc.  CEO Clark Resigns; Successor Named - StreetInsider.comNCI names new CEO as Clark departs - Washington Technology'
p5
aS"Court freezes alleged NCI embezzler's assets as feds open investigation Washington Business Journal - Feb 15, 2017 A circuit court judge in Fairfax County has frozen the assets of a former controller at NCI Inc. following allegations last month that he embezzled millions from the company over several years, court documents filed on Feb. 2 reveal.Which Analysts Are Watching NCI, Inc. ? - Fiscal Standard"
p6
aS'BRIEF-NCI Inc says co, units entered into amendment to loan and security agreement Reuters - Feb 3, 2017 BRIEF-NCI Inc says co, units entered into amendment to loan and security agreement. Feb 3 NCI Inc. * NCI Inc - On Jan. 31, co and its units entered into certain fourth amendment to amended and restated loan and security agreement, dated December 13,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'NCI, Inc. : Is The Stock Undervalued? Business Review - Mar 16, 2017 The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p8
aS'NCI, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Feb 14, 2017 As previously disclosed on January 23, 2017, NCI, Inc., a Delaware corporation , commenced an internal investigation upon discovering that its former controller, Jon Frank, had been embezzling money from the Company.'
p9
aS"Buzz Stocks: McDonald's Corporation, Sprint Corp, and NCI Inc Schaeffers Research  - Jan 23, 2017 Dow futures are pointing to a lower start as traders lean toward caution for the first full week of Donald Trump's presidency."
p10
a.