(lp0
S"Energy Systems Catapult and BEAMA formalise Joint Working Voltimum - Mar 16, 2017 In front of more than 100 guests, at the official opening ceremony of the Catapult's office- Cannon House, both Philip New, of the Energy Systems Catapult, and Dr Howard Porter, of BEAMA, outlined the benefits and opportunities that the agreement will ..."
p1
aS'Pressure mounts on Finkel energy review to consider price on carbon The Guardian - Mar 17, 2017 In its Finkel submission, Australian Industry  group, representing manufacturers and other industries, supported a carbon market mechanism, saying the electricity system urgently needed a clear, efficient and durable climate policy to underpin new&nbsp;...Finkel gets jolt of reality over energy - NEWS.com.au'
p2
aS"Environmental policies are driving down consumer energy bills, experts say The Independent - Mar 16, 2017 The average consumer has saved 115 a year on their energy bills since the Government committed to legally binding targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, according to a new analysis by the Government's climate change advisers. Annual gas and ...Government advisors conclude UK has cut emissions without pushing up energy bills - www.businessgreen.comCP Daily: Wednesday March 15, 2017 - Carbon Pulse "
p3
aS"Bangor University to lead 6m probe into Irish Sea fisheries and climate change Daily Post North Wales - Mar 6, 2017 The Telecommunications Software and Systems Group  at Waterford Institute of Technology in Ireland will research and design new energy networks in collaboration with Cardiff University. Milford Haven Port Authority and Ireland's seafood&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'EBI, Shell sign $25 million partnership to fund new energy tech research UC Berkeley - Mar 15, 2017 The overarching objective is to harness the power of renewable energy sources to develop the fuels of the future, create robust options for energy storage, build capabilities in computational material science and chemistry, and probe the potential of ...'
p5
aS'Vattenfall to use BMW lithium batteries for energy storage projects CleanTechnology News, Industry Analysis, Market Research Reports - Clean Technology Business Review - Mar 16, 2017 &quot;We want to use the sites where we generate electricity from renewable energies in order to drive the transformation to a new energy system and to facilitate the integration of renewable energies into the energy system with the storage facilities.'
p6
aS"How Upper Austria is tackling heating emissions through awareness raising and ... The Climate Group - Feb 22, 2017 The new case study is part of The Climate Group's Energy Transition Platform, a global initiative supporting highly industrialized, sub-national governments in accelerating the low carbon transition, and looks at how Upper Austria is activating both ..."
p7
aS"Australia's 'clean' coal push ignites furious debate Financial Times - Feb 21, 2017 There is room for diversity in our energy system - but not ideology, says Innes Wilcox, chief executive of the Australian Industry Group. He says new coal plants would take five to 10 years to build. The technology behind the plants has never been ..."
p8
aS'Government intervention has led to higher energy bills, claims Lords report The Guardian - Feb 24, 2017 Ministers should establish a new energy commission to spur on construction of power stations because successive governments have failed to encourage enough fresh power capacity in the UK, according to a House of Lords report.'
p9
aS"Australia's summer broke 205 weather records, climate group says BBC News - Mar 8, 2017 More than 200 weather records were broken during Australia's most recent summer, a climate group has warned. The Climate Council report, titled &quot;Angry ... &quot;We're experiencing unprecedented extreme heat and setting new records at an alarming rate, with ..."
p10
a.