(lp0
S"Maine bank acquires NH's Lake Sunapee Bank Group New Hampshire Business Review - May 6, 2016 Stephen Theroux, Lake Sunapee's president and CEO, touted the merger, saying it creates value for the shareholders, customers and employees of both companies, while continuing to provide important contributions to the communities in which we operate.Lake Sunapee Bank Group plans merger - The Union LeaderBar Harbor Bankshares announces plan to acquire Lake Sunapee Bank of NH - The Ellsworth American"
p1
aS'Lake Sunapee Bank to Be Acquired by Bar Harbor Bankshares Valley News - May 6, 2016 Newport, N.H. - Lake Sunapee Bank Group, which has 35 branches in New Hampshire and Vermont, has agreed to be acquired by Maine-based Bar Harbor Bankshares in an all-stock, $143 million transaction.'
p2
aS'Job Cuts Planned At Lake Sunapee Bank Valley News - Oct 16, 2016 Newport, N.H. - Lake Sunapee Bank, which is being acquired by Bar Harbor Bankshares, has notified an unspecified number of employees that they will be losing their jobs beginning in January when the deal is scheduled to close.'
p3
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares Expands Into New Hampshire and Vermont with Lake Sunapee ... Business Wire  - May 5, 2016 BAR HARBOR, Maine &amp; NEWPORT, N.H.----Bar Harbor Bankshares   and Lake Sunapee Bank Group   today announced that they have signed a definitive merger&nbsp;...Bar Harbor Bank buying New Hampshire bank in $143 million deal - Press Herald'
p4
aS'Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announces completion of merger The Ellsworth American - Jan 16, 2017 BAR HARBOR - Bar Harbor Bankshares, the holding company for Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, has successfully completed its merger with Lake Sunapee Bank Group, the holding company for Lake Sunapee Bank. The company is now the only community bank&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares merger moves forward The Ellsworth American - Oct 25, 2016 A plan for the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group took a step forward this week as shareholders of both companies approved the merger agreement.'
p6
aS'Bar Harbor to Buy Lake Sunapee Bank in NH American Banker - May 5, 2016 The $1.6 billion-asset Bar Harbor said in a press release Thursday that it will pay $143 million, or $17 a share, in stock for the $1.6 billion-asset Lake Sunapee. The deal is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2017.'
p7
aS'Ensign to retire after 42 years at Lake Sunapee Bank New Hampshire Business Review - Apr 19, 2013 Stephen W. Ensign, longtime CEO, chairman and most recently executive chairman of Newport-based Lake Sunapee Bank, has announced he will retire from the bank at the end of April.'
p8
aS"Two NH bank mergers in a week part of national trend New Hampshire Business Review - May 10, 2016 The closing on Bank of New Hampshire's acquisition of Plymouth-based Community Guaranty Bancorp, on the heels of the announced merger of Newport-based Lake Sunapee Bank Group with Bar Harbor Bankshares of Maine, indicates that the national&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Ledyard Bank Expands to Concord Valley News - Dec 18, 2016 Hanover - In a move that underscores where Upper Valley banks see future growth, four wealth managers resigned from Lake Sunapee Bank's Charter Trust Co. division and joined Ledyard National Bank as the first step in the Hanover-based bank's&nbsp;..."
p10
a.