(lp0
S"National Retail Properties: Top Results, Robust A/FFO Per-Share Growth, Still ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 Real estate investment trust National Retail Properties, Inc.  reported record results for the 2016 year in February.National Retail Properties, Inc.  Shares Could Reach $50 - Stock Market DailyNational Retail Properties, Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS"National Retail Properties, Inc. Earnings Advance 16% In Q4 RTT News - Feb 13, 2017 National Retail Properties, Inc.  revealed a profit for its fourth quarter that increased compared to the same period last year.National Retail Properties'  CEO Craig Macnab on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking AlphaBuy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Summit Materials, Inc. (SUM ... - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS"BRIEF-National Retail Properties Q4 core FFO per common share $ 0.60 Reuters - Feb 13, 2017 LONDON, Feb 20 The euro recovered some ground against the dollar on Monday after weekend talks aimed at finding a leftist unity candidate for France's presidential election showed little sign of progress."
p3
aS"Technical Reports on REIT Equities -- CoreCivic, STORE Capital, National ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 Diversified REITs are today's featured industry on Stock-Callers.com, and lined up for assessment are: CoreCivic Inc. , STORE Capital Corp."
p4
aS'Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for National Retail Properties, Inc. Reduced by Analyst ... Chaffey Breeze - 3 hours ago National Retail Properties logo National Retail Properties, Inc.  - Equities researchers at Oppenheimer Holdings reduced their Q2 2017 earnings per share  estimates for National Retail Properties in a note issued to investors on Tuesday.Stock Alert: National Retail Properties Inc Stock Volatility Hits A Collapsing Low - CML NewsOppenheimer Holdings Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for National Retail ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'National Retail Properties Enters Oversold Territory Forbes - Oct 6, 2016 But making National Retail Properties Inc an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of NNN entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $46.18 per share.'
p6
aS'National Retail Properties  Passes Through 4% Yield Mark Nasdaq - Feb 4, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , in trading on Tuesday, shares of National Retail Properties Inc  were yielding above the 4% mark based on its quarterly dividend , with the stock ...'
p7
aS'Craig Macnab To Retire As CEO Of National Retail Properties, Inc.; Julian E ... PR Newswire  - Sep 29, 2016 ORLANDO, Fla., Sept. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- National Retail Properties, Inc.   today announced that Craig Macnab, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, will retire as CEO and step down as Chairman and a&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"National Retail Properties: Yield Advantage, Low Volatility Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2017 National Retail Properties'  preferred shares offer income investors a better deal than the common shares. They have a higher dividend yield, and carry much less downside."
p9
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Molina Healthcare, Inc. , National Retail ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 National Retail Properties, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $43.55, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.08, compared to an industry average at 1.67.Which insiders are selling National Retail Properties, Inc. ? - Post AnalystStock Returns: Alexander's Inc  versus National Retail Properties ... - CML News"
p10
a.