(lp0
S'Nationstar Mortgage  to Pay $1.75M Civil Penalty CFPB Fine for Flawed ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 15, 2017 Nationstar, a nationwide nonbank mortgage lender headquartered in Coppell, Texas, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. With nearly 3 million customers, Nationstar Mortgage Holdings is a major participant in the mortgage&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Nationstar Establishes Subservicing Relationship with New Residential Business Wire  - Jan 30, 2017 DALLAS----Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.   announced today that it has entered into a subservicing agreement with New Residential Mortgage LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New Residential Investment&nbsp;...Citi to Exit Mortgage Servicing, Sell $97 Billion Portfolio - BloombergCitiMortgage Accelerates Close of Mortgage Servicing Business - The MReport'
p2
aS'Consumer Financial Protection Bureau takes action against Nationstar Mortgage ... CUinsight.com  - Mar 15, 2017 Nationstar, a nationwide nonbank mortgage lender headquartered in Coppell, Texas, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. With nearly 3 million customers, Nationstar Mortgage Holdings is a major participant in the mortgage&nbsp;...Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Receives $16.81 Average Price Target ... - BNB Daily Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'Air Transport Services Group, Goldman Sachs, Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Times of India - Feb 24, 2017 HIGHLIGHTS * Air Transport Services Group : Imperial Capital starts with an in-line rating * Goldman Sachs : Berenberg cuts to sell from hold * Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc : Barclays cuts to underweight from equal weight Following is a summary of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 15, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 15, as the stock lost 1.65% to close at $19.05.Should You Buy Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  On Current Analyst ... - Fiscal Standard'
p5
aS"Option Trading: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Winning Short Put ... CML News - Mar 7, 2017 We're going to look at a wonderful result using short put spreads for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc by pinpointing earnings risk, and then navigating around it."
p6
aS'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc logo Piper Jaffray Companies downgraded shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  from a neutral rating to an underweight rating in a research note published on Wednesday.Analysts Set Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  PT at $16.81 - The Cerbat GemStock Returns: Meta Financial Group Inc  is Beating Nationstar ... - CML News'
p7
aS"Nationstar Mortgage Holdings'  CEO Jay Bray on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - May 4, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].Nationstar Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire "
p8
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  CML News - Mar 10, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p9
aS'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 22, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 22, as the stock gained 1.46% to close at $18.79.Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  PT Raised to $17.00 - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.