(lp0
S'NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of ... Market Exclusive - Feb 7, 2017 NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc. is a manufacturer of security products, encompassing access control systems, door-locking products, intrusion and fire alarm systems and video surveillance products.NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc. to Present at the Southwest IDEAS Investor ... - Satellite PR News '
p1
aS"NAPCO Security Technologies'  CEO Richard Soloway on Q2 2017 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 Greetings, and welcome to the NAPCO Security Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all ... On the call today is Richard Soloway, President and CEO of NAPCO Security Technologies and Kevin Buchel, Senior Vice President and ...Given Its Low Debt-Load, Is Napco Security Technologies Inc  A ... - Simply Wall StNapco Security's net income falls 12 percent - Newsday"
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Control4 Corporation  versus Napco Security ... CML News - 17 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Control4 Corporation  versus Napco Security Technologies Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Relative Strength Index Reveals Napco Security Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:NSSC ... Aiken Advocate - 2 hours ago Napco Security Technologies, Inc.  shares have moved into overbought range as the 14-day RSI reading reached 81.37 after the recent close.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ ... - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Napco Security Technologies Inc  Upside Stock Technicals at ... CML News - Mar 12, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Napco Security Technologies Inc  . The company has a five bull technical rating which indicates extreme strength.'
p5
aS"Napco Security Technologies  Reaches $10.45 52-Week High; Last Week ... HuronReport - Mar 15, 2017 The stock of Napco Security Technologies Inc  hit a new 52-week high and has $10.97 target or 5.00% above today's $10.45 share price."
p6
aS'NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc.  Issues Earnings Results The Cerbat Gem - Feb 8, 2017 NAPCO Security Technologies logo NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc.  released its earnings results on Monday.'
p7
aS"Trading Report: Narrowing in on Shares of Napco Security Technologies, Inc ... BVN - 20 hours ago Tracking volatility data, Napco Security Technologies, Inc. 's 12 month volatility is currently 26.054400."
p8
aS"My Home Starlink App by Napco SecurityInfoWatch - Oct 14, 2012 Now available for Napco's popular StarLink SLE-GSM Universal Radio, is the My Home Starlink App by Napco Security Technologies, Inc.. The App can be downloaded for iPhone/iPad or Droid smart devices, free from iTunes, Android Market or Google Play&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Napco Security net income up 80 percent on recurring fees Newsday - Nov 7, 2016 Napco Security Technologies Inc.'s net income rose by 80 percent in the most recent quarter, due to increases in subscription revenues and sales of school security products."
p10
a.