(lp0
S'Aurora Capital Group Completes Acquisition of National Technical Systems, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 22, 2013 LOS ANGELES and CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 22, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Aurora Capital Group , a Los Angeles-based private equity firm with over $2 billion of assets under management, and National Technical Systems, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p1
aS"National Technical Systems acquires Wyle Labs testing business in Huntsville ... al.com - Mar 19, 2014 A news release announcing the acquisition said NTS Huntsville is the largest independent environmental testing lab in the country and serves the aerospace, defense, nuclear and voting systems industries. The acquisition of the three facilities will ...National Technical Systems Announces Acquisition of Wyle Laboratories' Testing ... - PR Newswire National Technical Systems Acquires Wyle Laboratories in Huntsville, California - whnt.com"
p2
aS'National Technical Systems Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement Proposal at ... PR Newswire  - Nov 19, 2013 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 19, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, today announced that its shareholders overwhelmingly approved the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'National Technical Systems - Investors Have Landed The Sweet Spot Seeking Alpha - Aug 20, 2013 Investors in National Technical Systems  already had a great run, but received icing on the cake after the company agreed to sell itself to private equity firm Aurora Capital Group. Investors who have done their research into this&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'National Technical Systems Acquires Lightning Technologies, Inc. PR Newswire  - Sep 2, 2011 CALABASAS, Calif., Sept. 2, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, announced today that it has taken another key step in its strategic plan to grow NTS into a&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'National Technical Systems Sends Letter to Shareholders PR Newswire  - Aug 22, 2011 CALABASAS, Calif., Aug. 22, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, today announced that it is sending a letter to its shareholders from the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'National Technical Systems Completes Acquisition of Mechtronic Solutions, Inc. PR Newswire  - Dec 20, 2010 CALABASAS, Calif., Dec. 20, 2010 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of engineering services, announced today that it has completed the acquisition of privately-held Mechtronic Solutions,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'National Technical Systems Reports Record Annual Operating Results for Fiscal ... PR Newswire  - Apr 30, 2013 CALABASAS, Calif., April 30, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, today reported its financial results for the fiscal year and the fourth quarter ended ...'
p8
aS'NTS Hires Dr. Vicki Panhuise as President, Testing PR Newswire  - Nov 9, 2015 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, announced today that it has ...'
p9
aS'National Technical Systems Announces Acquisition of Garwood Laboratories PR Newswire  - Jun 12, 2012 CALABASAS, Calif., June 12, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, announced today that it has acquired all the outstanding shares of stock of privately-held&nbsp;...'
p10
a.