(lp0
S"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : What The Whitebox Agreement Tells Us Insider Financial - Mar 13, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  has been a real tough stock to hold over the last couple of years. It's fallen prey to aggressive short sell type manipulation.Stock Recent Trading Summary: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - Is stories"
p1
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Just Gave Us The Update We Were ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 For a long time, we've kept Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  on our radar. The company has been one of the hardest stocks to read over the last eighteen months, rooted in a clinical hold on its lead asset, and sentiment surrounding its&nbsp;...Northwest Bio Spikes on Lifting of Clinical Hold  - InvestopediaNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Stock current Trends Analysis - TopChronicle"
p2
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Is About To Turnaround Insider Financial - Dec 14, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  shareholders have been waiting for some level of insight into its brain cancer trial for more than twelve months.'
p3
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : Here's Our Take On The Latest Update Insider Financial - Nov 18, 2016 Well, here's one for the books. Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  just put out a fresh press release, updating markets as to the progress of its operations."
p4
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : Heading For A Reversal? Insider Financial - Oct 4, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is grabbing headlines again. The company put out some data at the end of September purporting to a phase 1 trial of its DCVax-Direct treatment, and response has been mixed.'
p5
aS'2 institutional investors are raising stakes in Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc ... Post Analyst - Mar 17, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  reached 12.19% versus a 1-year low price of $0.32. The stock was last seen 4.06% higher, reaching at $0.36 on March 16, 2017.Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p6
aS"Why Shares of Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc Are Crashing Today Motley Fool - Aug 21, 2015 Take Long View. What: Shares of Northwest Biotherapeutics , a small-cap clinical biotech company with a focus on immuno-oncology, are down more than 16% today on news of a phase 3 clinical trial halt for the company's lead compound.Northwest Bio suspends patient screening in brain cancer trial - Reuters"
p7
aS'Why Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc. Stock Skyrocketed 36% in 2014 Motley Fool - Sep 26, 2014 Finally, NW Bio had its first revenue channel opened when, in March, the Paul Ehrlich Institute  approved DCVax-L on the hospital exemption basis for the treatment of any form of glioma, a type ...'
p8
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : What's Going On Behind The Scenes? Insider Financial - Jan 24, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is drawing a considerable amount of what can only be referred to as ridicule right now."
p9
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  Signs Of Recovery? The Oracle Dispatch - Sep 22, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  is finally showing signs of strength in the past month. This very well could be a dead cat bounce for a stock that's been beat up until recently.Stock Update : Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc Presents Updated ... - Smarter Analyst"
p10
a.