(lp0
S"Eva Mendes and New York &amp; Company expand fashion collaboration Malay Mail Online - 11 hours ago Eva Mendes Collection Spring 2017. - Picture courtesy of PRNewsFoto/New York &amp; Company, IncNEW YORK, March 18 - Eva Mendes's fashion career is going from strength to strength.New York &amp; Company Plans to Double the Eva Mendes Business - PR Newswire "
p1
aS"New York &amp; Company's  CEO Greg Scott on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 The growth in accessories is driven by our strong gifting strategies during our holiday season which also led to expansion in our sweater category, a very important category for New York &amp; Company during fourth quarter. In total, however, these ..."
p2
aS'What Makes New York &amp; Company Inc  A Financially Strong Company, Is It ... Simply Wall St - Mar 16, 2017 New York &amp; Company Inc , with a market capitalization of USD $146 Million, is considered a small-cap company.New York &amp; Company, Inc.  Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS"New York &amp; Co: Priced To Buy Seeking Alpha - Dec 30, 2016 But in taking a look at comparable department stores including New York &amp; Company, Inc. , Express , Bebe , Tilly's  and Aeropostale ; there are wide swings in these stock prices."
p4
aS"New York &amp; Company, Inc. Announces 2016 Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results Business Wire  - Mar 16, 2017 New York &amp; Company, Inc. is a specialty retailer of women's fashion apparel and accessories, and the modern wear-to-work destination for women, providing fashion that is feminine, polished, on-trend and versatile."
p5
aS'Stock Returns: New York &amp; Company Inc  is Beating Destination ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Destination Maternity Corporation  versus New York &amp; Company Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p6
aS'New York &amp; Company Appoints Michelle Pearlman as EVP, eCommerce and Chief ... Business Wire  - Nov 8, 2016 NEW YORK----New York &amp; Company, Inc. , a specialty apparel chain with 483 retail stores, today announced that Michelle Pearlman has been named to the position of Executive Vice President, eCommerce and Chief&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Disgruntled Shareholders Call Out New York &amp; Company Management Benzinga - Dec 16, 2016 Kanen Wealth Management/The Philotimo Fund delivered on Friday a letter to New York &amp; Company, Inc. 's board of directors."
p8
aS"New York &amp; Company Launches Customer-Inspired Capsule Collections Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 Specialty women's apparel chain, New York &amp; Company, Inc. [NYSE:NWY] is thrilled to announce the launch of collections inspired by customers."
p9
aS"New York &amp; Company's  CEO Greg Scott on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 1, 2016 Good day and welcome to the New York &amp; Company Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.New York &amp; Company, Inc. Announces 2016 Third Quarter Results and Introduces ... - Business Wire "
p10
a.