(lp0
S"Oracle: Now Is The Time To Buy Seeking Alpha - 22 hours ago Oracle's total cloud business has reached the $5 billion mark; the company now sells more cloud apps than Salesforce.Oracle Corporation announces Q3 results - Pakistan ObserverOracle Could Run Away with $50.8 Billion in Enterprise Spending - Market Realist"
p1
aS"Can Oracle Keep Up Its Cloud Revenue Growth In The Third Quarter? Benzinga - Mar 15, 2017 It's a generally a quiet time of the year for earnings and a lot of focus is on The Fed's March meeting, but tech heavyweight Oracle Corporation  earnings come out after market close today. Going into earnings, Oracle's stock price is up a ..."
p2
aS'Why Oracle Corporation  Could Acquire Salesforce.com, Inc  BNL Finance    - 13 hours ago Oracle Corporation  is now tipping the scale with a valuation of $200 billion. Hence, there is great value in ORCL stock for M&amp;A.Sharp Pullback for Oracle Corporation  Following Fiscal 3Q Results ... - Smrt Stck NwsIs Trouble Ahead? Stock Looks to Reverse Course in Session: Oracle Corporation ... - Aiken Advocate'
p3
aS"Thursday's Market Insights: GoPro Inc , Oracle Corporation  Smarter Analyst - Mar 16, 2017 Oracle Corporation  shares are up 8% to $46.53 in Thursday's trading session, after the business software giant reported solid fiscal third-quarter results, hiked its quarterly dividend by 27%, and reiterated its goal of growing EPS at a ...Market Challenge: Oracle Delivers - Seeking AlphaOracle  Beats on Q3 Earnings &amp; Revenues; Stock Up - Yahoo Finance"
p4
aS"Oracle Makes New All-Time High Benzinga - Mar 16, 2017 Oracle Corporation  shares are trading higher by $3.68  at $46.73 in Thursday's session. The catalyst for the rally is a Q4 EPS beat along with a $400 million beat for revenues."
p5
aS'Oracle Corporation  Heffx Technical Analysis Live Trading News - Mar 17, 2017 A big black candle occurred. This is bearish, as prices closed significantly lower than they opened. If the candle appears when prices are high, it may be the first sign of a top.'
p6
aS"Thursday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. , Oracle Corporation  and Tesla ... Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Thursday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. , Oracle Corporation  On the economic data calendar, weekly jobless claims are due out ahead of the open, while reports on housing starts, building permits and the Philly Fed index are due later this morning."
p7
aS'Oracle: Same Program, Same Station, Different Time Seeking Alpha - Mar 17, 2017 Oracle reported the results of its fiscal Q3 last evening. The results were a beat on earnings and a small miss on revenues.'
p8
aS'Oracle Earnings Preview: All About The Cloud Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 SaaS and PaaS gross margins expanded by a whopping 18 percentage points YOY to 61% last quarter, and helped to finally stabilize total company op margins. Profitability in cloud  seems to be heading in&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Oracle Corporation : Good Against Low Expectations Says BMO Smrt Stck Nws - Mar 16, 2017 Given inconsistent performance, BMO Capital Markets believes that Oracle Corporation's  quarter and guidance, while not spectacular, is enough to push the shares higher."
p10
a.