(lp0
S'MATEON THERAPEUTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Mateon Therapeutics, Inc., formerly OXiGENE, Inc., is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development of vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of cancer.Mateon Therapeutics Announces Initial Data from Third Cohort of Phase 1b Study ... - GlobeNewswire Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Rating Reiterated by Rodman &amp; Renshaw - BNB Daily '
p1
aS"OXiGENE Announces Name Change to Mateon Therapeutics GlobeNewswire  - Jun 17, 2016 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., June 17, 2016  -- OXiGENE, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for orphan oncology indications, today announced that it has changed its&nbsp;...OXiGENE  Changes Name to 'Mateon Therapeutics', Ticker 'MATN' - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Announces Initial Pre-clinical Data on Combination of CA4P ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 13, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Feb. 13, 2017  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, today&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Mateon Therapeutics to Present at 29th Annual ROTH Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 08, 2017  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, today announced&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Receives Buy Rating from Rodman &amp; Renshaw Chaffey Breeze - Mar 14, 2017 Mateon Therapeutics Inc logo Rodman &amp; Renshaw reissued their buy rating on shares of Mateon Therapeutics Inc  in a research note issued to investors on Monday.Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Given Buy Rating at Rodman &amp; Renshaw - The Cerbat GemMateon Therapeutics Inc  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at HC ... - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS"Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.'s  stock price is now worth at $0.64 while ... Hot Stocks Point - 6 hours ago Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.  ended its day with loss -4.48% and finalized at the price of $0.64. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.07 million shares."
p6
aS"Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Maxim Group The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Mateon Therapeutics logo Mateon Therapeutics Inc 's stock had its buy rating reiterated by Maxim Group in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday.The Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rodman &amp; Renshaw - Petro Global News 24Analysts Offer Insights on Healthcare Companies: Mateon Therapeutics Inc ... - Analyst Ratings"
p7
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Now Covered by HC Wainwright Chaffey Breeze - Mar 13, 2017 Mateon Therapeutics logo Equities research analysts at HC Wainwright assumed coverage on shares of Mateon Therapeutics Inc  in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday.Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Earns Buy Rating from Rodman &amp; Renshaw - BNB Daily '
p8
aS'UPDATE -- Mateon Therapeutics to Present New Improved Survival Outcomes for ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 20, 2016 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., June 20, 2016  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , formerly OXiGENE, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Is The Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Delisting A Discount Op? Market Exclusive - Nov 25, 2016 Mateon Therapeutics Inc  has spent the last few months petitioning its shareholders for approval of a reverse split.'
p10
a.