(lp0
S'BRIEF-Pathfinder Bancorp announces promotion of James Dowd to EVP, COO/CFO of ... Reuters - 18 hours ago Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of james a. Dowd to executive vice president, coo/cfo of pathfinder bank. * Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of ronald a. Tascarella to executive vice president, chief credit officer of ...'
p1
aS'Dowd Named Executive Vice President, C00/CFO at Pathfinder Bank Oswego Daily News - 19 hours ago Pathfinder Bank is a New York State chartered commercial bank headquartered in Oswego, whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Armada Hoffler Properties Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to ... Reuters - 18 hours ago BRIEF-Armada Hoffler Properties Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $400 mln. March 17 Armada Hoffler Properties Inc: * Armada Hoffler ... Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of james a. Dowd to executive vice president, coo/cfo of ...'
p3
aS'BRIEF-Nutanix says entered memorandum of understanding with Flextronics ... Reuters - 18 hours ago BRIEF-Pathfinder Bancorp announces promotion of James Dowd to EVP, COO/CFO of Pathfinder Bank. * Pathfinder bancorp inc - announced promotion of james a. Dowd to executive vice president, coo/cfo of pathfinder bank&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Adam C. Gagas Elected to Pathfinder Bank Board of Directors Marketwired  - Mar 31, 2014 Pathfinder Bank is a New York State chartered savings bank headquartered in Oswego, whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.'
p5
aS"Chris Burritt Named Chairman of Pathfinder Bank Board Oswego County Business Magazine - Jan 7, 2014 The bank's growth and success are attributable to a forward thinking board of directors, president and CEO Tom Schneider's skilled leadership, and the dedication of the Pathfinder family of employees. It is gratifying to know that, as chairman of the ..."
p6
aS'Trump presses Democrats on Obamacare, calls for bipartisan fix Reuters - Jan 5, 2017 WASHINGTON Jan 5 U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump on Thursday kept up his attacks on Democrats and Obamacare while calling for a bipartisan effort in Congress to come up with a healthcare alternative that would lower costs and improve&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Ambassador Financial Group, Inc. Announces $12 Million Private Placement of ... Marketwired  - Nov 18, 2015 ALLENTOWN, PA-- - Ambassador Financial Group, Inc. today announced the successful completion of a $12 million private placement of subordinated debt for Oconomowoc Bancshares, Inc., the bank holding company of First&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Russia's Rosneft, China's Beijing Gas Group sign deal on Verkhnechonskneftegaz ... Reuters - Nov 7, 2016 ST PETERSBURG, Russia Nov 7 Russia's Rosneft signed an agreement on Monday to sell 20 percent stake in Verkhnechonskneftegaz, a subsidiary of Rosneft, to China's Beijing Gas Group."
p9
aS'Prudential sells closed-book life insurance business in Japan Reuters - Jul 16, 2013 July 16 Prudential Plc said it would sell its closed-book life insurance business in Japan to SBI Holdings Inc for $85 million.'
p10
a.