(lp0
S'Pitney Bowes Delivers the Future of Global Commerce through its Commerce ... Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 STAMFORD, Conn.----Pitney Bowes Inc. , a global technology leader that provides innovative solutions and services powering anywhere-to-everywhere commerce, today announced that it will launch its much anticipated&nbsp;...Pitney Bowes to Unveil Commerce Complete for Retail Platform - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'Pitney Bowes Forms a New Data Practice to Drive Digital Transformation Initiatives Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 STAMFORD, Conn.----Pitney Bowes Inc. , a global technology company that provides innovative products and solutions to power commerce, today introduced a new data practice to help businesses accelerate their digital&nbsp;...Pitney Bowes and Yellowfin to Jointly Develop Visual Insights - Yahoo Finance'
p2
aS"Pitney Bowes' Parcel Sortation Solutions Find Takers in India Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Leading global eCommerce solutions provider, Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI recently gained two new clients - Gati Limited and Flipkart - fortifying its emerging parcel sortation business in India.Pitney Bowes Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 - Equities.com"
p3
aS"Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: NiSource Inc. , Pitney Bowes Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 17, 2017 While trading at volume below than average, Pitney Bowes Inc.  previous 52-week high was $20.80 and moved down -31.33% over the same period, trading at a volume of 2.42 million.Stock On the Run: Pitney Bowes Inc.  - HugoPress"
p4
aS'Pitney Bowes, HP &amp;TagG to Develop Novel IPDS Controller Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI has entered into an agreement with TagG and HP to develop a new native IPDS  Controller for the Pitney Bowes IntelliJet and HP PageWide Web Press printing systems.Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Pitney Bowes And Union Pacific - Benzinga'
p5
aS"Checking Out the Technicals for Pitney Bowes Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Pitney Bowes Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Why Pitney Bowes  Could Be Positioned for a Slump Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Pitney Bowes Inc. PBI, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p7
aS'Why Investors remained confident on Pitney Bowes Inc. , Sprouts Farmers ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Pitney Bowes Inc.  have shown a high EPS growth of -25.20% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -74.80% yoy.'
p8
aS'Highlighting Dividend Growth For Pitney Bowes Inc.  Business Review - 18 hours ago Pitney Bowes Inc.  currently has a 10 year dividend growth rate of -0.05496. This number is calculated using the geometric average which provides the typical value of dividend growth over the specified period using the product of their values.'
p9
aS'Pitney Bowes Inc.: Pitney Bowes and Rapt Media Partner to Expedite Time to ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 6, 2017 6, 2017-- Pitney Bowes Inc. , a global technology company that provides innovative products and solutions to power commerce, and Rapt Media, a leader in high-performance interactive video technology, announced today that they have entered&nbsp;...'
p10
a.