(lp0
S'Porter Bancorp Announces Settlement Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, today announced that a settlement agreement has been reached in the matter of Signature Point Condominiums, LLC v. PBI Bank, Inc. that had been awaiting review by the Kentucky Supreme Court.PORTER BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market ExclusiveBRIEF-Porter Bancorp announces settlement - Reuters'
p1
aS"BRIEF-RMB Capital Holdings reports 9.9 pct passive stake in Porter Bancorp Inc Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Porter Bancorp, Inc. Appoints Two New Board Members Business Wire  - Sep 23, 2015 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, Inc., today announced the addition of new members to its board of directors.'
p3
aS"Porter Bancorp Announces 1 for 5 Reverse Stock Split Business Wire  - Nov 28, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, today announced that its board of directors has approved a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Shares and&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Traders Take Note: Porter Bancorp Inc  Stock Has Droppped ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 Take Note: Porter Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Porter Bancorp Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Aug 10, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Porter Bancorp Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p6
aS"Porter Bancorp, Inc. Adopts Tax Benefits Preservation Plan to Preserve Use of ... Business Wire  - Jun 26, 2015 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc.   today announced that its board of directors adopted a tax benefits preservation plan designed to preserve the value of certain of the Company's deferred tax assets&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Sussex Bancorp  is Beating Porter Bancorp Inc ... CML News - Feb 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Porter Bancorp Inc  versus Sussex Bancorp  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: American River Bankshares  versus Porter Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for American River Bankshares  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  .'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Eastern Virginia Bankshares Inc  versus Porter ... CML News - Feb 21, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Eastern Virginia Bankshares Inc  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...Notable Stock to Monitor: Porter Bancorp, Inc.  - Is storiesIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Porter Bancorp, Inc. ? - The De Soto Edge'
p10
a.