(lp0
S"Carl Icahn's Pep Boys Plan Seeking Alpha - Dec 9, 2015 Carl Icahn is back at it again. In a recent SEC filing, Icahn disclosed a 12.2% stake in Pep Boys-Manny Moe &amp; Jack . He's called for the company to sell its auto parts retail section to his own company, Auto Plus. But now he's interested in ...Pep Boys backs Icahn bid over Bridgestone takeover - Daily MailPep Boys snubs Bridgestone offer for Carl Icahn - CNNMoney"
p1
aS"Why Carl Icahn's Pep Boys Purchase Is Brilliant Motley Fool - Feb 13, 2016 True, there is some value in the Pep Boys name, started by the &quot;boys&quot; themselves -- Manny, Moe and Jack -- just under 100 years ago in Philadelphia. But it's going to take more than history to win in the ultra-competitive world of auto repairs. Not ..."
p2
aS'Bridgestone to buy Pep Boys in $835 million deal Chicago Tribune - Oct 26, 2015 Philadelphia-based Pep Boys - founded by Emanuel &quot;Manny&quot; Rosenfeld, Maurice L. &quot;Moe&quot; Strauss, W. Graham &quot;Jack&quot; Jackson, and Moe Radavitz - was founded in 1921 and first came to the Chicago area in 1993. It currently has 37 stores in the Chicago&nbsp;...Manny, Moe and merger-Pep Boys to be sold for $835 million - Press of Atlantic CityBridgestone to buy US auto parts retailer Pep Boys - Reuters'
p3
aS"Manny, Moe, Jack And Carl? Icahn Wants To Buy Pep Boys For $15.50 A Share Forbes - Dec 4, 2015 Auto parts chain Pep Boys agreed to sell itself in October, but now Carl Icahn has injected himself into the proceedings of the company's $835 million takeover by a unit of tiremaker Bridgestone.Pep Boys' fate: Will Firestone owner beat Icahn's offer? - Philly.com Icahn throws wrench in Bridgestone's Pep Boys deal - Chicago Tribune"
p4
aS"Will Carl Icahn get Manny, Moe &amp; Jacked by Pep Boys? CBS News - Dec 31, 2015 Billionaire investor Carl Icahn bested Japan's Bridgestone in the $1.03 billion battle for auto parts and repair chain Pep Boys-Manny, Moe and Jack , but winning the war for market supremacy against much larger rivals isn't going to be easy. Icahn ...Pep Boys Is Lying To You - JalopnikIcahn outbids Bridgestone in Pep Boys buyout - Autoblog "
p5
aS"Manny, Moe and Jack's new home: a museum Bizjournals.com  - Jun 21, 2012 We are delighted that Pep Boys chose the Petersen to showcase this iconic piece of American automotive history, said Buddy Pepp, the museum's executive director.Pep Boys Donates Historic Manny, Moe &amp; Jack Marquee Statue - Business Wire "
p6
aS'Did Carl Icahn Get A Lemon With His Pep Boys Purchase? Seeking Alpha - Jan 3, 2016 Pep Boys  was purchased by Carl Icahn for $1 billion. He paid $18.50 per share for the company which is far higher than the $12 per share it was trading for months ago.Icahn wins Pep Boys bidding as Bridgestone steps aside - We Up It'
p7
aS'Pep Boys Agrees to Be Acquired by Icahn for More Than $1 Billion Bloomberg - Dec 29, 2015 Shares of the auto retailer, whose full name is Pep BoysManny, Moe &amp; Jack, fell 2.9 percent to $18.39 on Wednesday.'
p8
aS'Can Carl Icahn Orchestrate A Pep Boys-Manny Moe and Jack  Sale? ETF Daily News - Dec 11, 2015 Carl Ichan1 Andrea Pettis: Activist investor Carl Icahn is at it again. The legendary investor recently disclosed he holds a 12% stake in Pep Boys - Manny, Moe &amp; Jack , the auto-parts retailer. Icahn believes Pep Boys is a very valuable ...Bridgestone raises offer for auto parts retailer Pep Boys - ReutersPep Boys bought by Bridgestone for $863 million - PennLive.com'
p9
aS"Icahn Enterprises LP  Announces Completion of Pep Boys  Acquisition StreetInsider.com - Feb 4, 2016 Icahn Enterprises L.P.  announced that it has closed its acquisition of The Pep Boys - Manny, Moe &amp; Jack   in an all-cash transaction for $18.50 per share, or approximately $1.03 billion in aggregate equity value.Icahn Enterprises Completes Acquisition of Pep Boys - GlobeNewswire Federal-Mogul's future questioned after Icahn buys Pep Boys - RubberNews.com"
p10
a.