(lp0
S'Interpace Diagnostics Announces Agreement with Blue Cross Blue Shield (BCBS ... PR Newswire  - Jan 3, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Jan. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Corp. , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risks of cancer, announced today that the Company&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Interpace Diagnostics to Present New Data on Thyroid Product Performance PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. , a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced today the acceptance of four posters to be&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Group Announces 1-for-10 Reverse Split PR Newswire  - Dec 28, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Dec. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating ...Services Stocks Worth Chasing: JC Penney Company, Inc. , Interpace ... - The Independent Republic'
p3
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Announces New Aetna Coverage Policy PR Newswire  - Dec 8, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Dec. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Corp. , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, announced today that Aetna, the third largest health plan in the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results of Operations PR Newswire  - Nov 18, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Nov. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Announces $1.9 Million Registered Direct Offering of ... PR Newswire  - Dec 19, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. , a company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services, today announced that it has&nbsp;...Interpace Diagnostics  Reports $2.11M Registered Direct Offering of ... - StreetInsider.comTop Services Stock Picking: Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. , Bloomin ... - The Independent Republic'
p6
aS'Interpace Diagnostics Launches New Services for Indeterminate Thyroid Nodules PR Newswire  - Oct 13, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Oct. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group , a company that provides specialized molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer, completed the validation and launch of two&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Stock Update : Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc Enters into ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 21, 2017 Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  announced the initiation of a collaborative research program with Viatar CTC Solutions Inc. , the cancer dialysis company.Interpace Diagnostics  Enters into Pact with Viatar CTC Solutions - StreetInsider.comBrokers Ratings on: Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  - FactsReporter'
p8
aS"Interpace Diagnostics Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock PR Newswire  - Feb 2, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. , a fully integrated commercial company that provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests and pathology services,&nbsp;...Stock Update : Here's Why Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc Shares ... - Smarter AnalystInterpace Diagnostics  Plans Public Offering of Common Stock - StreetInsider.com"
p9
aS"Analyst rating score stands at 2.00 while Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.'s ... Hot Stocks Point - 6 hours ago Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.  ended its day with gain 6.13% and finalized at the price of $2.25. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.31 million shares."
p10
a.