(lp0
S"Why we need an outsider like Betsy DeVos as education secretary New York Post - Jan 31, 2017 Some people complain that President Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, would be quite unlike her predecessors.Trump education nominee opposed by special ed advocates - USA TODAY"
p1
aS"What Makes Betsy DeVos Such an Unusual Nominee for Education Secretary The Atlantic - Jan 19, 2017 ... had easy confirmations, either. Both of George W. Bush's education secretariesRod Paige and Margaret Spellingswere also confirmed by voice vote and received praise during their hearings from Republicans and Democrats alike.Education Pick DeVos Reveals Assets of at Least $580 Million - Bloomberg"
p2
aS"March 13, 2017 People Page The Exponent Telegram   - Mar 13, 2017 KINGSPORT, TENNESSEE - Alpha Natural Resources Holdings Inc. and ANR Inc. announced safety performance for 2016, with five partnering operations in West Virginia honored for safety achievements by the West Virginia Office of Miners' Health Safety&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Africa's biggest firm sees education as new growth market The Standard  - Mar 12, 2017 Naspers Ltd plans to expand in education software as Africa's biggest company by market value searches for a repeat of the profitable bet it made on Tencent Holdings Ltd of China. ... People spend a tremendous amount of money and time on education ..."
p4
aS'This Army Veteran Wanted to Become a Video Game Animator Slate Magazine - Jul 20, 2016 But the New England Institute of Art is, in fact, another for-profit college, this one part of the Art Institutes chain owned by Education Management Corporation, or EDMC, which, in turn, is 41-percent owned by the giant Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.'
p5
aS"Parent Connection Hosting Addiction Prevention's Dynamic Duo The Newtown Bee - 2 hours ago In a three-day community event, March 27 to 29, Parent Connection, Inc will welcome former Drug Enforcement Administration Special Agent Robert Stutman, and the Honorable Jodi Debbrecht Switalski to empower and educate parents, students, ... She told ..."
p6
aS"Questions and conflicts: Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump's secretary of education ... Salon - Jan 17, 2017 Her nomination to lead public education may seem curious, as DeVos has never worked in public education and supports diverting public funds to pay for kids to attend private, religious schools."
p7
aS"If the US Won't Pay Its Teachers, China Will Bloomberg - Dec 19, 2016 In China, parents are so bent on getting their kids the best education possible they're sometimes willing to try untested methods that may or may not provide high-quality education. Mi hired top people to help design VIPKid's curriculum and has ..."
p8
aS"Nobody has real friends anymore New York Post - Nov 17, 2016 As for those who keep off social media, Brendesha Tynes - an expert on social media and adolescent development online and an associate professor of educational psychology at the USC Rossier School of Education - told The Post: People who aren't on&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'People in business for Sunday, January 29 The Bozeman Daily Chronicle - Jan 29, 2017 Xtant Medical Holdings, Inc., a leader in the development, manufacturing and marketing of orthopedic products for domestic and international markets, announced that on Jan. 21, Dan Goldberger resigned as chief executive officer and as a director of the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.