(lp0
S'Pennsylvania REIT: Viewed Through The Eyes Of A Preferred Investor Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 Although PEI commons increased in value over the past five years, they have not performed as well recently. Which appears to be supported by its recent losses and downgrades.'
p1
aS"Pennsylvania REIT: A View From The Perspective Of A Preferred Investor Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 What follows is that process. When considering the acquisition of Pennsylvania REIT ) preferred shares, it's necessary that we view that company through a different set of eyes than we would were we interested in acquiring its common shares."
p2
aS'Pennsylvania REIT Sheds Rest of Mall Laggards Wall Street Journal - Mar 30, 2016 Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, or PREIT, sold two malls in Alabama and one in Christiansburg, Va., to a fund managed by Farallon Capital Management LLC of San Francisco.PREIT trims four shopping malls from portfolio, in two sales worth $92.4M - Philly.com'
p3
aS'Pennsylvania REIT  Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Sports Perspectives - 3 hours ago Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo Fmr LLC lowered its position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  by 15.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .The Pennsylvania REIT  Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'PREIT Preferred - Over 7% From This Mall REIT Seeking Alpha - Jan 20, 2017 PREIT, a Pennsylvania business trust founded in 1960 and one of the first equity REITs in the United States, has a primary investment focus on retail shopping malls located in the eastern half of the United States, primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region.'
p5
aS'Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 27, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.21 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust  Moves Lower on Volume Spike ... - Equities.comPennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust  Announces Quarterly Earnings ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'The Pennsylvania REIT  Position Boosted by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 Tudor Investment Corp Et Al raised its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  by 24.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.New York State Teachers Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in ... - BNB Daily Shares of Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust  Sees Large Outflow ... - Energy Index'
p7
aS'Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Pennsylvania REIT  BNB Daily  - Mar 4, 2017 Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.The Pennsylvania REIT  Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.42 EPS - DailyQuint'
p8
aS'PREIT Is Poised To Profit Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 The market will produce winners and losers, and we expect that the high-productivity malls will be the survivors over time. PREIT has the lowest payout ratio in the all REIT sector and we believe that provides the company with an attractive margin of ...'
p9
aS'PREIT Means Luxury At A Discount Seeking Alpha - May 23, 2016 In other words, I decided to focus on a few mall REITs this week, starting with Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust or PREIT.'
p10
a.