(lp0
S'Illinois company to buy Penford Corp. The Gazette: Eastern Iowa Breaking News and Headlines - Oct 15, 2014 CEDAR RAPIDS - Ingredion Inc. plans to acquire Penford Corp., a specialty ingredients company with a facility in Cedar Rapids, in a deal with an aggregate value of $340 million.Ingredion buys Penford Corp for $340m - Agrimoney.comIngredion to acquire Penford Corp. for $340M - Candy Industry'
p1
aS'Ingredion Completes Acquisition of Penford Corporation PotatoPro - Mar 11, 2015 Ingredion Incorporated , a leading global provider of ingredient solutions to diversified industries, announced today that it has successfully completed the acquisition of Penford Corporation, a U.S.-based leader in specialty ingredients ...Cedar Rapids Penford facility among those acquired by Illinois company - The Gazette: Eastern Iowa Breaking News and Headlines'
p2
aS"Penford shareholders OK $340M acquisition by Ingredion Denver Business Journal - Jan 30, 2015 Penford Corp.'s shareholders have overwhelmingly approved the Centennial-based company's $340 million acquisition by Ingredion Inc. Penford , which provides ingredients for food and industrial uses, announced the approval Thursday."
p3
aS'Penford Corporation  Analyst Coverage NewsDen - 5 hours ago ... Corporation  was up +0.00% during the last day of trading, with a day high of 0.00. 0 shares were traded during the last session.'
p4
aS'Penford Announces Agreement to Acquire Gum Technology Corporation Business Wire  - Mar 5, 2014 CENTENNIAL, Colo.----Penford Corporation , a leader in ingredient systems for food and industrial applications, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Gum Technology, a privately held&nbsp;...Penford to acquire Gum Technology - Baking Business Penford purchases Gum Technology Corp. - FoodNavigator-USA.com'
p5
aS'Penford Completes Acquisition of Gum Technology Corporation Business Wire  - Mar 25, 2014 CENTENNIAL, Colo.----Penford Corporation , a leader in ingredient systems for food and industrial products, announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Gum Technology, an Arizona close corporation.'
p6
aS'Penford acquires Carolina Starches Bizjournals.com - Jan 12, 2012 Penford Corp. said Thursday that it has acquired the businesses operated by Carolina Starches LLC and Keystone Starches LLC, collectively known as Carolina Starches.Penford Completes Acquisition of Carolina Starches - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Penford highlights ethanol sales in first quarter results Ethanol Producer Magazine - Jan 16, 2015 Penford Corp. has released financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2015, reporting its industrial ingredients division reported sequential improvements for the past five quarters in gross margin and operating income.'
p8
aS'Justice Department Seeks More Information on Ingredion-Penford Deal Wall Street Journal - Dec 29, 2014 Food-ingredient producers Ingredion Inc. and Penford Corp. have received requests for more information about their planned merger agreement from the U.S.'
p9
aS'Penford Corporation  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Jan 23, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Penford Corporation  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Thursday 16th of March state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.