(lp0
S"Buy Pfizer: Income Play With Good Growth Coming Seeking Alpha - 21 hours ago Fundamentals of Pfizer will be reviewed in the following topics below: The Good Business Portfolio Guidelines, Total Return and Yearly Dividend, Last Quarter's Earnings, Company Business and Takeaways And Recent Portfolio Changes. I use a set of&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"1 Thing About Pfizer, Inc. Stock That You Might Be Overlooking Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 But what about Pfizer's essential health business segment? This business might seem boring compared to the company's innovative health segment, which claims those exciting products mentioned above and plenty more. However, there's a lot for investors&nbsp;...Dividend News - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"EOD Risers: Pfizer Inc., Procter &amp; Gamble Co, The Coca-Cola Co, Travelers ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Pfizer Inc. with EPIC code:  a research-based global biopharmaceutical company, increased 1.2% or 0.41 points at the end of yesterday's session."
p3
aS'Former Pfizer Inc.  Executive Leaves Intrexon Corp  Less ... Journal Transcript - Mar 16, 2017 Less than a year after joining Intrexon Corp  from Pfizer Inc. , Geno Germano is leaving the company after a reorganization that saw the programs he was heading stripped away and handed to a new entity.'
p4
aS"EOd Risers: Microsoft Corporation, Nike Inc, Pfizer Inc., Procter &amp; Gamble Co DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 13, 2017 The trading price for Pfizer Inc. found using EPIC:  a research-based global biopharmaceutical company, moved up 0.18% or 0.06 points at the end of Friday's session."
p5
aS"Better Buy: Pfizer Inc. vs. Merck &amp; Co. Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 One of the top reasons for investors to like Pfizer is its dividend. Pfizer's dividend yield currently stands at 3.81% -- one of the highest of all big pharma stocks."
p6
aS"EOD Risers: Pfizer Inc., Travelers Companies Inc, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Walt ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 15, 2017 Shares of Pfizer Inc. with ticker code:  a research-based global biopharmaceutical company, climbed 0.32% or 0.11 points during yesterday's session."
p7
aS'Pfizer Subpoenaed in DOJ Investigation of Drugmaker Charity Connections Bloomberg - Feb 24, 2017 Last year, Gilead Sciences Inc., Biogen Inc. and Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc said they had received subpoenas for documents related to the nonprofits.Pfizer subpoenaed in US over patient assistance plans - Reuters'
p8
aS"Is Pfizer's Research Pipeline Truly Undervalued? Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 I have also given a detailed account of the major cancer drugs in Pfizer's portfolio, considered to be the key growth drivers for the company in 2017. In addition to a robust drug portfolio, I strongly believe that Pfizer also has one seriously ...Taking a Look at the Data Behind Pfizer Inc.  - StockNewsJournalStock Price of Pfizer, Inc.  Increases 3.93% - Energy Index"
p9
aS"EOD Risers: Home Depot Inc, Nike Inc, Pfizer Inc. DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 3, 2017 Stock in Home Depot Inc with EPIC code:  a home improvement retailer, gained 0.87% or 1.27 points during the course of yesterday's session."
p10
a.