(lp0
S'Stock Returns: MBT Financial Corp.  versus Peapack-Gladstone ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MBT Financial Corp.  versus Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  .'
p1
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation to Acquire Wealth Management ... Marketwired  - Mar 19, 2015 BEDMINSTER, NJ-- - Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation , parent company of Peapack-Gladstone Bank, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Morristown, NJ-based&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 14, 2017 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation has a P/B ratio of 1.77. It also has a P/E ratio of 20.1. Peapack Gladstone Financial Corp provides commercial banking services. It also provides consumer banking services, including checking and savings account,&nbsp;...Peapack-Gladstone Bank promotes chief operating officer, names replacement - NJBIZPeapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  Elevates New Name for ... - KC Register'
p3
aS'Maureen E. Hemhauser Joins Peapack-Gladstone Bank Marketwired  - Mar 2, 2015 BEDMINSTER, NJ-- - Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  and Peapack-Gladstone Bank announce the appointment of Maureen E. Hemhauser to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Compliance&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Bank names SVP, controller NJBIZ - Feb 13, 2017 ... Financial Corp., parent of Peapack-Gladstone Bank, has promoted an executive to senior vice president and corporate controller, it announced Monday.Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation Elevates Finn MW Caspersen, Jr. to ... - Military Technologies'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Heritage Commerce Corp  versus Peapack-Gladstone ... CML News - Mar 8, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Heritage Commerce Corp  versus Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Peapack ... CML News - Mar 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp.  Downgraded by Sandler O'Neill Sports Perspectives - Dec 22, 2016 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp. logo Sandler O'Neill lowered shares of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Monday morning."
p8
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Mar 1, 2017 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation has a P/B ratio of 1.76. It also has a P/E ratio of 19.9. Peapack Gladstone Financial Corp provides commercial banking services. It also provides consumer banking services, including checking and savings account,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Bank funds affordable housing projects MyCentralJersey.com - Mar 2, 2017 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp. and Peapack-Gladstone Bank have announced financial sponsorships through the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York to support the construction of safe and decent affordable housing for low-income households.'
p10
a.