(lp0
S"Here's Why PHH Corporation's Foundation Crumbled on Thursday Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Shares of PHH Corporation , a provider of outsourced mortgage-banking services to financial institutions and real estate brokers in the U.S.PHH Corporation's  CEO Glen Messina on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"EJF Capital is Buying Phh Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, PHH Corporation  is a non-bank mortgage originator and servicer of the United States residential mortgage loans.PHH Corporation Comments on EJF Capital's Intention to Nominate Directors - Business Wire PHH Co.  Stake Held by Ejf Capital LLC - Community Financial News"
p2
aS'Stephen Staid Joins PHH Corporation as Senior Vice President, Servicing Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 PHH Corporation   today announced that Stephen Staid has joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Servicing.PHH adds Stephen Staid as senior vice president of servicing - HousingWire'
p3
aS'PHH Corporation welcomes new SVP Mortgage Professional America - Feb 24, 2017 As we stated during our fourth quarter earnings call, we intend to transition to a capital-light business model comprised of subservicing and portfolio retention services, said Glen A. Messina, president and CEO of PHH Corporation. We are delighted ...'
p4
aS'In major reversal, US sides with PHH, calls CFPB structure unconstitutional HousingWire - 17 hours ago The case of PHH Corporation vs. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau just took a turn that is simultaneously shocking and completely expected at the same time.What happens when the Justice Department files a brief against a federal agency? - Washington PostUnited States Files Amicus Brief in PHH Case - The National Law Review'
p5
aS"BRIEF-PHH Corp comments on EJF Capital's intention to nominate directors Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 PHH Corp - &quot;we appreciate ejf capital's input and will continue our dialogue with them and our other shareholders&quot;."
p6
aS'PHH Corporation  has been upgraded to Hold in a statement by Zacks ... Breaking Finance News - 4 hours ago Boasting a price of $12.56, PHH Corporation  traded -0.71% lower on the day. The last closing price is down -12.76% from the 200-day moving average, compared to the S&amp;P 500 which has increased 0.04% over the same time.PHH Co.  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: America First Multifamily Investors, LP  versus ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for America First Multifamily Investors, L.P.  versus PHH Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end ...'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Kearny Financial Corp.  is Beating PHH Corporation ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Kearny Financial Corp.  versus PHH Corporation  .'
p9
aS'PHH Corp. appoints SVP, servicing NJBIZ - Feb 22, 2017 Mount Laurel-based PHH Corp. announced Tuesday that Stephen Staid has been appointed senior vice president, servicing. Staid is succeeding Marty Foster, who is retiring from his post after 20 years of service.Brokers Issue New Targets On PHH Corp  - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.