(lp0
S'Analyst Downgrades  TrovaGene  Stock Gets Downgraded By Piper ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Today, TrovaGene  stock was downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies from Neutral to Underweight. There are 1 sell rating, 3 hold ratings, 2 buy ratings on the stock.TrovaGene Inc  Downgraded to Underweight at Piper Jaffray Companies - The Cerbat GemThe TrovaGene Inc  Lowered to Underweight at Piper Jaffray Companies - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS"Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Hologic ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 The Company operates through four segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. The diagnostics products include Aptima family of assays, ThinPrep system, the Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test and Procleix blood screening assays.The Hologic's  Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies - Petro Global News 24Hologic, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS'Piper Jaffray and Kepler Cheuvreux Announce Exclusive Equity Research ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Piper Jaffray Companies , a leading investment bank and asset management firm and Kepler Cheuvreux, a leading independent European broker, are pleased to announce their entry into a strategic partnership effective today.Piper Jaffray And Kepler Cheuvreux Announce Equity Research Distribution Deal - Nasdaq'
p3
aS'Piper Jaffray Names Ted Christianson Partner in Merchant Banking Group Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 Piper Jaffray Companies , a leading investment bank and asset management firm, is pleased to announce the appointment of Ted Christianson as partner in the merchant banking group.Piper Jaffray Companies  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 22 - Equities.comSimmons &amp; Company International, Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray to Host ... - Business Wire '
p4
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Lowers Its Price Target On Aimmune ... Market Exclusive - Mar 15, 2017 Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc., formerly Allergen Research Corporation, is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a therapeutic approach, including the development of product candidates, for the treatment of peanut and other food allergies.Aimmune Therapeutics Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSUPDATE: Aimmune Therapeutics  PT Lowered to $38 at Piper Jaffray ... - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Amgen ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Amgen Inc. is a biotechnology company. The Company discovers, develops, manufactures and delivers various human therapeutics.Amgen, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS'Analyst Downgrades  Inovio Pharmaceuticals  Stock Gets Downgraded ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Today, Inovio Pharmaceuticals  stock was downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies from Overweight to Neutral. There are 2 hold ratings, 5 buy ratings on the stock.Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc  Downgraded to Neutral at Piper Jaffray ... - Chaffey BreezePiper Jaffray Companies Downgrades Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc  to Neutral - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS"Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Raises Its Price Target On ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 The Company has developed advanced payment solutions using point-to-point encryption  and tokenization. The Company's small-to-midsize business offering, CardPointe, is a platform that includes a reporting and transaction management portal,&nbsp;...CardConnect Corp  Given New $16.00 Price Target at Piper Jaffray Companies - BBNSCardConnect Corp.  PT Raised to $16 at Piper Jaffray; 'Building for the ... - StreetInsider.com"
p8
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Barracuda ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Overweight rating on Barracuda Networks  with a price target of $32.00.Barracuda Networks Inc  Earns Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray ... - Chaffey BreezeBarracuda Networks Inc  Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS"Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Cara ... Market Exclusive - Mar 11, 2017 Cara Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on developing and commercializing chemical entities designed to alleviate pain and pruritus by focusing on kappa opioid receptors.Cara Therapeutics'  Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies - Chaffey BreezePiper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight Rating for Cara Therapeutics ... - Sports Perspectives"
p10
a.