(lp0
S'Why Did Panera Bread Company Shares Gain 12% in February? Motley Fool - Mar 12, 2017 In a struggling environment for restaurants, Panera Bread  has been a rare success story. The company has successfully gown its sales, carving out a niche pushing &quot;clean&quot; food, and being technologically forward.Panera Bread Company Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary - CML News'
p1
aS'After West Michigan success, Panera Bread to offer delivery nationwide MLive.com - Mar 14, 2017 GRAND RAPIDS, MI - Following a successful run in West Michigan, Panera Bread has announced a plan to offer delivery service nationwide.Panera Bread to roll out delivery in Knoxville - Knoxville News Sentinel'
p2
aS"Panera Bread Rises Higher on Solid Growth, Optimistic Outlook Motley Fool - Feb 7, 2017 Panera's actual results were better than some had expected, and the company believes that 2017 could bring the fruits of its efforts to drive innovation and efficiency forward.Panera Bread Co. Reports 1% Advance In Q4 Earnings - NasdaqPanera Bread Jumps on Q4 Earnings Beat, Revenue Miss - Zacks.com"
p3
aS"Panera Bread Co. Bakes Up a Strong Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 27, 2016 Panera Bread Co.  reported second-quarter financial results on July 26, delivering financial and operating performance that exceeded the expectations of many investors.Panera expands delivery rollout - Nation's Restaurant News"
p4
aS"PNRA Stock: 4 Reasons to Buy Panera Bread Co U.S. News & World Report - Sep 9, 2016 To back up his proclamation, Shaich's company will not use artificial ingredients and sweeteners in its meals; nor will it attempt marketing gimmicks, like toys, that target children, instead offering sides like fruit and veggies.Panera Bread Has Found a Recipe for Renewed Growth - Barron's"
p5
aS"Panera expanding home delivery to St. Louis Bread Co. customers STLtoday.com - Feb 1, 2017 St. Louis Bread Co. will slowly add delivery at individual restaurants in the coming weeks, Panera's president, Blaine Hurst, told the Post-Dispatch."
p6
aS"Panera Bread  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 26, 2016 Please refer to our investor website at panerabread.com to find the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures reference in today's call.Panera Bread Co  Stock Pops on Q3 Earnings Beat - Investorplace.comPanera Bread Co Shares Surge 6% as Q3 Earnings Top Estimates - ETF Daily News "
p7
aS"Panera expanding in metro Des Moines DesMoinesRegister.com - Sep 6, 2016 Panera Bread Co. is opening two more restaurants in the Des Moines metro featuring the company's new building design. The new bakery cafes will be located at 4519 Fleur Drive in Des Moines and 1800 N. Ankeny Blvd."
p8
aS'Panera launches animal welfare initiative focused on chickens St. Louis Business Journal - Dec 20, 2016 Panera Bread Co. is planning to launch an industry-wide initiative focused on the welfare of broiler chickens. The bakery-cafe chain plans to work with animal welfare experts, growers and suppliers - as well as competitors in the industry - to ...Panera Bread Co.  Downgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Panera Bread: The Industry Outperformer Seeking Alpha - Nov 7, 2016 Panera is one of the &quot;oldest&quot; and most developed fast casual restaurants. The company runs bakery caf concept with balanced menu, ranging from salads through soups to sandwiches.'
p10
a.