(lp0
S'PRA Group Takes a Huge Charge to Finish 2016 Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 PRA Group  has made every effort to take advantage of the debt collection industry in which it operates, and the company has dealt well with somewhat adverse industry conditions that have weighed on its ability to do business in the manner&nbsp;...PRA Group Announces CEO Succession Plan - GlobeNewswire PRA Group  Incurs Q4 Loss, Declares Management Changes - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS"PRA Group to change leadership, with Kevin Stevenson becoming CEO Virginian-Pilot - Mar 10, 2017 I am honored by the confidence that the PRA Group Board has placed in me through this appointment as the company's second CEO, Stevenson said in a news release. PRA Group has an enviable position as a global industry leader due to a relentless&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Why PRA Group  Could Be Positioned for a Slump March 09, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 9, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is PRA Group, Inc.  , which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"PRA Group, Inc. Collects a Decent Quarter Motley Fool - Aug 11, 2016 ... non-performing loans collection specialist initially jumped nearly 7% the following day, they've since given up those gains, and now sit little changed from the start of this week.Should You Dump PRA Group  Stock After a Weak Q2? - Zacks.com"
p4
aS'Why Shares of PRA Group Inc. Are Plunging Today Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 What: Shares of PRA Group  are down nearly 19% as of 10:45 a.m. ET on Tuesday after the company announced disappointing earnings results for the first quarter of 2016.'
p5
aS'Why PRA Group  Could Be Positioned for a Slump Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is PRA Group, Inc. PRAA, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.Pra Group Inc  Receives $42.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts - The Cerbat GemThe Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Pra Group Inc Issued By William Blair  - DailyQuint'
p6
aS"PRA Group Announces the Retirement of Jim Voss from the Board of Directors GlobeNewswire  - Feb 20, 2017 NORFOLK, Va., Feb. 20, 2017  -- PRA Group, Inc. , a global leader in acquiring and collecting nonperforming loans, today announced the retirement of long-time Director Jim Voss from the Company's Board of Directors."
p7
aS'PRA Group: An Undervalued Stock Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2016 In addition, PRA prefers to hold onto portfolios, rather than buy and flip in a couple years when market conditions improve.'
p8
aS"PRA Group's  Rising Debt and Expenses Raise Concerns Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 PRA Group needs to achieve a higher level of increase in total revenue than expense in order to protect its operating margin.Pra Group Inc  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeThe Pra Group Inc  Trading Down 11.9% After Earnings Miss - DailyQuint"
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Navient Corporation  versus PRA Group Inc (NASDAQ ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Navient Corporation  versus PRA Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.