(lp0
S'Providence Service Corporation and Frazier Healthcare Partners Announce ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 29, 2016 STAMFORD, Conn., Aug. 29, 2016  -- The Providence Service Corporation   today announced it has signed a definitive subscription agreement with an affiliate of Frazier Healthcare Partners ,&nbsp;...TripleTree Advises Providence Service Corporation on the Formation of a ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS'The Providence Service Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 18 hours ago The Providence Service Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 1.19% to close at $45.59.Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead The Providence Service Corporation  - Fiscal StandardThe Providence Service Co.  Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment ... - Sports Perspectives'
p2
aS'Providence Service Corporation Agrees to Acquire Matrix Medical Network - The ... PR Newswire  - Sep 18, 2014 TUCSON, Ariz. and SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., Sept. 18, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- The Providence Service Corporation , a leader in the management and provision of human social services, innovative global employment services and non-emergency&nbsp;...Providence Service to acquire CCHN Group Holdings - News-Medical.netRopes &amp; Gray Advises Welsh Carson In $400M CCHN Sale - Law360 '
p3
aS'Providence Service Corporation Completes Acquisition of Matrix Medical Network PR Newswire  - Oct 23, 2014 TUCSON and SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., Oct. 23, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- The Providence Service Corporation , a leader in the management and provision of human social services, innovative global employment services and non-emergency&nbsp;...TripleTree Advises Matrix Medical Network in Its Sale to Providence Service ... - Business Wire '
p4
aS'Providence Service Corporation Names Matthew K. Umscheid Senior Vice President ... PR Newswire  - Nov 2, 2015 TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Providence Service Corporation  today announced that it has named Matthew K. Umscheid to the newly created position of Senior Vice President of Strategic Services.'
p5
aS'Providence Service Corporation Joint Venture Awarded 5-Year Employment ... PR Newswire  - Apr 1, 2015 TUCSON, Ariz., April 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Providence Service Corporation  , today announced that the Australian Department of Employment has formally awarded the contracts for the delivery of Employment Services&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Providence Service Corporation and Frazier Healthcare Partners Complete ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 20, 2016 STAMFORD, Conn., Oct. 19, 2016  -- The Providence Service Corporation   today announced the completed formation of a strategic partnership with affiliates of Frazier Healthcare Partners&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Providence Service Corporation Appoints David Shackelton as Chief Financial ... PR Newswire  - Oct 1, 2015 TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Providence Service Corporation  today announced that it has named David Shackelton as the Company's new Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately."
p8
aS'Providence Service Corporation Announces CEO Transition Plan PR Newswire  - May 11, 2015 TUCSON, Ariz., May 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Providence Service Corporation  today announced Chief Executive Officer Warren Rustand has informed the Providence Board of Directors that he will be stepping down from his role as the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Providence Service Corporation Completes Sale of Providence Human Services and ... PR Newswire  - Nov 2, 2015 TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Providence Service Corporation  today announced the completion of its previously announced definitive agreement to sell all the outstanding ownership interests of Providence Human&nbsp;...Tucson's Providence Service sells subsidiaries - Arizona Daily StarMolina Healthcare Completes Acquisition of Providence Human Services and ... - Business Wire "
p10
a.