(lp0
S'Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Shares Jump on Back of Favorable ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 23, 2017 Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  investors have a smile on their faces Thursday morning, after the pharmaceutical firm announced that it received a favorable opinion in its litigation with Actavis Laboratories FL, Inc. regarding a proposed&nbsp;...Pernix Therapeutics Prevails in Zohydro ER ANDA Litigation - GlobeNewswire Pernix Therapeutic Holdings, Inc.  Prevails in Patent Lawsuit - StockNewsUnion'
p1
aS'Speculating On Pernix Therapeutics Seeking Alpha - Jun 2, 2016 The past two months have not been good for Pernix Therapeutics . After missing fourth quarter earnings by nearly 59 times the estimate, the stock has seen a steady decline from around $2.25 to $0.46 as of the Wednesday, June 1st close.'
p2
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc ) Applauses Court's Ruling Traders350 - Feb 27, 2017 Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc , has today given a statement regarding the lawsuit with Actavis Laboratories FL.Shares of Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  Climbs 25.29% - Energy IndexPernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  Earnings Preview: Should ... - The Voice Registrar"
p3
aS'Pernix Therapeutics: Turnaround In Progress Seeking Alpha - Aug 22, 2016 The Pernix Therapeutics  that many investors knew six months ago is long gone. Under the recent leadership of John Sedor, Chairman and CEO, the company has progressed rapidly to transform Pernix into a more focused and streamlined&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'What The Latest Ruling Means For Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Insider Financial - Feb 24, 2017 Back at the beginning of February, we took a look at Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  as part of this piece. The driver behind our turning our attention to Pernix was a then just-reported litigation outcome, detailing the conclusion of a ...Featured Stock to Focus: Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  - FactsReporterCrazy Volume Spikes for: Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p5
aS'Pernix Therapeutics Appoints Ken Pia as General Counsel and Chief Compliance ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 6, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., Jan. 06, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on pain and CNS conditions, today announced the appointment of Ken Pia as Senior Vice&nbsp;...Pernix Therapeutics taps Pia as top legal exec - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"Friday's Market Insights: Cerulean Pharma Inc , Pernix Therapeutics ... Smarter Analyst - Feb 3, 2017 Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  shares are taking an 18% plunge after the specialty pharmaceutical company revealed an update on its arbitration with GlaxoSmithKline.Pernix loses arbitration case with Glaxo, on the hook for up to $40M - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS"Pernix Therapeutics to Report Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., March 15, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on Pain and CNS conditions, announced today that the Company will report financial results&nbsp;...Notable Stock Inside Spotlight: Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.'s (PTX ... - WsNews 4investorsPernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News"
p8
aS'Brean Capital Reiterates Buy on Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc Following ... Smarter Analyst - Jul 8, 2016 In a research report published Friday, Brean Capital analyst Difei Yang reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc , with a $3.00 price target, after the company announced a reduction of 60 employees and expects&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Just Made Itself A Lot More ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 We've covered Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  on numerous occasions over the last six months. The company has been a tough one to hold from a long-term shareholder perspective, but as we have said in the past, there looks to be a light&nbsp;...GSK Nabs $40M Arbitral Award In Migraine Drug Row - Law360 Unusual Stocks Mover Hurt By Street Views: Alphabet , Pernix ... - Street Wise Report  "
p10
a.