(lp0
S'Why Pulse Electronics  Stock Is Tanking Today TheStreet.com - Sep 26, 2014 &quot;We rate PULSE ELECTRONICS CORP  a SELL. This is based on some significant below-par investment measures, which should drive this stock to significantly underperform the majority of stocks that we rate.Pulse Electronics Announces Initiative to Reduce Costs Through Voluntary NYSE ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS'Pulse Electronics Corporation Releases The Blue Dot Ultra-Small Embedded Chip ... Business Wire  - Jun 15, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--Pulse Electronics Corporation introduces The Blue Dot  embedded chip antenna. The Blue Dot is engineered for WLAN, 802.11b/g, Bluetooth, Zigbee, and ISM 2.4GHz.'
p2
aS"Pulse Electronics' ProxAnt TL 1.0 Package Combines a Proximity Sensor with an ... Business Wire  - Dec 16, 2015 SAN DIEGO----Pulse Electronics Corporation introduces an all-in-one combination antenna and proximity sensor package to optimize the characteristics of both functions, thus enabling better device performance and increased design&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Halo Scores $1.5M Verdict In Pulse Electronics Patent Suit Law360  - Nov 28, 2012 Law360, New York  -- A federal jury in Nevada awarded Halo Electronics Inc. $1.5 million on Monday after finding Pulse Electronics Corp. infringed three patents for packaging that houses surface mount transformers, which&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Pulse Electronics Launches Willow Series Wideband Field-Tunable Mobile Antenna Business Wire  - May 25, 2016 VANCOUVER, Wash.----Pulse Electronics Corporation introduces the Willow series of wideband mobile VHF, UHF, antennas.'
p5
aS'Oaktree Completes Acquisition of Pulse Electronics Business Wire  - Apr 13, 2015 SAN DIEGO----Pulse Electronics Corporation   today announced that the acquisition of Pulse by certain affiliates of investment funds managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.'
p6
aS'Pulse Electronics Power BU Launches First High Isolation Surface Mount Gate ... Business Wire  - Feb 15, 2016 SAN DIEGO----Pulse Electronics Corporation, a leading provider of electronic components, expands its high isolation gate drive transformer line with a new surface mount series using its patented Sidecar package.'
p7
aS"Pulse Electronics Introduces Monarch Series Multi-Mode Satellite Navigation ... Business Wire  - Jan 20, 2016 SAN DIEGO----Pulse Electronics Corporation's new Monarch Series multi-mode global navigation satellite system ceramic antennas provide wireless signal reception for the four major global and regional satellite systems: GPS, GLONASS,&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Pulse Electronics' Antenna Miniaturization Technology Enables High Data Rates ... Business Wire  - Dec 3, 2015 SAN DIEGO----Pulse Electronics Corporation introduces a new method of constructing antennas to enable high data rates in tight spaces that require 3x3 multiple input multiple output  configurations such as tablets, laptops, and&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Halo Electronics, Inc. v. Pulse Electronics, Inc.; Stryker Corp. v. Zimmer, Inc. Lexology  - Jun 15, 2016 The Supreme Court held today in consolidated cases Halo Electronics, Inc. v. Pulse Electronics, Inc. and Stryker Corp.US Supreme Court Eases Way for Larger Patent Damage Awards - Bloomberg'
p10
a.