(lp0
S"This Chipmaker Could Benefit From Qualcomm, Inc.'s Data Center Assault Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 Wireless chipmaker Qualcomm  is making a pretty big push into the market for data center chips. Data center chips aren't sold in anywhere near the volumes that Qualcomm's bread-and-butter smartphone processors are, but the potential&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Intel Corp. and Qualcomm, Inc.: On a Collision Course Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2017 For years, there has been very little intersection between Intel's  core businesses and Qualcomm's .Better Buy: Qualcomm Inc. vs. Intel Corporation - Madison.com"
p2
aS"Should Qualcomm Inc. Worry About Xiaomi's New Chips? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm  and Chinese smartphone giant Xiaomi are often considered close partners. Qualcomm became one of Xiaomi's earliest investors in 2011, and all of Xiaomi's flagship devices use Qualcomm chips."
p3
aS'Is Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Stuck In a Bear Trap? Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Qualcomm, Inc.  is really a victim of its own amazing success. Since the mid-1980s, the company has been able to develop cutting-edge mobile technologies that have defined the industry.'
p4
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Reportedly Gaining Chip Share in China Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Qualcomm  is the largest vendor of applications processors used in smartphones today. Though the company's highest-end applications processors, like the recently announced Snapdragon 835 for &quot;premium tier&quot; phones, garner the most&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Will Apple Inc. Completely Ditch Qualcomm, Inc. in the iPhone? Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2017 Analyst Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna  recently put out a note suggesting that Intel  may be able to wrestle away more cellular modem market share from Qualcomm  in future Apple&nbsp;...Intel Corporation  Proves To Be A Threat To QUALCOMM, Inc ... - Traders350'
p6
aS"Qualcomm, Inc. Data-Center Chips Get Microsoft Corporation's Blessing Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 Qualcomm  is well known for its cellular modems and mobile applications processors. Sales of such products make up the overwhelming majority of its semiconductor revenues.QUALCOMM, Inc.  Aligns With Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... - Stock Market Daily"
p7
aS"MediaTek's Helio X30 Fails to Beat Qualcomm, Inc.'s Snapdragon 835 Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 Qualcomm  is the undisputed leader in the merchant smartphone applications market in terms of unit and revenue share."
p8
aS"Qualcomm: A View Of The Future Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 Many factors combined to produce the downturn. Among them, regulatory proceedings against the company, legal issues with Apple, Inc. , and legal issues in China. On top of all of this, Qualcomm missed Q1 2017 revenue estimates.Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Won't Escape These Problems Anytime Soon - Investorplace.comBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Merck &amp; Co., Inc. , QUALCOMM ... - The USA Commerce"
p9
aS"Apple's UK Suit Against Qualcomm Adds to Global Patent War Bloomberg - Mar 2, 2017 Apple Inc. sued Qualcomm Inc. in a U.K. court, adding to lawsuits across the globe in a sprawling battle over patents and licensing fees between the iPhone developer and the largest designer of mobile phone chips.Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Has Problems Beyond Apple Inc.  - Investorplace.comApple also suing Qualcomm in UK - MarketWatch"
p10
a.