(lp0
S"Rackspace to sell customer support for Google's cloud offering San Antonio Business Journal - Mar 8, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc. got the green light to start selling managed cloud service support for enterprise customers of Google's cloud engine, the company announced today."
p1
aS'Rackspace layoffs begin as it restructures as a private company Austin Business Journal - Feb 8, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc. is eliminating some job positions to fit into its new mold as a private company. Some of those positions will be senior level, which is an opportunity for other technology companies in the Austin area looking to scoop up skilled ...Rackspace cutting 6% of US workforce - mySanAntonio.com'
p2
aS"Rackspace promotes one executive to president as another retires San Antonio Business Journal - Jan 10, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc.'s executive suite is being shuffled slightly and dealt a fresh hand for the New Year - with promotions, retirement and a new president for the managed cloud provider, the company announced.Rackspace Elevates 8-Year Racker Jeff Cotten to President - Rivard ReportCompany Veteran Jeff Cotten Named President of Rackspace - Marketwired "
p3
aS'How Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Rose 34% in August Motley Fool - Sep 2, 2016 26, Rackspace formally announced that affiliates of the Apollo Global Management  fund family is taking the company private.'
p4
aS'Rackspace Hosting Nears Sale to Private-Equity Firm Wall Street Journal - Aug 4, 2016 Rackspace Hosting Inc. is nearing a sale to a private-equity firm, two years after the cloud-computing company said it would explore a deal amid heightened competition in the fast-growing market.Why Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Jumped Sky-High Today - Motley FoolMedia reports: Rackspace negotiating $3.5B sale to private equity company - San Antonio Business Journal'
p5
aS'Notice of Dismissal Without Prejudice of Luger v. Rackspace Hosting, Inc ... PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 SAN ANTONIO, Feb. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- If you held shares of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. between August 26, 2016 and November 3, 2016, this Notice contains important information regarding the dismissal of a putative class action concerning the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"How Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Fell 16.6% in June Motley Fool - Jul 8, 2016 So what: The largest drop of the month fell on June 10, when Rackspace's share price took a 5.5% haircut. Some sources pinned this move on an analyst downgrade from &quot;buy&quot; all the way down to &quot;sell,&quot; which sure sounds like a legitimate market-moving&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Meet the new board of directors for Rackspace, now a private company San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 4, 2016 There are new leaders at Rackspace Hosting Inc., a San Antonio-based managed cloud provider, after it was swept off the New York Stock Exchange and is now owned by private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC.It's official: Rackspace exiting New York Stock Exchange - San Antonio Express-News "
p8
aS"Rackspace sale to private equity completed San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 3, 2016 In his blog post, Rhodes said that Apollo &quot;strongly supports our strategy to grow Rackspace and expand the early leadership we've achieved in the fast-growing managed cloud industry."
p9
aS"Rackspace to be bought by private equity for $4.3B Austin Business Journal - Aug 26, 2016 Rackspace Hosting Inc., a San Antonio-based cloud computing services company with major operations in Austin, has agreed to be acquired for $4.3 billion by funds affiliated with private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC, according to a Friday&nbsp;...Rackspace CEO: After private equity sale, we're keeping HQ in San Antonio - San Antonio Business JournalRackspace Hosting shares rise after Apollo Global buys it in $4.3 billion deal - CNBC"
p10
a.