(lp0
S"Richardson Electronics ready for growth in healthcare market Proactive Investors UK - Nov 5, 2015 The chief executive of Nasdaq-listed electronics company Richardson Electronics , says the company's newest division - Richardson Healthcare - will be key in getting the group's market value to his US$200mln target. Speaking to Proactive&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Richardson Electronics, Ltd. and Exxelia Sign Exclusive North American ... Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017 LAFOX, Ill., March 06, 2017  -- Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  announced today a new North American distribution agreement with Exxelia USA, Inc., a global designer and manufacturer of high-reliability passive&nbsp;...BRIEF-Richardson Electronics and Exxelia sign exclusive North American ... - Reuters'
p2
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up Richardson Electronics Ltd.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Jan 7, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Richardson Electronics Ltd.  reported that Richardson Edward J has picked up 2,108,966 of common stock as of 2017-01-06."
p3
aS'Decision Time: Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  Stock Technicals ... CML News - 22 hours ago Decision Time: Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p4
aS'BRIEF-BML Investment reports 5.2 pct passive stake in Richardson Electronics ... Reuters - Feb 6, 2017 JERUSALEM, Feb 13 British private equity fund Apax Partners is in talks to buy Israel-based Syneron Medical , an aesthetic device company, for $350-$400 million, Israeli financial daily Calcalist reported on Monday.'
p5
aS'Richardson Electronics, Ltd. and Ioxus, Inc. Sign Global Distribution Agreement Business Wire  - Jul 15, 2015 LAFOX, Ill.----Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  announced today a new global distribution agreement with Ioxus, Inc., a leading manufacturer of high-performance ultracapacitor technology headquartered in Oneonta, NY.'
p6
aS'Richardson Electronics and Tecate Group Sign Global Distribution Agreement Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2016 LAFOX, Ill.----Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  announced today a new global distribution agreement with the Tecate Group, a global supplier of electronic components and assemblies.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  is Beating Agilysys ... CML News - Feb 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Agilysys Inc  versus Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  .'
p8
aS'Investor Corner: Checking the Numbers for Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (NASDAQ ... The Herald - 16 hours ago Investors monitoring the equity markets for value may be looking at the Magic Formula Rank or MF Rank for Richardson Electronics, Ltd. . Presently, the company has a MF Rank of 14200. The Magic Formula was devised and made popular&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Richardson Electronics: A Company Selling Below Its Cash Per Share And NCAV Seeking Alpha - Sep 9, 2015 Richardson Electronics  is a very unique situation that is actually quite rare to come by in today's US based markets."
p10
a.