(lp0
S"$7 million Resolute Forest Products lawsuit against Greenpeace must continue ... Financial Post - Mar 10, 2017 Resolute, one of the world's largest forestry multinationals, sued Greenpeace Canada and two staff members in 2013 over the group's campaign against the company's boreal logging in northern Ontario and Quebec. Essentially, Resolute alleges Greenpeace&nbsp;...Resolute loses bid to include 'vexatious' allegations in Greenpeace suit - Brandon Sun"
p1
aS'Resolute Announces Indefinite Idling of Thorold Newsprint Mill Canada NewsWire  - Mar 10, 2017 MONTRAL, March 10, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Resolute Forest Products Inc.   today announced the indefinite idling of its paper mill located in Thorold, Ontario.Resolute to Hold its Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 25, 2017 - PR Newswire Thorold mill idled indefinitely - St. Catharines Standard'
p2
aS"Peter Foster: Resolute Forest Products uses mafia laws to go after the eco 'mob' Financial Post - Jun 1, 2016 Thus the lawsuit brought three years ago by Montreal-based Resolute Forest Products against Greenpeace for defamation, malicious falsehood and intentional interference with economic relations represented a rare display of business backbone ...Resolute Forest Products sues Greenpeace - ReutersResolute Forest files lawsuit against Greenpeace, alleges group is a 'global ... - The Globe and Mail "
p3
aS"Greenpeace admits its attacks on forest products giant were 'non-verifiable ... Financial Post - Mar 2, 2017 Peter J. Thompson/National PostRichard Garneau, chief executive of Resolute Forest Products Inc., shows off his wooden bowtie, made in Quebec's forestry heartland of Lac St. Jean.Resolute Forest Can't Escape Suit Over Retiree Health Benefits - Bloomberg BNAResolute Forest Products Inc  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold ... - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS"Moody's downgrades Resolute's bond rating to B1; raises liquidity to SGL-1 Moodys.com   - Sep 8, 2016 Toronto, September 08, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service,  downgraded Resolute Forest Product Inc's  senior unsecured notes due 2023 to B1 from Ba3 and raised the speculative-grade liquidity rating to SGL-1 (very good liquidity ..."
p5
aS"What Does the Canadian Warren Buffett See in Resolute Forest Products? Motley Fool - Jun 23, 2016 Watsa has nearly 12% of Fairfax's equity portfolio in Resolute Forest Products  and owns over 30% of the company. Watsa is bullish on Resolute because its shares are very cheap relative to the cash flow that it generates. I'm inclined to be ..."
p6
aS"Stock Update: Checking the Technicals for Resolute Forest Products Inc  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago Let's take a look at some recent technical levels on shares of Resolute Forest Products Inc . The current 14-day RSI is noted at 54.72, the 7-day is 66.98, and the 3-day is seen at 81.5.Successful Earnings Option Trading: Resolute Forest Products Inc  - CML NewsThe Barings LLC Has $200000 Position in Resolute Forest Products Inc  - Petro Global News 24"
p7
aS"What's Wrong With Resolute Forest Products Seeking Alpha - Aug 9, 2016 Resolute manufactures commodities, and it has very little control over selling prices. Nevertheless, it can control the businesses it's in, i.e."
p8
aS"Resolute Forest Product: Buy This Cyclical Commodity Company While It's Out Of ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Resolute Forest Products  is diversified company that sells forest products. It has suffer from years of underperformance that has left the stock for dead.Greenpeace court filing an admission of 'lying,' Resolute Forest Products charges - Montreal GazetteOption Market: Resolute Forest Products Inc Risk Hits An Elevated Level - CML News"
p9
aS"Court dismisses 'vexatious' allegations by Resolute Forest Products against ... Financial Post - Sep 2, 2016 Forestry giant Resolute Forest Products Inc. has hit a setback in its high profile, ongoing defamation suit against Greenpeace and two of its activists."
p10
a.