(lp0
S"Red Hat Adds New NIST Certification for OpenSCAP, Expands Footprint for Open ... Business Wire  - Mar 17, 2017 RALEIGH, N.C.----Red Hat, Inc. , the world's leading provider of open source solutions, today announced that OpenSCAP 1.2, an open source Security Content Automation Protocol  scanner, has been certified by the&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Red Hat Inc  Receives $86.65 Average Price Target from Analysts Chaffey Breeze - 3 hours ago Red Hat logo Red Hat Inc  has received a consensus recommendation of Buy from the thirty analysts that are covering the stock.'
p2
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Red Hat, Inc. , Microchip Technology ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 17, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Red Hat, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 9.31 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 9.97 and&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Singapore's MyRepublic Deploys Red Hat OpenStack Platform to Power its Cloud Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Red Hat, Inc. , the world's leading provider of open source solutions, today announced that MyRepublic, an internet service provider  headquartered in Singapore, has deployed Red Hat OpenStack Platform, Red Hat Ceph Storage, and Red Hat&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Rating Change on Red Hat, Inc.  Energy Index - Mar 8, 2017 Red Hat, Inc.  has been in the radar of several wallstreet critics. Company shares were Downgraded by Robert W. Baird on Feb 28, 2017 to Neutral, Raises Price Target to $ 90 from a previous price target of $85 .Insider Selling: Red Hat Inc  CEO Sells $426735.31 in Stock - Chaffey BreezeQuarterly EPS Projection Of Red Hat, Inc.  At $0.39 - Stock Observer'
p5
aS'Red Hat, Inc.  By The Numbers: Valuation in Focus Business Review - 15 hours ago Red Hat, Inc.  has an ERP5 rank of 8001. The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies.'
p6
aS"Market Mover of Last Trading Session: Red Hat, Inc.  Is stories - Mar 17, 2017 Red Hat, Inc.'s  witnessed a gain of 1.00% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 84.10. The company's last traded volume of 1.71 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 2.09 million shares.Red Hat, Inc. : A Detailed Look at its Institutional Ownership - Post AnalystZacks Rank on Red Hat, Inc.  based on Estimated Earnings - Highland Mirror"
p7
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Red Hat Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A ... CML News - 17 hours ago Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Red Hat Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p8
aS'Red Hat Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Red Hat Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.What Analysts are Predicting For Red Hat, Inc. , Fortive Corporation ? - The USA Commerce'
p9
aS"HPE, Red Hat Team on Storage, OpenStack for NFV Light Reading - Feb 23, 2017 PALO ALTO, Calif. -- Hewlett Packard Enterprise  and Red Hat, Inc.  announced today they are working together to accelerate the deployment of network functions virtualization  solutions based on fully open, production-ready,&nbsp;...Stocks in the Spotlight -Red Hat Inc , Dicks Sporting Goods Inc ... - Daily News Journal Blog Coverage HPE Announces NFV Offerings Expansion Set to Address Carrier's ... - Baystreet.ca"
p10
a.