(lp0
S"Rainmaker Systems: A Case Study in Volatility Investopedia - May 3, 2016 Rainmaker Systems, Inc., a company founded in 1991 and taken public in 1999 during the dot-com bubble has proved to be an investor's worst nightmare."
p1
aS'Rainmaker Systems Announces Major Rebranding Initiative Business Wire  - Mar 18, 2015 CAMPBELL, Calif.----Rainmaker Systems, Inc. DBA ViewCentral , a leading provider of external, for-profit, web-based learning management solutions announced today that it will begin trading as VCTL on the OTCQB&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Rainmaker Systems, Inc. Announces Substantial Bookings Growth in 2014 for ... Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2015 CAMPBELL, Calif.----Rainmaker Systems, Inc. , a leading provider of external, for-profit based learning management solutions, today provided an update on the momentum of its ViewCentral LMS business.'
p3
aS'Rainmaker Systems, Inc. Announces Strategic Settlement, Capital Raise; Lays ... Business Wire  - Jan 29, 2015 CAMPBELL, Calif.----Rainmaker Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of external, for-profit based learning management solutions, today announced that it had reached terms with a major creditor to settle a&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Rainmaker Systems Names Brad Peppard as Executive Vice President and Chief ... Marketwired  - Oct 7, 2013 CAMPBELL, CA-- - Rainmaker Systems, Inc. , a provider of B2B e-Commerce solutions and services, today announced the appointment of Brad Peppard as executive vice president and chief financial officer &nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Rainmaker Signs Software Provider Splunk as New Client for Training Sales PR Newswire  - Sep 22, 2010 22 /PRNewswire/ -- Rainmaker Systems, Inc. , a leading global provider of ecommerce solutions and telesales services that drive more revenue for clients and their channel partners, today announced the signing of a one-year agreement for&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Rainmaker Announces Next Generation B2B E-commerce SaaS Platform for Global ... PR Newswire  - Sep 13, 2010 13 /PRNewswire/ -- Rainmaker Systems, Inc. , a leading global provider of e-commerce solutions and telesales services that grow revenue for clients and their channel partners, today announced the general availability of its next ...'
p7
aS'Genesys Systems Renews a 3 Year Contract with ViewCentral LMS for Customer and ... Business Wire  - May 5, 2015 CAMPBELL, Calif.----Rainmaker Systems, Inc., DBA ViewCentral , a leading provider of external, for-profit, web-based learning management solutions, reports that Genesys Systems has renewed its contract for the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Michael O'Connor speaks to Rotarians about wind-to-water technology Peterborough Examiner - Feb 10, 2015 Rainmakers Worldwide Inc. CEO Michael O'Connor takes questions from the crowd as Peterborough Rotary Club president Kevin Duguay looks on at the Holiday Inn on Monday."
p9
aS"This billionaire wants to solve California's water problem Fortune - Oct 29, 2015 Take the Rain Maker, a desalination unit roughly the size of a flatbed truck that relies on a conventional power source to distill seawater into freshwater well beyond Environmental Protection Agency guidelines."
p10
a.