(lp0
S'Why Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. Is Clawing Higher Today Motley Fool - Aug 18, 2016 What: Investors in Raptor Pharmaceutical , a biopharmaceutical company focused on treating rare diseases, are seeing green today.Buzz Stocks: Auris Medical Holding AG, Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc, and Raptor ... - Schaeffers Research Raptor Pharmaceuticals  Stock Surges on Potential Retrophin Deal - TheStreet.com'
p1
aS'Another Look At Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. Seeking Alpha - Jun 6, 2016 I wrote about Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp.  in late October 2015, and said that the company has potential, but that the two alternatives in the orphan space were actually better - Corcept  and Vanda .'
p2
aS"Here's Why Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Plunged Today Motley Fool - Sep 14, 2015 What: Raptor Pharmaceuticals , a small-cap biopharma company specializing in the development of treatments for rare diseases, saw its stock plunge by nearly 40% today on heavy volume.Raptor Pharmaceutical Provides Topline Results From Phase 2b CyNCh Study ... - GlobeNewswire Raptor Pharmaceutical's Trial Failed, But Huntington's Disease Update Could ... - Benzinga"
p3
aS"3 Biggest Challenges Facing Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Stock Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2016 The latest earnings report from Raptor Pharmaceuticals  was full of good news. Quarterly sales of its lead product, Procysbi, were higher than ever, and heading higher.Raptor's PROCYSBI New Drug Submission Accepted by Health Canada with Priority ... - GlobeNewswire "
p4
aS"Why Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Stock Rose 25% in March Motley Fool - Apr 11, 2016 A week later, Canadian regulators accepted an application for Raptor's only commercial-stage product, Procysbi. That bolstered the previous week's gains, which continued into April as reported rumors of a potential sale led to a 20% spike in minutes.Raptor Pharmaceutical Launches QUINSAIR in Europe - GlobeNewswire Quinsair Inhaled Therapy for Cystic Fibrosis Is Launched in Europe, Raptor ... - Lung Disease News"
p5
aS"Is Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Stock a Buy Right Now? Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2016 A phase 2 failure in the middle of a biotech meltdown has been tough on Raptor Pharmaceuticals'  stock. The shares have lost over 70% since their lofty peaks last June."
p6
aS"Why Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. Shares Cratered Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2015 What: Shares of Raptor Pharmaceuticals , a biopharmaceutical company primarily focused on treating rare and debilitating diseases, sank as much as 11% in Tuesday's trading session before finishing the day down 9.7% after announcing a&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Horizon Pharma to buy Raptor Pharma for $800 mln Reuters - Sep 12, 2016 Horizon Pharma Plc  said it would buy Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp RPTP.O for nearly $800 million to bolster its portfolio of drugs to treat rare diseases and reduce its dependence on the primary care market.Why Pandora Media Inc , Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp.  and SolarCity ... - Investorplace.com'
p8
aS"Why Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Shares Cratered Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2014 What: Shares of Raptor Pharmaceuticals , a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing therapies to treat a number of unmet diseases, including Huntington's disease and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, fell as much as 23% after&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Horizon Pharma to pay 21% premium to buy Raptor Pharmaceutical MarketWatch - Sep 12, 2016 Horizon Pharma PLC HZNP, -1.48% announced Monday a deal to buy Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. rptp in cash deal valued at about $800 million.'
p10
a.