(lp0
S"Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - 17 hours ago Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.14% to close at $6.95.It's Getting Ugly For Roadrunner Transportation, Especially With The Words ... - Seeking AlphaRoadrunner Transportation Systems Inc  Given Consensus Rating of Hold ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p1
aS'Deadline Reminder for Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc. Shareholders  RRTS GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 RADNOR, Pa., March 15, 2017  -- Kessler Topaz Meltzer &amp; Check, LLP reminds Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc.   shareholders that a class action lawsuit has been filed in the&nbsp;...Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc  Soars 5.56% on March 15 - Equities.comRecent Trading Alert: Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc  - Is stories'
p2
aS'Roadrunner Transportation Systems Announces Interim Credit-Facility Amendment Yahoo Finance - Mar 6, 2017 Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc.  , a leading asset-right transportation and asset-light logistics service provider, announced today that it has reached agreement with its lender group on an interim credit-facility amendment ...Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc Risk Points versus Transportation - CML NewsROADRUNNER TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS'INVESTOR NOTICE: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 LOS ANGELES, CA / ACCESSWIRE / March 14, 2017 / Lundin Law PC, a shareholder rights firm, announces a class action lawsuit against Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc.  . Investors, who purchased or&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'BRIEF-Roadrunner Transportation Systems files for non-timely 10-Q Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 March 17 Amgen Inc sells its cholesterol-lowering drug Repatha at a discount of about 30 percent to its U.S. list price of $14,000 a year, but the largest pharmacy benefit managers say they want lower prices after new data suggested more patients ...'
p5
aS"Roadrunner Transportation Systems'  CEO Mark DiBlasi on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Our business model is scalable and flexible and our cost structure is largely variable and requires minimal investment in transportation equipment and facilities as compared to an asset-based company, which we believe enhances our free cash flow and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Cohen Milstein Sellers &amp; Toll PLLC Announces Investigation of Roadrunner ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 3, 2017 Cohen Milstein Sellers &amp; Toll PLLC is conducting an investigation to determine whether Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc.  and certain of its officers and directors made false and misleading statements and/or&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Roadrunner Freight Announces Significant Lane Enhancements Impacting 155 Lanes ... PR Newswire  - Jan 26, 2017 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Roadrunner Freight, the Less-Than-Truckload  carrier owned by Roadrunner Transportation Systems , today announced significant improvements to its service standards, impacting 155 lanes across 18 major markets ...Roadrunner reduces delivery times - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel'
p8
aS'Ascent Global Logistics Announces New Vice President of Strategic Accounts for ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 CUDAHY, Wis., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Ascent Global Logistics, a brand of Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc. , today announced the appointment of Aaron Brott to Vice President of Strategic Accounts for Marisol International.'
p9
aS'Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc.  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 4, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc.  is an asset-light transportation and logistics service provider.Should You Expect Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc  To Deliver A ... - Simply Wall StSuccessful Earnings Option Trading: Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc ... - CML News'
p10
a.