(lp0
S"Idaho Company to Acquire Revett, Permanently Close Troy Mine Flathead Beacon - Mar 27, 2015 A Coeur d'Alene-based mining company with large operations in Idaho, Alaska and Quebec, Canada is taking over the Revett Mining Company, Inc. and in the process will permanently close the Troy Mine. Revett and Hecla Mining Company made a joint&nbsp;...Revett Minerals Inc.: HECLA TO ACQUIRE REVETT IN $20 MILLION STOCK DEAL - GlobeNewswire Hecla to Acquire Revett in $20 Million Stock Deal - Business Wire "
p1
aS"Hecla Completes Acquisition of Revett Mining Company, Inc. Business Wire  - Jun 15, 2015 COEUR D'ALENE, Idaho----Hecla Mining Company  announced today that its acquisition of Revett Mining Company, Inc.  is now complete. The acquisition brings to Hecla the Rock Creek Project, considered to be one of&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Hecla Vows to Develop Rock Creek, Montanore Mines Flathead Beacon - May 31, 2016 Hecla was founded in 1891 and currently operates mines in Idaho, Alaska, Mexico and Quebec, Canada. In 2015, Hecla expanded into Montana when it purchased the Revett Mining Company, Inc., which owned the Troy Mine and the Rock Creek Project.'
p3
aS'Mysterious company buys Libby mine claims Daily Inter Lake - Jul 23, 2013 She is a former Revett Minerals Inc. employee and her father, Frank Duval, founded Revett, the silver and copper mining company in Troy. It is a local competitor of Mines Management and the two Spokane-based companies have squared off several times&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'New Jersey Mining Company Strengthens Board and Management Team GlobeNewswire  - Jan 10, 2017 Ms. Hayes has 12 years of mining industry experience in investor relations and corporate governance - most recently overseeing community relations in northwest Montana for Hecla Mining following its acquisition of Revett Mining Company. At Revett she&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Not at any cost: New Tintina CEO says mine must be developed responsibly Helena Independent Record - Aug 2, 2016 Shanahan became available after his former company, Revett Mining Co., was acquired by Hecla in June and announced Troy's closure."
p6
aS'Proposed silver, copper mine in Cabinet Mountains clears key hurdle; lawsuit looms The Missoulian - Dec 16, 2015 Mines Management Inc. of Spokane is proposing to remove up to 120 million tons of ore from the underground mine, which would disturb more than 1,500 acres of land just outside the wilderness area. Included is a 14-mile transmission line to carry power ...'
p7
aS'Troy Mine Resumes Work, Aiming for Full Production by 2015 Flathead Beacon - Oct 1, 2014 In late 2012, a series of underground rockslides closed the Troy Mine and since then the Revett Mining Company has been busy building new tunnels to underground areas called the I and C Beds.'
p8
aS"Hecla bails out Mines Management Bonner County Daily Bee - May 25, 2016 SANDPOINT -- In an announcement the industry has anticipated for some time, Hecla Mining Company of Coeur d'Alene confirmed Tuesday that it had signed an agreement to purchase Spokane's Mines Management Inc. and the undeveloped Montanore&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Micron CEO takes pay cut, still Idaho's highest paid Twin Falls Times-News - Jun 26, 2016 Three of the six had pay cuts, reflecting a mix of factors that included falling profitability at some companies, especially Boise's Micron Technology Inc. The pay changes ranged from an 18 percent reduction for Micron's Mark Durcan, who made $9.4 ..."
p10
a.