(lp0
S'Sanderson Farms eyeing sites in Smith and Wood counties for expansion that ... Tyler Morning Telegraph - 23 hours ago A planned $200 million poultry processing plant in Smith and Wood counties depends entirely on tax abatement packages and other incentives that will be announced on Monday, officials say.Sanderson Farms to build poultry complex in Texas - Seeking Alpha'
p1
aS'Sanderson Farms Inc. reports strong fourth quarter Feedstuffs - Dec 16, 2016 &quot;The fourth quarter marked the end of another successful year for Sanderson Farms,&quot; said Joe Sanderson, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer of Sanderson Farms, Inc. &quot;Market conditions strengthened at the beginning of our fourth fiscal quarter of ...Sanderson Farms Profit Climbs As Cheap Grain Costs Help Margins - Wall Street JournalFuture Profit Shrinkage Rated Likely At Sanderson Farms - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'SANDERSON FARMS, INC.  Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a ... Market Exclusive - Feb 14, 2017 The Company, through its subsidiaries, Sanderson Farms, Inc.  and Sanderson Farms, Inc. , conducts its chicken operations. Sanderson Farms, Inc.  is engaged in the production of chickens to&nbsp;...Keybank National Association OH Acquires 9200 Shares of Sanderson Farms, Inc ... - Community Financial News'
p3
aS"Sanderson Farms - Prospects Are Looking Good For 2017 Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Sanderson reported net sales and earnings that fell shy of analyst estimates, but performance was strong versus last year. Analyst expectations for the company are less favorable when compared to Tyson or Pilgrim's Pride."
p4
aS'Sanderson Farms shareholder proposal on antibiotics fails Reuters - Feb 9, 2017 LOS ANGELES A Sanderson Farms Inc shareholder proposal requesting the third-largest U.S. poultry producer phase out the use of medically important antibiotics for growth promotion and disease prevention failed to pass on Thursday, the company said.Sanderson Farms, Inc. Holds Annual Meeting of Stockholders - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"Sanderson Farms, Inc. Reports Results for First Quarter of Fiscal 2017 Business Wire  - Feb 23, 2017 &quot;Our results for the first quarter reflect improved market prices for dark meat products sold from our big bird deboning plants compared with last year's first quarter, said Joe F. Sanderson, Jr.Sanderson Farms Q1 Profit Surges - NasdaqSanderson Farms  Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $-0 ... - Highland Mirror"
p6
aS'Examining the Numbers for Sanderson Farms, Inc.  Davidson Register - 22 hours ago Sanderson Farms, Inc.  has a current Value Composite Score of 19. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or overvalued company.'
p7
aS"Sanderson Farms, Inc. Comments on Georgia Department of Agriculture's ... Business Wire  - Dec 21, 2016 LAUREL, Miss.----Sanderson Farms, Inc.  today provided the following comments related to the Georgia Department of Agriculture's announcement this morning that it will indefinitely suspend the Georgia Dock weekly&nbsp;...Chickens Or Nail Polish - Which Is A Better Buy? - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'Sanderson Farms, Inc.  Shares Bought by Comerica Bank Chaffey Breeze - 3 hours ago Sanderson Farms logo Comerica Bank raised its stake in Sanderson Farms, Inc.  by 6.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p9
aS"Is Sanderson Farms a Great Stock for Value Investors? Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017 This level actually compares pretty favorably with the market at large, as the PE for the S&amp;P 500 compares in at about 20.49. If we focus on the stock's long-term PE trend, the current level puts Sanderson Farm's current PE ratio below its midpoint ..."
p10
a.