(lp0
S'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - 18 hours ago Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.04% to close at $23.57.Analysts Set Seacoast Banking Co. of Florida  PT at $22.33 - Community Financial NewsNew Rating issued on Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida : Initiated ... - Times Money'
p1
aS"Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida to Acquire Floridian Financial Group, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 3, 2015 STUART, Fla., Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  , the holding company for Seacoast National Bank , announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire&nbsp;...Seacoast to acquire Lake Mary's Floridian Financial Group - Orlando Business JournalSeacoast to acquire Lake Mary-based bank for $76.5M - Orlando Sentinel"
p2
aS"Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida's  CEO Dennis Hudson On Q4 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 With me today is Chuck Shaffer, who will discuss our financial and operating results, also joining us in the room is Steve Fowle, our Chief Financial Officer; Chuck Cross, our commercial banking executive; David Houdeshell, our Chief Credit Officer ..."
p3
aS"Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida To Acquire BMO Harris' Orlando Banking ... PR Newswire  - Oct 15, 2015 STUART, Fla., Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  , the holding company for Seacoast National Bank , announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire&nbsp;...Seacoast expands Orlando footprint with BMO Harris buy - Orlando Business Journal"
p4
aS'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  Names Al Monserrat To Board Of ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 6, 2017 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  announced that it has appointed Al Monserrat, CEO of RES Software, a leading digital workspace technology company, to the board of directors of its bank subsidiary, Seacoast National Bank,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  Commences Common Stock Offering StreetInsider.com - Feb 14, 2017 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida , the parent company of Seacoast National Bank , today announced that it has commenced an underwritten public offering of its common stock.Seacoast Announces Pricing of Common Stock Offering - Seeking AlphaSeacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  Shares Tick Up after Upgrade at ... - The Ledger Gazette'
p6
aS"BRIEF-SEACOAST BANKING CORP OF FLORIDA FILES FOR PRICING OF COMMON STOCK ... Reuters UK - Feb 15, 2017 NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C., Feb 15 Boeing Co handily defeated a union drive by workers at the company's aircraft factory in South Carolina on Wednesday, as almost three-quarters of workers at the plant who voted rejected union representation."
p7
aS'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Feb 24, 2017 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 24, as the stock lost 1.94% to close at $23.75.Seacoast Bank Announces Investor Day Webcast - PR Newswire SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Upgrades Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida to ... - Money Flow Index & Trends'
p8
aS'Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida Completes Acquisition of Floridian ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2016 STUART, Fla., March 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  , the holding company for Seacoast National Bank, today announced the completion of its acquisition of Floridian Financial Group, Inc.'
p9
aS"Tampa's GulfShore Bank acquired by Stuart-based Seacoast Banking Corp. Tampabay.com - Nov 4, 2016 GulfShore's three branches, two in Tampa and one in St. Petersburg, will be absorbed into Seacoast Bank. The move extends 90-year-old Seacoast's service area to Florida's west coast. It has 47 branches stretching from Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton and&nbsp;...Seacoast Bank expands into Tampa area with purchase of GulfShore Bank - TCPalm"
p10
a.