(lp0
S"Why Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Tumbled Today Motley Fool - Nov 15, 2016 Sally Beauty said revenue increased 1.3% to $976.4 million, short of estimates at $991 million. Same-store sales were up a modest 1.2%, which also missed the Wall Street consensus at 2.3%.Sally Beauty Holdings'  Christian Brickman on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaSally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Stock Dives on a Downbeat Q4 - Investorplace.com"
p1
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up Sally Beauty Holdings Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Feb 24, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. is an international specialty retailer and distributor of professional beauty supplies with operations primarily in North America, South America and Europe.Revenue Approximations Analysis: New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB ... - StockNewsJournalBrokerages Set Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  PT at $28.56 - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Sally Beauty Holdings Inc  is Beating GNC Holdings ... CML News - 18 hours ago This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for GNC Holdings Inc  versus Sally Beauty Holdings Inc  .The Way Wall Street Experts See Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  - Post AnalystTrading Overview of Stock: Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  - Is stories'
p3
aS"Technicals in Focus for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p4
aS'Stock Valuation in Focus for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  Business Review - 13 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p5
aS"Traders Secrets on Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. , Regal Entertainment ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 14.68 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p6
aS"Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. : What's the Story? StockNewsJournal - Mar 15, 2017 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Specialty Retail, Other.What are Analyst's Indicators for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. , Envision ... - The USA CommerceSally Beauty Holdings Inc Realized Volatility Hits An Unsually High Level - CML News"
p7
aS"Analyst's Predictions on Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. , Brocade ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 10, 2017 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  have shown a high EPS growth of 5.70% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 0.80% yoy.A Keen Look At The Chart For Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  - NY Stock News"
p8
aS'Stock Update: Looking at the Levels for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  Davidson Register - Mar 17, 2017 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.  has a current Value Composite Score of 20. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or overvalued company.'
p9
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: Sally Beauty Holdings Inc  CML News - Feb 23, 2017 As we look at Sally Beauty Holdings Inc we note that a short put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the short put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding earnings.'
p10
a.