(lp0
S'Starbucks: Will The Sunshine Go On? Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Higher costs for healthcare, rent and student loans, and widening gap between the cost of eating at home vs. away have crimped U.S.'
p1
aS"Starbucks: Ready For Growth Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Time and time again though, just as we sell we usually see that company's stock go on a great run. Investors that are growing impatient of Starbucks Corp. , need to exhibit patience. Now CEO Howard Schultz was on a business trip to Milan,&nbsp;...Starbucks Corporation 's Market Shares On The Decline As Top ... - Traders350"
p2
aS"Better Buy: Starbucks Corporation vs. PepsiCo Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2017 Starbucks' revenue rose 17% in 2015 and 11% in 2016, and this year it expects growth of 8% to 10%. That growth sounds decent for a mature coffee chain like Starbucks, but the company has also missed top-line estimates for four of the five past quarters&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Starbucks hopes for calm reaction to new spring cups Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Starbucks  announces the introduction of spring-themed hot beverage cups. The limited run of the bright pastel-colored cups begins today.'
p4
aS"Starbucks: Boycott threats haven't hurt brand Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Results from a YouGov BrandIndex survey suggesting a Starbucks  boycott campaign has dented the brand, &quot;do not reflect the customer satisfaction and perception trends we are seeing so far in 2017,&quot; said Matt Ryan, Starbucks' chief&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Key points from today's Starbucks presentation Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 CFO Scott Maw expects the company to see a one or two percentage point lift to comparable sales growth from higher prices this year."
p6
aS'Spotlight on foot traffic at Starbucks Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 The percentage of total restaurant traffic claimed by Starbucks  fell in comparison to some rivals in February, according to data from mobile specialist xAd.Starbucks Corporation  Spreads Wings Further In Seattle - Traders350Starbucks Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 09 - Equities.com'
p7
aS'Starbucks Issues First Global Yen Sustainability Bond in Japan Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Starbucks Corporation  today announced that it has closed an underwritten public offering of senior notes, comprising the first global yen-denominated Corporate Sustainability Bond issued in the Japanese market.'
p8
aS'Options bettors expect some fireworks from Starbucks Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Options investors are placing bets in front of Starbucks  presentation at the UBS Global Consumer &amp; Retail Conference on March 9 at 1:00 pm ET.'
p9
aS"Starbucks Vs. McCafe: Can McDonald's Take Market Share? Benzinga - 21 hours ago Can McDonald's Corporation  compete with Starbucks Corporation  in coffee? McDonald's believes an area where it can grow revenues is in its McCafe segment, and it's rolling out new products to test this theory."
p10
a.