(lp0
S'Samco Gold Announces Termination of Letter of Intent and Option Agreement With ... Marketwired  - Jan 17, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announces that the Company has received notice of termination of the previously announced letter of intent between the Company&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Samco Gold Signs Agreement With Yamana Gold Inc. for Sale of Corina Property ... Marketwired  - May 19, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announced that after a strategic review of its business, operations and prospects, it has terminated the Participation and&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Towerview Llc Insider of Samco Gold Ltd  Just Sold Shares In It ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 17, 2017 310 shares of Saga Communications Inc were sold by Towerview Llc, a corporation's insider. The mentioned shares are valued at $15,844 which has been calculated based on the average transactions' share price of $51.1."
p3
aS"What after Towerview Llc's Insider Unload of Samco Gold Ltd  Stock ... Wolcott Daily - Mar 13, 2017 Sale amounting to $666 US Dollars was disclosed in a public document submitted to the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2017."
p4
aS'Samco Announces Extension of Agreement to Acquire Dino Polymetallic (Zinc ... Marketwired  - Apr 3, 2015 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Samco Gold Limited   announces an extension of the share purchase agreement  with Mantaro Resources Limited  for the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Yamana Gold says to appeal against Argentine dispute assessment Reuters - Jan 2, 2015 Canada-based Yamana Gold Inc said it would seek the annulment of an Argentine court-appointed arbitrator's assessment that the company should pay $244 million to a director of Samco Gold Ltd. Yamana's Toronto-listed shares fell in the morning after&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"SAMCO introduces country's first Zero Balance trading account facility Economic Times - Jun 17, 2016 MUMBAI: Mumbai based discount brokerage SAMCO Securities has launched a zero balance trading account product 'IntraPlus' which allow traders to initiate intra-day trades even if the cash balance in their trading accounts is zero."
p7
aS"Get Red Cards for fouls and Get Gold Medals for achievements on the fastest ... Economic Times - May 3, 2016 On Friday at a press conference in Mumbai, SAMCO, one of India's fastest growing discount brokers today announced the Launch of the Season 2 of the Indian Trading League  and it also announced the launch of its ITL Medals program with new, intuitive&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Is Budget fineprint as impressive as the first impression? Read this Economic Times - Feb 1, 2017 Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley pulled off a good balancing act in the Union Budget for 2017-18 and the first impression of it seems to have left financial markets euphoric.'
p9
aS"Aintree racehorse sale includes Crabbie's Grand National runner SkySports - Apr 5, 2016 They will then stage a select sale of Horses in Training after racing, making use of the natural amphitheatre provided by the winner's enclosure."
p10
a.