(lp0
S"Judge puts Seattle Genetics' $2 billion deal with Immunomedics on hold Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 9, 2017 17, Immunomedics sued shareholder VenBio for attempting to take over Immunomedics' board and kill the licensing deal with Seattle Genetics. VenBio had a 9.9 percent stake in Immunomedics at the the time of the lawsuit. VenBio says the Seattle Genetics&nbsp;...DEADLINE MONDAY: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Seattle ... - Yahoo FinanceSeattle Genetics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS'Seattle Genetics  Up 8.2% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Seattle Genetics, Inc. SGEN . Shares have added about 8.2% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Seattle Genetics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 15 - Equities.com'
p2
aS'Why Seattle Genetics, Inc. Got Clobbered Today Motley Fool - Dec 27, 2016 Seattle Genetics  is down 15% at 11:57 a.m. EST after announcing the Food and Drug Administration has put a clinical hold on multiple early stage clinical trials testing its cancer drug vadastuximab talirine, which used to go by its code ...Seattle Genetics Plunges After Drug Studies Halted on Deaths - Bloomberg'
p3
aS"Funding Problems Encompass Seattle Genetics/Immunomedics Deal Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 On Friday, February 10, 2017, Immunomedics  and Seattle Genetics  signed a development and licensing agreement which called for an upfront payment to IMMU in the amount of $250 million for a global license of IMMU-132.Will Seattle Genetics' Deal With Immunomedics Get Scuttled? - Motley FoolSeattle Genetics signs $2B licensing deal with Immunomedics for cancer drug - Puget Sound Business Journal  "
p4
aS"Why Seattle Genetics Stock Surged Higher in November Motley Fool - Dec 9, 2016 Although Seattle's flagship antibody-drug conjugate Adcetris continues to perform admirably, with its Q3 sales rising by a healthy 19% relative to a year ago, the company has used the occasional price increase to help boost the drug's growth. While ..."
p5
aS'Seattle Genetics, Inc.  Coverage Initiated by Analysts at CIBC Chaffey Breeze - 21 hours ago CIBC started coverage on shares of Seattle Genetics, Inc.  in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning.Seattle Genetics, Inc.  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at ... - The Cerbat GemSeattle Genetics Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p6
aS'Seattle Genetics to resume trials as FDA lifts clinical hold Daily Mail - Mar 6, 2017 March 6  - Seattle Genetics Inc said on Monday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration lifted a clinical hold on several early stage studies testing its experimental cancer drug.FDA lifts hold on Seattle Genetics drug trials - Reuters'
p7
aS'Bear of the Day: Seattle Genetics  Yahoo Finance - Feb 24, 2017 SGEN, a Zacks Ranked #5 , is a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative antibody-based therapies for the treatment of cancer.'
p8
aS'Seattle Genetics, Inc.  Now Covered by Analysts at Cann Chaffey Breeze - Mar 16, 2017 Seattle Genetics, Inc. logo Cann assumed coverage on shares of Seattle Genetics, Inc.  in a report released on Wednesday morning.Seattle Genetics Inc Risk Points versus Health Care - CML NewsThe Seattle Genetics, Inc.  Research Coverage Started at Cann - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS"Option Market: Seattle Genetics Inc Risk Hits A Weakened Level CML News - Mar 14, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Seattle Genetics Inc&nbsp;..."
p10
a.