(lp0
S'A. Schulman Opens Distribution Center to Serve the North Mid-West Region PR Newswire  - Feb 27, 2017 AKRON, Ohio, Feb. 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A. Schulman, Inc. , a leading international supplier of high-performance plastic compounds, masterbatches, powders and resins, today announced that A. Schulman, Inc. will open a distribution&nbsp;...A. Schulman Inc. to reopen closed facility in Stryker as a distribution center - Akron Beacon Journal A. Schulman Inc.: A. Schulman Opens Distribution Center to Serve the North Mid ... - The Wall Street Transcript'
p1
aS'A. Schulman Adds Experienced Sales Operations Executive To Further Bolster ... PR Newswire  - Jan 30, 2017 AKRON, Ohio, Jan. 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A. Schulman, Inc.  announced today Stacey L. Marsh has joined the Company as its operational sales director.'
p2
aS'Stock Alert: A. Schulman Inc Realized Volatility Hits A Plunging Low CML News - 17 hours ago Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that A. Schulman Inc  has seen its stock price move at a plunging low level.'
p3
aS"A. Schulman Inc. discloses financial terms of separation agreement with its ... Crain's Cleveland Business - Oct 18, 2016 A. Schulman Inc.  ousted CEO Bernard Rzepka in mid-August. Now it's time to pay up. The Fairlawn-based supplier of plastic compounds and resins on Monday, Oct. 17, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a document&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"I'm Not Exactly Confident In A. Schulman, Inc. Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2017 It has been a long time since I have checked in on a little-known company called A. Schulman, Inc. . A. Schulman is a small competitor of Dow Chemical  and DuPont ."
p5
aS"CEO Joseph Gingo says review allows A. Schulman Inc. to 're-set the company' Crain's Cleveland Business - Nov 29, 2016 A. Schulman Inc. is heading in the right direction after a comprehensive review of its business, according to CEO Joseph Gingo."
p6
aS'Why Shares of A. Schulman Inc. Plunged 35% Today Motley Fool - Aug 11, 2016 What: Shares of plastics producer A. Schulman Inc.  dropped as much as 34.7% today after the company lowered full-year guidance.'
p7
aS"Shake-up at A. Schulman Inc.: Chairman Joe Gingo back as CEO Akron Beacon Journal - Aug 19, 2016 Struggling Fairlawn polymer company A. Schulman Inc. has replaced its chief executive officer with its 71-year-old chairman and former CEO, Joe Gingo.A. Schulman Inc. names new chief legal officer - Crain's Cleveland BusinessRzepka out, Gingo back as CEO at A. Schulman - Plastics News"
p8
aS'Kathy Oswald Elected to A. Schulman Board of Directors PR Newswire  - Dec 12, 2016 AKRON, Ohio, Dec. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- A. Schulman, Inc.  announced today that Kathleen M. Oswald has joined its Board of Directors.'
p9
aS"A. Schulman Inc. names a chief commercial officer Crain's Cleveland Business - Dec 14, 2016 As it sets off to execute new initiatives following a thorough review of its business following a rough 18-month period, Fairlawn-based A. Schulman Inc. has named former Comcast Cable executive Gary Phillips as its chief commercial officer, the company&nbsp;...Gary Phillips To Join A. Schulman As Chief Commercial Officer - PR Newswire "
p10
a.