(lp0
S"Standard Life property trust proves real estate not dead Citywire.co.uk - Jul 15, 2016 The 300 million investment trust said this this week it had completed the sale of three buildings outside London since the 23 June vote for 'Brexit' sent commercial property into a tailspin. The investment trust said the 12.5 million the sales ..."
p1
aS'Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust Ltd  to Issue GBX 1.19 Dividend Sports Perspectives - Mar 9, 2017 Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust logo Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust Ltd  declared a dividend on Wednesday, March 8th.'
p2
aS'Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust Ltd  to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.19 on ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 15, 2017 Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust logo Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust Ltd  declared a dividend on Wednesday, March 8th.'
p3
aS'Standard Life Investments to reopen 2.6bn property fund Citywire.co.uk - Sep 26, 2016 Standard Life Investments has reopened its 2.6 billion UK Real Estate fund, which was the first of a wave of property funds to announce a suspension of dealing after the Brexit vote took its toll on the sector. Standard Life Investments said it would ...'
p4
aS'Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust Ltd  To Go Ex-Dividend on March 16th BNB Daily  - Mar 11, 2017 Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust logo Standard Life Inv Prop Inc Trust Ltd  announced a dividend on Wednesday, March 8th.'
p5
aS"Investment Trust Watch: City of London swings low Citywire.co.uk - Feb 19, 2016 Winterflood Securites responded this week by adding Picton Property Income  to its model portfolio of trusts while reducing Standard Life Investments Property Income , a corporate broking client. 'The latter's share price has held up very ..."
p6
aS'Property and Smaller Company Trusts on a 10% Discount Morningstar - Jul 29, 2016 Focusing on five of the more generalist trusts; F&amp;C Commercial Property , F&amp;C UK Real Estate Investments , Schroder Real Estate Invest Trust , Standard Life Investments Property  and UK Commercial Property , we can&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Investment Trust Watch: 'cheap' Foreign &amp; Colonial Citywire.co.uk - Jun 17, 2016 Shares in Foreign &amp; Colonial , the country's oldest investment trust, have fallen to 13% below their net asset value , a four-year low for the discount, as investors sell the shares ahead of next week's EU referendum."
p8
aS'Giant property funds from Standard Life, Aviva and M&amp;G lock savers in: What ... This is Money - Jul 5, 2016 Investors were given a painful reminder of 2008 this week, when Standard Life Investments suspended trading on its UK property fund. The decision yesterday saw ... The Standard Life fund has around 60 per cent of its assets invested in London and the ...Aviva, M&amp;G suspend property funds as investors panic - Citywire.co.ukNumber of UK property funds suspended since Brexit vote doubles - Reuters UK'
p9
aS"Profile: Parmenion's ethical boss on how ESG led to outperformance Citywire.co.uk - Oct 4, 2016 'It makes sense,' says Andrew Gilbert, lead manager and creator of Parmenion Investment Management's ethical solutions, referring to the rapid expansion of both the portfolio range and its investable universe."
p10
a.