(lp0
S"Staples Inc : Ex-dividend is coming in 3 days, should you buy? Simply Wall St - 4 hours ago Shares of Staples  will begin trading ex-dividend in 3 days. To qualify for the dividend check of $0.12 per share, investors must have owned the shares prior to Wed 22 Mar 2017, which is the last day the company's management will finalize ...Crazy Volume Spikes for: Staples, Inc.  - HugoPressStaples, Inc.  now has Insider Ownership of 0.1% - ClickLancashire"
p1
aS"The Smaller, Better Staples? Or Tomorrow's Radio Shack? Seeking Alpha - 1 hour ago Over the last few Staples articles I discussed at length my displeasure of Staples' management, particularly at their supposed solution to their growth problems."
p2
aS'Staples Inc. Q4 Profit Declines 4% Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017  - Staples Inc.  announced earnings for fourth quarter that fell from last year. The company said its earnings came in at $161 million, or $0.25 per share.'
p3
aS"Staples, Inc. Stock Bounces Back After Yesterday's Dip Motley Fool - Mar 10, 2017 Shares of Staples, Inc.  rose as much as 7% during the trading day today before dropping back to hover around a rise of 4%.Staples to Close 70 Stores in North America - Bloomberg"
p4
aS'Staples: Stay Away Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 The company has reorganized its business unit reporting which lumps Staples.com and Staples.ca orders with the contract/delivery business.'
p5
aS"Platinum Equity to acquire Staples' Australia and New Zealand business PE Hub   - Mar 13, 2017 FRAMINGHAM, MA &amp; LOS ANGELES, CA - Staples, Inc.  and Platinum Equity today announced a definitive agreement under which Platinum Equity will acquire Staples' business in Australia and New&nbsp;...Platinum Equity to acquire Staples Inc asset in Australian &amp; NZ - DEALSTREETASIAPlatinum Equity to Acquire Staples' Business in Australia and New Zealand - Business Wire "
p6
aS'RadioShack, Staples plan scores of store closings The Real Deal Magazine - Mar 11, 2017 The parent company of RadioShack filed for bankruptcy and plans to close about 200 stores, and Staples Inc. announced plans to close about 70 stores.'
p7
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Staples, Inc., 62.5% Follow-Through Indicator, 4.2 ... Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 Staples, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p8
aS"Staples' 'Plan B' is off to a rough start The Boston Globe - Mar 10, 2017 Staples Inc. executives turned to a backup plan after a judge sidelined the megamerger with Office Depot. Now we have a glimpse of how Plan B is playing out, with Thursday's release of the Framingham-based office supplier's 2016 financials."
p9
aS"Staples: I Just Don't Get It Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Those who have read my previous Staples articles know that I have been critical of the company in the recent past, particularly over the failed attempt at a financial bailout in the form of a buyout of Office Depot  orchestrated by an ..."
p10
a.