(lp0
S'SUPPORT.COM, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... Market Exclusive - Mar 16, 2017 Support.com, Inc. is a provider of cloud-based software and services for technology support. The Company offers outsourced support services for service providers, retailers, Internet of Things  solution providers and technology companies.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Support.com, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p1
aS"Support.com, Inc.  Adopts 'Poison Pill' Provision StreetInsider.com - Oct 14, 2015 Support.com, Inc.  announced that its Board of Directors has approved the adoption of a stockholder rights plan  and declared a dividend distribution of one right  for each outstanding share of common stock."
p2
aS'Activism On Support.com: 60% Return Seeking Alpha - Jun 13, 2016 Several authors have noted that Support.com was the perfect target for an activist investor. They were right, VIEX Capital Advisors, LLC has contacted the Board of Directors.'
p3
aS"Why Support.com, Inc. Shares Plunged Motley Fool - Jan 8, 2014 Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis."
p4
aS'SUPPORT.COM, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 On March 6, 2017, the Board of Directors of Support.com, Inc.  appointed Richard Bloom, the current interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, as Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the ...'
p5
aS"Why I Would Not Buy Support.com Stock Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2014 There has been some chatter in the value investing and Magic Formula Investing  communities lately about Support.com , a recent micro-cap addition to the MFI screens. I've had several readers ask if it looked like an attractive&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"BRIEF-Support.com Inc names Richard Bloom interim president, CEO Reuters - Oct 31, 2016 DUBAI, March 12 Stock markets in the Gulf were mostly lower in early trade on Sunday after crude oil prices plunged at the end of last week to a three-month low, but Dubai's Shuaa Capital and Saudi Arabia's Bank Aljazira surged in response to&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'VIEX Issues Letter To Fellow Support.com Stockholders PR Newswire  - May 17, 2016 VIEX Capital Advisors, LLC, together with its affiliates and the other participants in its solicitation , collectively the largest stockholder of Support.com, Inc. , with ownership of ...'
p8
aS'support.com Inc.: Support.com Reports Fourth Quarter and 2016 Financial Results The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 17, 2017 February 16, 2017 - Support.com, Inc. , makers of Support.com Cloud software for Support Interaction Optimization, and a leading provider of tech support and turnkey support center services, today reported unaudited financial results for ...'
p9
aS"BRIEF-Support.com says cfo Roop Lakkaraju announced his resignation Reuters - Feb 2, 2017 Feb 2 Support.Com Inc : * Support.com Inc - Roop K. Lakkaraju chief financial officer of Support.com, Inc announced his resignation from his position as officer of company. * Support.Com Inc - Lakkaraju's last day with company is expected to be ..."
p10
a.