(lp0
S'Sequenom, Inc. Reports 2015 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2016 SAN DIEGO, March 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Sequenom, Inc. , a life sciences company committed to enabling healthier lives through the development of innovative products and services, today reported results for the fourth quarter and full&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Here's Why Sequenom Inc.'s Shares Cratered Today Motley Fool - Aug 6, 2015 What: Sequenom  reported its second-quarter earnings today, triggering a 28% drop in its share price on exceptional volume."
p2
aS'Sequenom, Inc. Announces Restructuring: Plans Sale Of North Carolina ... PR Newswire  - Jan 7, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Jan. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Sequenom, Inc. , a life sciences company committed to enabling healthier lives through the development of innovative products and services, today announced actions designed to sharpen the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'LabCorp Takes Sequenom For $300m Seeking Alpha - Jul 28, 2016 Even Sequenom  bulls have had to admit that the past year has not been a good one for the lab testing company.'
p4
aS'Sequenom, Inc. Reports Financial Results For The First Quarter Of 2015 PR Newswire  - May 6, 2015 SAN DIEGO, May 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Sequenom, Inc. , a life sciences company committed to enabling healthier lives through the development of innovative products and services, today reported total revenues of $37.8 million for the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Company Update : Sequenom, Inc. Acquired by LabCorp for $302 Million Smarter Analyst - Jul 27, 2016 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings  , the world's leading healthcare diagnostics company, and Sequenom, Inc. , a pioneer in non-invasive prenatal testing  for reproductive health, today announced&nbsp;...It's 182% Premium For Shareholders In Sequenom, Inc.  - Scibility MediaSequenom, Inc.: SQNM Stock Soars on LabCorp Bid - Investorplace.com"
p6
aS'Why Sequenom, Inc. Stock Skyrocketed Motley Fool - Dec 3, 2014 What: Shares of Sequenom , a developer of genetic analysis solutions and molecular diagnostic tests, skyrocketed by as much as 37% after announcing that it had ended a long-standing patent dispute with Illumina .Is Sequenom Next? - Seeking AlphaIllumina and Sequenom Pool Noninvasive Prenatal Testing Intellectual Property ... - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Sequenom Announces Private Exchange Transactions Regarding Outstanding ... PR Newswire  - Jun 4, 2015 SAN DIEGO, June 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Sequenom, Inc. , a life sciences company committed to enabling healthier lives through the development of innovative products and services, announced today that it has entered into separate,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Sequenom Announces Appointment Of Dirk van den Boom As President And Chief ... PR Newswire  - Dec 11, 2015 SAN DIEGO, Calif., Dec. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Sequenom, Inc. , a life sciences company committed to enabling healthier lives through the development of innovative products and services, today announced that its Board of Directors&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"William Blair Comments on Sequenom, Inc.  Following Supreme Court Patent ... Smarter Analyst - Jun 27, 2016 William Blair analyst Brian Weinstein chimed in today on Sequenom, Inc. , following the news that the Supreme Court rejected Sequenom's appeal of a prior ruling invalidating the company's U.S.Supreme Court refuses to review prenatal test patent dispute - ReutersSequenom  Disappointed Supreme Court Denied Petition Requesting Review ... - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.