(lp0
S'Why Silver Spring Networks, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 What happened. Shares of Silver Spring Networks Inc.  were down 14.3% as of 11:30 a.m. Wednesday after the smart-grid products specialist announced strong fourth-quarter 2016 results, but followed with underwhelming guidance.Silver Spring Networks to Present at the JMP Securities 2017 Technology ... - Yahoo FinanceSilver Spring Networks  PT Lowered to $11 at Baird on Weak Q1 Guidance - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'CORRECTING and REPLACING Silver Spring Networks to Present at the 29 Business Wire  - Mar 11, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , a leading networking platform and solutions provider for the Internet of Important Things, today announced that Ken Gianella, Chief Financial Officer, will present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference on March ...Stock Returns: RealPage Inc  is Beating Silver Spring Networks Inc ... - CML News'
p2
aS'Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  Valuation in the Spotlight Business Review - 15 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p3
aS'Silver Spring Networks to Present at the 29 Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif.----Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , a leading networking platform and solutions provider for the Internet of Important Things, today announced that Ken Gianella, Chief Financial Officer, will present at the ...Silver Spring Networks Inc Price Volatility Hits An Amplified Level - CML News108434 Shares in Silver Spring Networks Inc  Acquired by Marshall Wace LLP - BNB Daily '
p4
aS"Silver Spring Networks Announces Smart Grid Deployment with AEP Ohio Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  today announced its selection for an innovative networking deployment for the second phase of AEP Ohio's smart grid program."
p5
aS'Silver Spring Networks Will Leverage From The Growth Of IoT And Smart Cities Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2016 Silver Spring Networks Inc.  is an energy efficiency company providing networking platform and solutions that enable utilities to transform the traditional power grid infrastructure into a smart grid.'
p6
aS'Recent M&amp;A, Backlog Strength Encouraging Signs For Silver Spring Networks Benzinga - Oct 7, 2016 Oppenheimer has lifted the price target on Silver Spring Networks Inc  shares from $15 to $17 based on valuation supported by recent M&amp;A and strength in backlog.'
p7
aS'CESC Expands Silver Spring Networks IoT Platform to Kota and Bharatpur, India Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  today announced the expansion of its program with CESC Limited for two franchisees in Kota and Bharatpur, India.'
p8
aS'Williams Financial Group Lowers Silver Spring Networks Inc  to Hold The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Silver Spring Networks Inc logo Williams Financial Group lowered shares of Silver Spring Networks Inc  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Monday.Silver Spring Networks Inc  Rating Lowered to Hold at Williams Financial ... - Chaffey BreezeSilver Spring Networks Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Williams Capital - BNB Daily '
p9
aS"Silver Spring Networks'  CEO Mike Bell on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 6, 2016 Greetings, and welcome to the Silver Spring Networks Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.Silver Spring Networks Extends Starfish Internet of Things Service in Rhode ... - Business Wire "
p10
a.