(lp0
S'News South West Business - Mar 26, 2014 Profits are up 19 per cent to 3.2m and turnover up eight per cent to 42.6m for Chippenham headquartered and Bristol based business SCISYS Plc. The supplier of bespoke software systems, IT based solutions and support services to the media and&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Scisys Inks Contract Worth Around EUR3.7 Million For ExoMars Project London South East   - Feb 7, 2017 It again underpins the very positive momentum that we see building across the Scisys business, as well as the continued and valued support of the ExoMars programme by the UK government,&quot; said Chief Executive Officer Klaus Heidrich in a statement.SCISYS wins contract for ExoMars programme - Stock Market Wire'
p2
aS'SCISYS group acquires newsroom software business Insider Media - Nov 25, 2016 Chippenham-headquartered software and IT company SCISYS group has acquired a newsroom software business which provides its services to the BBC.'
p3
aS'Contract Win London South East   - Feb 9, 2017 SCISYS PLC , the supplier of bespoke software systems, IT-based solutions and support services to the media, broadcast, space, government, defence and commercial sectors, is pleased to announce that it has signed a contract for up to&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Scisys  New Price Targets UK Market News - Mar 15, 2017 SCISYS PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which is engaged in developing information technology  services. The Company develops application solutions and products, and provides supporting services.'
p5
aS'Scisys  Broker Roundup Fiscal Standard - Mar 10, 2017 SCISYS PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which is engaged in developing information technology  services. The Company develops application solutions and products, and provides supporting services.'
p6
aS'Scisys  Broker Price Targets Fiscal Standard - May 3, 2016 SCISYS PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which is engaged in developing information technology  services. The Company develops application solutions and products, and provides supporting services.'
p7
aS'The Week Ahead: Nerves raw, confidence shaken TradingFloor.com - Oct 13, 2014 The pace of selling quickened last week as more bad news on economic growth in general  and Eurozone growth in particular sent investors running&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Small Cap Value Report  - UBI, CGS, SSY Stockopedia - Aug 16, 2016 Interim results to 30 Jun 2016 - interesting company, but when is it going to make sustainable profits? The trouble with permanently loss-making companies like this, is that they need refinancing every now and then, to keep the wolves from the door.'
p9
aS"Tasty Tasty, very very Tasty Investors Chronicle  - Aug 13, 2013 With a pedigree like that, as well as a father, Peter Kaye, who founded Garfunkel's, I was immediately drawn to Tasty plc , the Kaye brother's latest restaurant venture. TAST operates ... I have bought into SciSys  at 69.9p on 24th July 2013 ..."
p10
a.