(lp0
S"Stellar Diamonds' shares finally back on AIM Proactive Investors UK - Feb 27, 2017 Stellar Diamonds PLC's  shares are back trading on AIM following a six month lay-off. Its shares were suspended from trading back in August when it first announced the details of its merger, via a reverse takeover, with Octea Mining.Stellar Diamonds Shares Drop Immediately After Being Restored To AIM  - London South East  "
p1
aS'Stellar Diamonds unveils Sierra Leone diamond merger Proactive Investors UK - Aug 22, 2016 Stellar Diamonds PLC  has revealed details of a deal that would see it form a much larger mining operation than it previously envisaged in Sierra Leone.'
p2
aS"Is Stellar Diamonds plc  Financially Strong Enough To Weather A Storm? Simply Wall St - Mar 17, 2017 Stellar Diamonds plc , with a market capitalization of USD $2 Million, is considered a small-cap company. Although such businesses are the ones which could grow the most, they are also highly prone to a downturn in the country's economy or&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Stellar Diamonds agrees finance package with German group Proactive Investors UK - Aug 14, 2015 The Sierra Leone and Guinea diamond miner also intends to restructure its share capital through a 50 into one consolidation.'
p4
aS"BIG PICTURE - Stellar Diamonds gleaming in Guinea Proactive Investors UK - May 15, 2015 Twelve months ago Stellar Diamonds'  Baoul mine was tipped to transform the company's fortunes. Back then, the firm was still building roads and lugging equipment to its 75% owned site, located in the heart of the Aredor diamond district in&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Stellar Diamonds rises on Sierra Leone licence update Proactive Investors UK - Jan 28, 2016 Stellar Diamonds'  mining licence application for the Tongo Dyke-1 diamond project in Sierra Leone is making good progress, it said today."
p6
aS'UPDATE - Stellar Diamonds shares up as next diamond sale is pencilled in Proactive Investors UK - May 7, 2015 From the mine in Guinea, the second sale boosts the Baoul brand within the industry, with Stellar Diamonds establishing itself as a supplier of regular, high quality diamonds to the markets of the world, said Austin McKelvie, analyst at broker ...'
p7
aS'Analyst Activity  Beaufort Securities Reiterates Under Review on Stellar ... Market Exclusive - Feb 20, 2017 Stellar Diamonds plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of diamond properties in the West African countries of Sierra Leone and Guinea.'
p8
aS'Stellar Diamonds Plc  Sees an Upswing Business Review - Mar 14, 2017 Shares of Stellar Diamonds Plc  are pushing higher in the recent session touching $6.62 on a recent bid, up $0.38 from the open.'
p9
aS'Stellar Diamonds reports encouraging diamond grades from Tongo kimberlite in ... Proactive Investors UK - Feb 15, 2011 While no conclusions can yet be drawn as to the diamond value of the Dyke 1 kimberlite, due to the small parcel of stones obtained so far, a 130 carat parcel of stones previously recovered from Dyke 1 by Stellar was recently re-valued for the company ...'
p10
a.