(lp0
S"Carson Block Takes on St. Jude Medical Claiming Hack Risk Bloomberg - Aug 25, 2016 Carson Block, the renowned short-seller and founder of research firm Muddy Waters LLC, has taken a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., denouncing the security of its cardiac devices in an effort that could derail the company's purchase by Abbott&nbsp;...Credit Suisse Assesses Risk At St. Jude Medical - Benzinga"
p1
aS'Why St. Jude Medical Inc. Stock Popped 38.1% in April Motley Fool - May 5, 2016 What: Shares of St. Jude Medical Inc , a company focused on the development, manufacture and distribution of cardiovascular medical devices popped 38.1% in April, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Abbott Laboratories: St. Jude Medical Deal Makes Sense, But Looks Pricey - Seeking AlphaAbbott deal for St. Jude Medical continues consolidation trend - Mass Device'
p2
aS'St. Jude Medical Warns of Battery Problems With Heart Products Wall Street Journal - Oct 11, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. warned Tuesday that a battery malfunction could cause hundreds of thousands of its implanted heart defibrillators to quickly lose power and stop functioning.Two deaths spark recall of St. Jude heart devices - ReutersSt. Jude Warns Defibrillator Patients About Battery Risks - Bloomberg'
p3
aS'Hired experts back claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked Reuters - Oct 24, 2016 Short-selling firm Muddy Waters said in a legal filing on Monday that outside experts it hired validated its claims that St. Jude Medical Inc cardiac implants are vulnerable to potentially life-threatening cyber attacks. U.S. regulators responded by ...Muddy Waters Fights St. Jude Lawsuit Over Pacemaker Reports - Bloomberg'
p4
aS'St. Jude Medical Files Lawsuit Against Muddy Waters Bloomberg - Sep 7, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. filed a lawsuit against short-seller Muddy Waters, MedSec and related companies as well as three executives at the firms.St. Jude Medical Sues Short Seller Over Device Allegations - Wall Street Journal'
p5
aS"Short seller Muddy Waters renews claims of St. Jude Medical cyber vulnerabilities MarketWatch - Oct 19, 2016 Short seller Muddy Waters Capital, which holds a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., claimed Wednesday for the second time that the medical device maker's implantable cardiac devices are vulnerable to cyberattack.Abbott, St. Jude Medical Plans to Sell $1.1 Billion in Assets After Deal Closes - Wall Street JournalNew cybersecurity allegations emerge as St. Jude Medical reports mixed ... - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p6
aS"St. Jude hits back at short-seller's cyberattack claims  Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Aug 29, 2016 St. Jude Medical Inc. is defending itself against charges by a research firm that its devices are vulnerable to hackers, calling the report &quot;false and misleading.St. Jude Medical, Inc. : Still Non-Secure  Muddy Waters - ValueWalkSt. Jude Medical Continues to Refute Allegations made by Muddy Waters Capital ... - Business Wire "
p7
aS"Abbott Labs closes its acquisition of St. Jude Medical Minneapolis Star Tribune - Jan 4, 2017 Abbott Laboratories released no new details Wednesday about integration timelines and personnel changes in Minnesota as it completed its long-planned acquisition of Little Canada-based medical device company St. Jude Medical. The cash-and-stock&nbsp;...Abbott  Completes Acquisition of St. Jude Medical  - StreetInsider.comBlog Coverage Abbott and St. Jude Medical Merger Gets OK from US and China's ... - Yahoo Finance"
p8
aS"FTC Approved Abbott's Acquisition of St. Jude Medical Market Realist - Dec 30, 2016 As per the FTC, the combined company after Abbott's acquisition of St. Jude Medical will have a monopoly over the vascular closure devices market with control of more than 70% of the market.Abbott  Acquisition of St. Jude Medical  Close Date Set for January 4 - StreetInsider.comAbbott Laboratories required to divest cardiac device businesses to complete ... - ModernHealthcare.com"
p9
aS"Trading in St. Jude Medical halted, news pending Seeking Alpha - Aug 26, 2016 Nasdaq has suspended trading in St. Jude Medical  pending news. It's been in a ... Update: In a statement, the company says Muddy Waters' report is false and misleading and it stands behind the security and safety of its devices. Specific to ..."
p10
a.