(lp0
S"Nebraska Medicine Selects Streamline Health's Coding Audit Services to Confirm ... PR Newswire  - Mar 8, 2017 ATLANTA, March 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions, technology-enabled services and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Streamline Health Acquires Opportune IT Healthcare Solutions PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 ATLANTA, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions and analytics services supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare enterprises in the new&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Streamline Health Announces Sale Of Its Patient Engagement Solutions To ... PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 ATLANTA, Dec. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions, technology-enabled services and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare&nbsp;...DSS, Inc. Announces Purchase of Patient Engagement and Scheduling Solutions to ... - Business Wire '
p3
aS"Analyst mean rating stands at 2.50 while Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.'s ... Hot Stocks Point - 8 hours ago Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  stock price ended its day with gain 0.98% and finalized at the value of $1.03. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.04 million shares."
p4
aS'Streamline Health Appoints Shaun Priest In Newly Created Position Of Chief ... PR Newswire  - Apr 11, 2016 ATLANTA, April 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. , provider of the Looking Glass platform of integrated solutions and analytics supporting revenue cycle optimization for healthcare enterprises in the new&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Streamline Health Announces New Reseller Agreement With himagine solutions PR Newswire  - Dec 9, 2015 About Streamline Health Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  is a healthcare industry leader in capturing, aggregating, and translating enterprise data into knowledge - actionable insights that reduce exposure to risk, enhance operational&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Basic Consolidated EPS Of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  At ... Equities Focus - 17 hours ago From the parent firm, Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  received diluted EPS of $-0.2295 for the annual period settled 2016-01-31.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  - Fiscal StandardTech Lows: the Rubicon Project, Inc. , Streamline Health Solutions ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p7
aS"DSS Acquires Streamline Health's Patient Engagement Solutions for $2M HIT Consultant - Dec 2, 2016 Document Storage Systems, Inc. , a provider of software development and support for VistA and vxVistA has acquired Streamline Health's Looking Glass Patient Engagement suite of solutions including its current customer base and personnel."
p8
aS'Streamline Health Solutions Inc  Stock Technicals at Critical ... CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Streamline Health Solutions Inc  . The company has a three bull technical rating which indicates an inflection point.'
p9
aS'Streamline Health Solutions Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Extreme ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Streamline Health Solutions Inc  . The company has a one bull technical rating which indicates extreme weakness.Brokers Change Their Target Price On Streamline Health Solutions, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.