(lp0
S"Federal Reserve approves $402M takeover of Suffolk Bancorp Newsday - 22 hours ago The Federal Reserve Board of Governors has approved the $402 million acquisition of Suffolk Bancorp by Bridgeport, Connecticut-based People's United Financial, People's said Friday.People's United Gets Fed Approval to Buy Suffolk Bancorp - NasdaqMerger of Suffolk County National Bank with People's United approved by ... - RiverheadLOCAL"
p1
aS"People's United Bank  Receives Federal Reserve Board Approval of Suffolk ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 16, 2017 As announced by The Federal Reserve Board on March 16, 2017, People's United Financial, Inc.  has received approval by the Board of Governors of The Federal Reserve for the merger of Suffolk Bancorp, of Riverhead, NY &nbsp;...Federal Reserve Board announces approval of application by People's United ... - EIN News "
p2
aS'Suffolk Bancorp Stats 27east.com - Feb 21, 2017 Suffolk Bancorp Inc., parent company of Suffolk County National Bank, recently released results for the fourth quarter of 2016 and the full year, showing a net income of $21.5 million, a 20.3-percent increase over 2015.Insider Trading Activity Suffolk Bancorp   Director Sold 10000 ... - Market ExclusiveJohn D. Stark, Jr. Sells 4000 Shares of Suffolk Bancorp  Stock - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS"People's United Bank  to Acquire Suffolk Bancorp  in $402M Deal StreetInsider.com - Jun 27, 2016 People's United Financial, Inc. , the holding company for People's United Bank, N.A., announced today a definitive agreement pursuant to which People's United Financial will acquire Suffolk Bancorp , of Riverhead, NY, the&nbsp;...People's United to buy Suffolk Bancorp for $402 million - NewsdaySuffolk Bancorp  to be Acquired by People's United Bank - Small Cap Exclusive "
p4
aS"Suffolk Bancorp shareholders green-light merger with People's United Financial RiverheadLOCAL - Oct 15, 2016 Suffolk Bancorp shareholders this week overwhelmingly approved the merger of Suffolk and People's United Financial Inc. The proposed merger was approved Thursday by a vote of more than 80 percent of the shares eligible to vote - and more than 97&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"People's United officials say they hope to close on Suffolk Bancorp deal this ... SoutholdLOCAL - Jan 30, 2017 While People's United Financial and Suffolk Bancorp await regulatory approval of the proposed acquisition of the Riverhead bank by People's United, the two companies continue to work on combining their operations, People's United president and CEP Jack&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Suffolk County National Bank Announces Layoffs Due To Pending Merger ... 27east.com - Nov 9, 2016 On Tuesday, Howard C. Bluver, the CEO and president of Suffolk BanCorp, the parent company of Suffolk County National Bank, confirmed that layoffs eventually will happen at the branch level, though he does not expect offices located in Southampton and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Shareholder lawsuit seeks to halt Suffolk County National Bank merger RiverheadLOCAL - Aug 15, 2016 A Suffolk Bancorp shareholder has filed a federal lawsuit seeking to block the company's merger with People's United Financial Inc. In a complaint filed Aug. 4 in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, shareholder Paul Parshall claims that Suffolk Bancorp&nbsp;...People's United Bank faces opposition in proposed acquisition of New York bank - CT Post"
p8
aS"Suffolk County National Bank laying off 76, filing shows Newsday - Nov 1, 2016 Suffolk County National Bank is expected to begin laying off 76 back-office workers in Riverhead in January. The reason for the layoffs is that Suffolk Bancorp, the bank's Riverhead-based holding company, is being acquired by Connecticut-based People's&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Suffolk Bancorp  Shareholders Approve Proposed Merger With People's ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 13, 2016 Pending regulatory approval, and subject to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 26, 2016, Suffolk will merge with and into People's United, and Suffolk County National Bank will merge with and into People's United Bank ..."
p10
a.