(lp0
S"Zacks: Standex Int'l Corp.  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 23 hours ago Standex Int'l Corp. logo Shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  have been given a consensus broker rating score of 2.00  from the two analysts that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.The Standex Int'l Corp.  Shares Sold by Fmr LLC - Petro Global News 24Standex Int'l Corp. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS"
p1
aS"The Standex Int'l Corp.  Stake Held by Public Sector Pension Investment Board Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Public Sector Pension Investment Board continued to hold its position in shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Standex Int'l Corp.  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Sports PerspectivesStandex Int'l Corp.  Shares Sold by Fmr LLC - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS"Analysts Anticipate Standex Int'l Corp.  to Announce $1.05 Earnings Per Share Chaffey Breeze - Mar 6, 2017 Standex Int'l Corp. logo Standex Int'l Corp.  has earned a consensus broker rating score of 2.00  from the two brokers that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.The Credit Agricole SA Reduces Position in Standex Int'l Corp.  - DailyQuint"
p3
aS"The First Republic Investment Management Inc. Has $286000 Stake in Standex Int ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 13, 2017 First Republic Investment Management Inc. maintained its position in shares of Standex Int'l Corp.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.A statement released earlier today by Zacks Investment Research about Standex ... - Breaking Finance News"
p4
aS"Should You Buy Standex Int'l Corp. ? Insider Monkey  - Dec 16, 2016 According to Insider Monkey's hedge fund database, AQR Capital Management, led by Cliff Asness, holds the number one position in Standex Int'l Corp. . AQR Capital Management has a $7.1 million position in the stock. The second largest stake&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Revenue Update on Standex Int'l Corp. Morning Outlook - Feb 8, 2017 Standex Int'l Corp. announced the earnings results for Fiscal Year 2017 and Q2. The results came in during Pre-Market on Feb 3, 2017."
p6
aS"Standex Int'l Corp.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 4, 2017 Standex Int'l Corp. logo Standex Int'l Corp.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday."
p7
aS"The 177633 Shares in Standex Int'l Corp.  Acquired by Janus Capital ... DailyQuint - Mar 7, 2017 Janus Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Standex Int'l Corp.  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports."
p8
aS"Insiders Cut Stakes in Standex Int'l Corp.  and Mead Johnson Nutrition CO ... Insider Monkey  - Sep 2, 2015 Let's start with Standex Int'l Corp. , a New Hampshire-based manufacturer of services and products for different types of industrial and commercial market segments."
p9
aS"Newmont Mining  Lost It's RBC Capital Markets Outperform Rating ... HuronReport - Mar 16, 2017 The stock of Standex Int'l Corp.  earned Sell rating by Zacks on Tuesday, August 11. The stock has Buy rating by Wunderlich on Thursday, August 27.Market Cap Of Newmont Mining Corporation  Of $17.47B - ClickLancashire"
p10
a.