(lp0
S'Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Welcome to Sunoco Logistics Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session.What Analysts are Predicting For Sunoco Logistics Partners LP , Sally ... - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS'A Close Look At Energy Transfer Partners Ahead Of The Merger With Sunoco Logistics Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 The merger between Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.  and Sunoco Logistics Partners, L.P.  is expected to close by mid-April.Energy Transfer Partners LP  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - Chaffey BreezeTwo Materials Stocks Are Just So Hot Right Now: Energy Transfer Partners, LP ... - The Independent Republic'
p2
aS"Traders Secrets on Sunoco Logistics Partners LP , First Horizon National ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 4.66 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average ...Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Sunoco Logistics Partners LP , Express ... - The USA CommerceStock Jumping Abnormally High: Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  - HugoPress"
p3
aS"Technicals in Focus for Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  The USA Commerce - Mar 16, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p4
aS'Sunoco Logistics Partners LP: Sunoco Logistics Announces Record Results and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Feb 22, 2017 NEWTOWN SQUARE, PA - February 22, 2017 - Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.   today announced net income attributable to partners for the year ended December 31, 2016 of $705 million ,&nbsp;...Sunoco Logistics Announces Record Results and Distributable Cash Flow for Full ... - Yahoo FinanceWhy to Keeping Eye on Boyd Gaming Corporation , Sunoco Logistics Partners ... - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS'The Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 17, 2017 Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday.News Recap: Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  , Robert Half ... - NYSE Journal '
p6
aS'Focusing the Lens On This Dividend Stock: Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Business Review - Mar 17, 2017 Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  currently has a 10 year dividend growth rate of 0.13802. This number is calculated using the geometric average which provides the typical value of dividend growth over the specified period using the product of ...'
p7
aS'Sunoco Logistics Partners LP - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily BBNS - 4 hours ago Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. logo Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  saw a significant decline in short interest in the month of February.Short Interest in Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Declines By 23.8% - Community Financial News'
p8
aS'Implied Volatility Surging for Sunoco Logistics  Stock Options Nasdaq - Mar 16, 2017 Investors in shares of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. SXL need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately.'
p9
aS'Mariner East 2 pipeline work begins after Environmental Hearing Board judge ... Philly.com - Feb 17, 2017 Sunoco Logistics Partners LP said Friday afternoon that it had begun building the contested Mariner East 2 pipeline, after a Pennsylvania Environmental Hearing Board judge earlier in the day rejected a request to block key state permits allowing its&nbsp;...'
p10
a.