(lp0
S'Stock Yards Bancorp Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 17 hours ago Stock Yards Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 1.04% to close at $43.70. On the day, Stock Yards Bancorp Inc. saw 152,332 shares trade hands on 558 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Stock Yards Bancorp Inc. MarketWatch - Apr 18, 2011 Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up of low-cost buy-and-hold index funds.  How to create your own Lazy Portfolio.'
p2
aS'State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold ... Chaffey Breeze - 3 hours ago Stock Yards Bancorp logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System held its stake in Stock Yards Bancorp Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p3
aS'Stock Yards Bancorp Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - Mar 17, 2017 Stock Yards Bancorp Inc logo Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Stock Yards Bancorp Inc  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday.The Stock Yards Bancorp Inc  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to ... - Petro Global News 24Stock Yards Bancorp Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Stock Yards Bancorp Announces Three-for-Two Stock Split Business Wire  - May 2, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of Stock Yards Bank &amp; Trust Company, with offices in the Louisville, Indianapolis and Cincinnati metropolitan markets, today announced that its Board of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Yards Bancorp Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend of $0.19 Per Share Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of Stock Yards Bank &amp; Trust Company, with offices in the Louisville, Indianapolis and Cincinnati metropolitan markets, today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend ...Receive Dividend Stock Picks in Your Inbox - BBNS'
p6
aS'Stock Yards Bancorp Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 28 Equities.com - Feb 28, 2017 Stock Yards Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Feb. 28, as the stock lost 2.1% to close at $44.20. On the day, Stock Yards Bancorp Inc. saw 66,759 shares trade hands on 512 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.  Registers a Net Consolidated EPS Of $1 ... - Equities FocusBrokers Release Average Price Target Of 35.10 On SY Bancorp, Inc.  - UK Market News'
p7
aS"Report: Louisville bank lands in top 10 of best-performing US banks Louisville Business First - Aug 3, 2015 Louisville-based Stock Yards Bancorp Inc. has cracked the top 10 on a list of the nation's best-performing banks. Stock Yards Bancorp , the holding company for Stock Yards Bank &amp; Trust Co."
p8
aS'How Stock Yards Bancorp  Stock Stands Out in a Strong Industry February ... Zacks.com - Feb 9, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.  . This is because this security in the Banks - Southeast space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great ...'
p9
aS"Stock Yards Bancorp Inc  Given $40.50 Average Target Price by Brokerages Chaffey Breeze - Mar 12, 2017 Stock Yards Bancorp logo Shares of Stock Yards Bancorp Inc  have been assigned an average broker rating score of 3.67  from the three brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Stock Returns: People's Utah Bancorp  versus Stock Yards Bancorp ... - CML NewsStock Yards Bancorp, Inc.  EPS Projection At $0.495 - RealistInvestor.com"
p10
a.