(lp0
S'Taylor Devices Inc. MarketWatch - Feb 7, 2011 Taylor Devices Inc. NASDAQ: TAYD. GO. Set Alerts &middot; Find a Broker &middot; Join TD Ameritrade &middot; Market Index &middot; Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders.'
p1
aS"Breaking Down: Taylor Devices Inc  Stock Has Droppped Through ... CML News - 22 hours ago Taylor Devices Inc has a one bull  technical rating because it's trading below the 10 day, 50 day and 200 day simple moving averages while the 10-day moving average is below the 50-day moving average and the 50-day moving average&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Taylor Devices - Not A Bargain, Yet Seeking Alpha - Jan 28, 2014 Seeking Alpha contributor John Leonard recently articulated a compelling case for Taylor Devices . His eloquent and insightful writing encouraged me to initiate my own research on the company. Now I want to report my findings, discuss a&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Exclusive: Taylor Devices CEO Talks Recent Earthquakes, Cold War History Benzinga - Aug 25, 2016 Taylor Devices, Inc.  is a name many investors aren't necessarily familiar with, although this should change based on not only the company's interesting history and value proposition to society, but the fact that shares are up nearly 60 ..."
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Taylor Devices Inc  is Beating Voxeljet AG  CML News - Feb 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Taylor Devices Inc  versus Voxeljet AG  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Gencor Industries Inc  is Beating Taylor Devices ... CML News - Feb 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Gencor Industries Inc  versus Taylor Devices Inc  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Key Technology Inc  is Beating Taylor Devices Inc ... CML News - Feb 28, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Key Technology Inc  versus Taylor Devices Inc  .'
p7
aS'How To Not Chase A Stock Seeking Alpha - Jul 20, 2016 While doing work on my last post, I came across Taylor Devices  on a screen for companies that - similar to ARI Network Services, Inc.  - has been generating cash and reinvesting it at high rates. TAYD is a $61M market&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Taylor Devices Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Extreme Weakness CML News - Feb 5, 2017 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Taylor Devices Inc  . The company has a one bull technical rating which indicates extreme weakness.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: ARC Group Worldwide Inc  versus Taylor Devices Inc ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for ARC Group Worldwide Inc  versus Taylor Devices Inc  .'
p10
a.