(lp0
S'TAUBMAN CENTERS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - 18 hours ago On December 15, 2016, Taubman Centers, Inc.  filed a Current Report on Form 8-K  under Item 5.02 disclosing that the Board of Directors  of the Company appointed Cia Buckley Marakovits (a/k/a Cornelia&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Calls on Taubman Centers to Tighten Up or Explore Sale Wall Street Journal - Oct 18, 2016 A prominent real-estate investor is calling on Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators, to tighten its belt or explore selling itself.Activist Litt Said to Ask Taubman to Consider Sale, WSJ Says - BloombergLand &amp; Buildings Sends Open Letter to Taubman Centers ; Calls for ... - StreetInsider.com"
p2
aS"Activist Investor Targets Mall Operator Taubman Centers Wall Street Journal  - Mar 2, 2017 Activist investor Jonathan Litt's hedge fund on Thursday escalated its battle with the management of mall operator Taubman Centers Inc., putting forth two candidates for election to the board at the firm's annual meeting later this year. Land ...Taubman Centers boosts dividend by 5% - MarketWatch"
p3
aS"Taubman Centers Inc.: Taubman Schedules First Quarter Earnings Release and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 16, 2017 www.taubman.com. For ease of use, references in this press release to 'Taubman Centers,' 'company,' 'Taubman' or an operating platform mean Taubman Centers, Inc. and/or one or more of a number of separate, affiliated entities. Business is actually&nbsp;...Smart Money Selling the Price Strength of Taubman Centers, Inc.  - Highland MirrorAnalysts Set Expectations for Taubman Centers, Inc.'s Q1 2017 Earnings  - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS"Taubman Centers, Inc. Issues Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results and ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 9, 2017 We're pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016, which were in line with our expectations, said Robert S. Taubman, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Taubman Centers. In addition to solid results, this year ...Mystery REIT Shopper: Taubman Centers - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'Taubman Centers  Down 6.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Taubman Centers, Inc. TCO . Shares have lost about 6.5% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Taubman Centers, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold from ... - BNB Daily The Taubman Centers, Inc.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.63 on March 31st - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Taubman Centers, Inc. declares regular quarterly dividend of $0.625 per share ... EPR Retail News  - Feb 28, 2017 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich, 2017-Mar-06 - /EPR Retail News/ - The Board of Directors of Taubman Centers, Inc.  today  declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.625 per share of common stock, an increase of 5 percent.'
p7
aS"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Says Family's Stake in Taubman Centers May Violate ... Wall Street Journal - Dec 13, 2016 Activist investor Jonathan Litt is looking to break the controlling power of the Taubman family in Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators.Activist: The &quot;Achilles Heel&quot; of Taubman family's control over Taubman Centers - Seeking AlphaLand and Buildings Issues Letter on the Achilles Heel of the Taubman Family's ... - Business Wire "
p8
aS"Land And Buildings Letter To Taubman Centers Seeking Alpha - Jan 24, 2017 Since our initial engagement with the Company last year, we have been deeply disappointed with the lack of response you, as independent directors, as well as management, have undertaken to unlock the Company's substantial trapped value."
p9
aS'Taubman Centers management team to present at the Citi 2017 Global Property ... EPR Retail News  - Feb 28, 2017 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich., 2017-Mar-01 - /EPR Retail News/ - Taubman Centers, Inc.  today  announced that Robert S. Taubman, chairman, president and chief executive officer, and Simon J. Leopold, chief financial officer, will&nbsp;...Taubman Centers to Present at the Citi 2017 Global Property CEO Conference - Yahoo Finance'
p10
a.