(lp0
S'Target Corporation : An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale Investorplace.com - 2 hours ago Target is a dividend champion, which has paid dividends since 1965 and raised them every year for 49 years in a row. Target Corporation : An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale The most recent dividend increase was in June 2016, when&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Target: Fading Glory Or Comeback Kid? Seeking Alpha - 18 hours ago Looking at the projections for EPS, TGT can afford to pay the dividends I predict. Target Corporation  has been having more than its share of trouble lately.'
p2
aS'Target Soon To Find A Bid Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Fear is overstated here. Its 10-year financials illustrate that the company is on sound footing with nothing really seriously sticking out.Target Corporation  Stock Will Keep Sinking Without This Change - Investorplace.comEarnings Clues on Target Corporation , General Motors Company (GM ... - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS'Why Target Is Not A Suitable DGI Position Seeking Alpha - Mar 14, 2017 Target is not among the top 10 e-tailers in the US; a really pitiful performance for a company with such a strong physical presence and which has been online in some form or another for the past 17 years.'
p4
aS"Target In The Garden Portfolio Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 As I've written about, most recently in Tending the Dividend Garden - January Update, I like to group my stocks into several categories that I relate to crops from my garden."
p5
aS"Target Corporation: Searching For The One-Foot Bar Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 While I personally don't shop at Target Corporation  all that often, I can't say the same thing for my wife.Target Corporation  Stock Is Even Worse Than Q4 Earnings Suggest - Investorplace.comAnalyst Activity  Morgan Stanley Lowers Its Price Target On Target ... - Market Exclusive"
p6
aS'Target Vs. Wal-Mart - CEO Historical Performance Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Target CEO Brian Cornell has fallen under intense scrutiny for recent declining performance and a criticized future strategic direction.'
p7
aS'Target Is Uninvestable Right Now Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Lo and behold, the timing for that article could not have been worse, as Target released its full 2016 earnings less than a week later.'
p8
aS'Wal-Mart Vs. Target: Which Is The Better Investment? Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Is Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  a better investment than Target Corporation ? Would long WMT/short TGT be a good pairs trade?Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So - Investorplace.com'
p9
aS"Target Puts The Bullseye On Wal-Mart Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 CEO Brian Cornell announced investing into lower prices for Target to better compete with Walmart. Walmart's stock has risen since Q4 earnings and Target's has dropped off. The newly-proposed strategic transformation of Target's business model carries&nbsp;..."
p10
a.