(lp0
S'Tiffany &amp; Co wins battle for social influence in the industry Professional Jeweller - Mar 17, 2017 A new report has revealed that Tiffany &amp; Co has the biggest social reach in the jewellery industry. The Social Influence list, compiled by SEO and digital content experts Inside Online, ranks the e-tailers that are most successful in promoting ...'
p1
aS"Tiffany &amp; Co. Plans to Speed Things Up JCK - 22 hours ago Tiffany &amp; Co. hasn't traditionally allowed analyst questions on its conference calls, but investors must have had a lot built up.Tiffany &amp; Co. Earnings Retreat 3% In Q4 - NasdaqTiffany &amp; Co. stock rises on strong results - FX Daily Report"
p2
aS"All the Cool Kids Were at the 2017 Whitney Biennial x Tiffany &amp; Co. Party Vogue.com - Mar 16, 2017 It's like a school field trip but, um, better, said Tavi Gevinson at last night's celebration for the 2017 Whitney Biennial, which was co-curated by Christopher Y. Lew and Mia Locks and presented by Tiffany &amp; Co. I just like seeing all these people ...How Tiffany &amp; Co. Is Luring Millennials By Partnering With The Whitney ... - ForbesJulianne Moore &amp; Husband Bart Freundlich Couple Up at Tiffany &amp; Co. Event in NYC - Just Jared"
p3
aS'Tiffany &amp; Co. Public Relations Executive Carson Glover Joins Peninsula Hotels WWD - 22 hours ago From my days at the Diamond Information Center at JWT working on behalf of DeBeers, then Harry Winston and most recently Tiffany &amp; Co., I have found this category to be an incredibly rich experience, and one that has prepared me to take on my new role&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Tiffany &amp; Company  Tops Q4 Earnings &amp; Sales Estimates Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Tiffany &amp; Company TIF, the designer and retailer of fine jewelry, came out with fourth-quarter fiscal 2016 results, wherein adjusted earnings of $1.45 per share surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.37 but decreased 0.7% year over year.'
p5
aS'Asia remains the crown jewel for Tiffany during strong 4Q Daily Mail - Mar 17, 2017 NEW YORK  - Profits at Tiffany &amp; Co. slipped 3 percent in the fourth quarter due to flagging U.S. sales, but strong demand in China and Japan pushed the luxury jeweler past Wall Street expectations and its shares rose sharply Friday.Tiffany &amp; Co. shares soar despite sagging domestic sales, Trump Tower security ... - New York Daily News'
p6
aS"BRIEF-Tiffany &amp; Co qtrly non-gaap EPS $1.45 Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Tiffany &amp; Co.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 16, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 Tiffany &amp; Co.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 16, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.45 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 10, 2017.'
p8
aS"Tiffany &amp; Co. making patchy progress as its sales see some global increase WJBD Online - 14 hours ago iStock/Thinkstock - BBC News reports one retail expert calls Tiffany &amp; Co.'s growth patchy after analyzing its reported earnings between November and January of this past year."
p9
aS"A Sneak Peek at the 2017 Whitney Biennial ... In the Windows of Tiffany &amp; Co.? W Magazine - Mar 9, 2017 They finally narrowed that list down to just 63 after meeting with hundreds last year; and now down to just five for a preview of sorts in the windows of Tiffany &amp; Co., the biennial's sponsor, unveiled today at its flagship on Fifth Avenue. As it turns ...See a New Tiffany &amp; Co. Pendant in Collaboration With the Whitney Biennial - New York Magazine"
p10
a.