(lp0
S'Tikit signs global partnership agreement with NetDocuments RealWire  - Jun 22, 2016 London - Wednesday 22 June 2016. Tikit, part of the BT Group and leading provider of technology solutions for law and professional services firms, has today announced a worldwide partnership agreement with NetDocuments, the global native cloud-based&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Award winning law firm Capsticks chooses Tikit's Carpe Diem Next Generation ... Legal Futures - Feb 2, 2016 A part_of Tikit, part of the BT Group and leading provider of technology solutions for law and professional services firms, has been selected by award winning law firm Capsticks to implement Carpe Diem Next Generation  timekeeping for their 200 ..."
p2
aS'eBillingHub integrates with Tikit Carpe Diem to improve billing efficiency and ... Legal Futures - May 19, 2014 eBillingHub, the leader in legal e-billing, today announced it has partnered with Tikit, one of the largest suppliers of technology solutions and services to global legal and accountancy firms.'
p3
aS'Boosting agility and efficiencies through technology and soft skills  a guide ... Legal Week - Jun 1, 2016 Gareth Tipton is group director, ethics and compliance, and COO for legal, governance and compliance, at BT. Tikit is one of the largest suppliers of technology solutions and services to legal and professional services firms, and is part of BT Group.'
p4
aS'Autonomy deals raise questions as HP row escalates The Guardian - Aug 24, 2014 The news comes as a San Francisco court prepares to rule on Monday whether a group of HP shareholders can settle a dispute with the US tech firm over the Autonomy transaction.'
p5
aS"Unlocking the benefits of practice and case management tools Legal Week - Jun 1, 2016 ... business, it is vital to maximise the features it offers when the firm does change and grow. Tikit is one of the world's largest and most established providers of technology solutions and services to legal and professional service firms, and is ..."
p6
aS'Retaining your workforce and clients through technology enablement Legal Week - Jul 8, 2016 Peter Zver was appointed President of Tikit North America in July, 2013 and has been serving the legal market for over two decades.'
p7
aS'Legal professionals get ahead in the cloud Legal Week - Oct 19, 2016 Lloyd Ellison  is director of sales at Tikit. He joined Tikit in February 2013. Mr Ellison has held various management and leadership positions in IT sales and marketing since 2006.'
p8
aS"The i-Team: The client perspective on AI Legal Business  - Nov 4, 2015 Similarly, BT's legal team is in the process of implementing a case-management system, having first showed its interest in the legal tech realm in 2012 when it acquired Tikit Group, one of the largest independent suppliers of technology and services to ..."
p9
aS'Powerball winning numbers and results live: winning ticket for $1.6bn US ... Telegraph.co.uk - Jan 13, 2016 Contact us &middot; Privacy and Cookies &middot; Advertising &middot; Fantasy Football &middot; Tickets &middot; Announcements &middot; Reader Prints &middot; Follow Us &middot; Apps &middot; Epaper &middot; Expat &middot; Promotions &middot; Subscriber &middot; Syndication.'
p10
a.