(lp0
S"Tempur-Pedic Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Debut of Limited-Edition TEMPUR ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 The architect of that vision was Robert &quot;Bobby&quot; Trussell, Tempur-Pedic company founder and first CEO. Now a member of the Board of Directors for Tempur Sealy International, Trussell's way of thinking has been a guiding force every step of the way.Trusted Sealy Mattress Brand Gets Strongest Refresh in 130-Year History - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS'TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 3, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc. is a bedding provider. The Company develops, manufactures, markets and distributes bedding products.Lookout for Price Target? QEP Resources, Inc. , Tempur Sealy ... - StockNewsJournalStock Price of Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  Increases 3.46% - Energy Index'
p2
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Tempur Sealy International, Inc., 37.5% Follow ... Nasdaq - Feb 16, 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p3
aS'Why Tempur Sealy International Inc Shares Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 Mattress Firm parent Steinhoff International Holdings, which bought the retailer a few months ago, said it wanted to make significant changes to its contract with Tempur Sealy, including economic concessions. After the two sides failed to come to an ...Tempur Sealy: Not Down Nearly Enough - Seeking AlphaTempur Sealy scraps contracts with biggest customer Mattress Firm - Reuters'
p4
aS'TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Feb 16, 2017 It operates in two segments: North America, which consists of Tempur and Sealy manufacturing and distribution subsidiaries, joint ventures and licensees located in the United States and Canada, and International, which consists of Tempur and Sealy&nbsp;...Moving Average Crossover Alert: Tempur Sealy International  - Yahoo FinanceAverage Brokerage Rating Of Tempur Sealy International, Inc. , CubeSmart ... - The USA Commerce'
p5
aS"Stearns &amp; Foster Celebrates Record Year for Sales and Previews Plans to Go Big ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 &quot;For a brand that was established in 1846, it's gratifying to see that after 170 years we are still the industry leader in comfort, quality and craftsmanship,&quot; said Scott Thompson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tempur Sealy ..."
p6
aS"Mattress company Tempur-Sealy amends stockholder rights plan MarketWatch - Mar 15, 2017 Mattress company Tempur-Sealy International Inc. TPX, +0.42% said Wednesday that its board has amended its stockholder rights plan to add a provision that would allow it to accept a takeover offer if it were viewed as being in the company's best interests.Tempur Sealy Amends Rights Plan to Add Qualified Offer Exemption Provision - Yahoo FinanceEarnings Clues on Tempur Sealy International, Inc. , Darden Restaurants ... - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS'Tempur Sealy Adopts Stockholder Rights Plan PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2017 LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  today announced that its Board of Directors has approved the adoption of a limited duration stockholder rights plan  and declared a dividend&nbsp;...Tempur Sealy adopts poison pill - Seeking AlphaACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Tempur Sealy International, Inc. (TPX ... - The USA Commerce'
p8
aS'What Makes Tempur Sealy International  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Feb 22, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Tempur Sealy International, Inc. TPX, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the ...Is It Time to go for Aramark , Tempur Sealy International, Inc. ? - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS'Tempur Sealy to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results ... PR Newswire  - Jan 19, 2017 LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tempur Sealy International, Inc.  will release its financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 before the NYSE opening of regular trading on Thursday, February ...'
p10
a.