(lp0
S'Comerica Bank Increases Position in Trustmark Corp  Chaffey Breeze - 3 hours ago Trustmark Corp logo Comerica Bank boosted its stake in shares of Trustmark Corp  by 5.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Trustmark Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.com'
p1
aS"Trustmark Corp , RB Bancorporation Enter $25.6M Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com - Nov 14, 2016 RB Bancorporation's bank subsidiary, Reliance Bank, will merge into Trustmark National Bank simultaneously with the merger of the respective parent companies.Trustmark announces $26 million merger - Memphis Business JournalTrustmark buys Alabama bank, beefs up its presence in state - Birmingham Business Journal"
p2
aS"Trustmark CEO says bank looking for 'the right opportunity' for expansion Memphis Business Journal - Nov 17, 2016 More growth could be on the horizon for Jackson, Mississippi-based Trustmark Corp.  following its recent $25.6 million acquisition."
p3
aS'Trustmark Corp  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Sports Perspectives - Mar 15, 2017 Trustmark Corp logo Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in Trustmark Corp  by 10.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p4
aS'The Trustmark Corp  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in shares of Trustmark Corp  by 10.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Trustmark Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 16 - Equities.comLarge Buying Action and Inflow of Money Witnessed in Trustmark Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p5
aS"Fitch Affirms Trustmark Corp at 'BBB+' Following Midtier Regional Bank Review ... Business Wire  - Jan 28, 2016 CHICAGO----Fitch Ratings has affirmed Trustmark Corp.'s  ratings at 'BBB+/F2'. The Rating Outlook remains Stable."
p6
aS'Trustmark completes acquisition of Mobile-based BancTrust al.com  - Feb 16, 2013 JACKSON, Mississippi -- Trustmark Corp. on Friday said it had completed its acquisition of BancTrust Financial Group Inc., in Mobile, as well as the merger of BankTrust with and into Trustmark National Bank. The merger expands the Jackson, Miss.-based&nbsp;...Trustmark Corporation Completes Merger with BancTrust Financial Group, Inc. - Business Wire '
p7
aS'The United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Maintains Position in Trustmark Corp ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 11, 2017 United Capital Financial Advisers LLC held its stake in Trustmark Corp  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in ... - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS"JP Morgan Cazenove Maintains GBX 680.00 Target On Antofagasta PLC (LON:ANTO ... HuronReport - Mar 16, 2017 Trustmark Corporation is a bank holding company. The company has market cap of $2.18 billion. The Company's principal subsidiary is Trustmark National Bank . It has a 19.93 P/E ratio. Through TNB and its subsidiaries, the Company operates as a ..."
p9
aS"Trustmark Corp.  Releases Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Sports Perspectives - Jan 25, 2017 Trustmark Corp. logo Trustmark Corp.  announced its earnings results on Tuesday. The financial services provider reported $0.43 earnings per share  for the quarter, hitting the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.43.How does Trustmark Corporation  fare as a dividend stock? - Simply Wall St"
p10
a.