(lp0
S"Willis Towers Watson executive to get $21m pay-off Financial Times - Nov 22, 2016 The payment to Dominic Casserley, the deputy chief executive, comes at the end of a year when shares in Willis Towers Watson have sharply underperformed those of its two main rivals. The company said last month that Mr Casserley, who headed insurance&nbsp;...Insurance exec gets a 17m golden goodbye despite firm's disappointing shares ... - This is Money"
p1
aS"Anthony Hilton: Willis Towers Watson is stretching impartiality claims too far Evening Standard - Jun 22, 2016 A gushing press release issued yesterday by the investment consultants Willis Towers Watson said it has launched an equity fund for institutional investors which contains the top unconstrained equity ideas of the world's top stock pickers."
p2
aS"Willis Towers Watson posts 50% fall in profits Insurance Age - Feb 14, 2017 Given the merging of the two parts the company provided pro-forma numbers for 2015. Total revenues were flat at $1.93bn for the fourth quarter of 2016  but up for the full year at ... John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's chief executive ...Willis Towers Watson Updates Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ... - NasdaqJefferies Group Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Willis Towers Watson ... - Sports Perspectives"
p3
aS"Alliance Trust names Willis Towers Watson investment manager Fund Strategy - Jan 16, 2017 Alliance Trust has appointed Willis Towers Watson  as investment manager, following the board's announcement in December that the trust will replace its in-house investment team with a multi-manager approach in a bid to improve performance.Alliance Trust unveils new fund managers in trust shake-up - Telegraph.co.ukAlliance Trust PLC : Update on New Approach to Investment Management - GlobeNewswire "
p4
aS'General Insurance Article - Willis Towers Watson to acquire French aviation ... Actuarial Post - Feb 20, 2017 Gilles Bnplanc, Head of Willis Towers Watson France, said: I am delighted with this transaction, which would strengthen our company Gras Savoye - Willis Towers Watson. The contribution of OAAGC teams, whose expertise is highly acknowledged in the&nbsp;...Discount rate a &quot;pressure cooker waiting to blow&quot; says Willis Towers Watson - Insurance AgeAlliance Trust Defends Willis Towers Watson Appointment - London South East  '
p5
aS'Dominic Casserley to leave Willis Towers Watson Insurance Age - Oct 26, 2016 From January this year, at the newly merged Willis Towers Watson, Casserley was a member of the board, co-led the integration process and was head of one of the global business segments, investment risk and reinsurance, the broking giant stated.Willis Towers Watson president, deputy CEO to leave firm - Insurance BusinessWillis Towers Watson Bolsters Leadership Team to Deliver on Strategic Priorities - GlobeNewswire '
p6
aS'Top insurance brokers: Willis Towers Watson PLC Business Insurance - Jul 17, 2016 The $18 billion deal, which brought together London-based brokerage Willis Group Holdings P.L.C. and New York-based consulting firm Towers Watson &amp; Co., was completed in January, but the combined organization is still going through the process of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Lifestyle Article - Willis Towers Watson announces new leadership roles Actuarial Post - Oct 3, 2016 The internal promotions come as Willis Towers Watson continues to evolve its global manager research structure to encourage the optimal balance of focus and broader holistic perspective within its investment teams and ensure the company remains at the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Lifestyle Article - Willis Towers Watson appoints Colin Forrest Actuarial Post - Oct 13, 2016 Willis Towers Watson has appointed Colin Forrest to lead its Life team in the UK. This follows a number of recent appointments including Matthew Ford, Gary Williams, Steve Hardwick, Heloise Rossouw and Marcus Bowser, as the company continues to&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Willis Towers Watson announces leadership shakeup Insurance Business - Oct 28, 2016 The leadership shakeup comes ten months after the company was formed with the merger of Willis and Towers Watson. Chief executive John Haley said integration plans are on track and the firm continues to improve its ongoing business operations.'
p10
a.