(lp0
S'Twin Disc, Incorporated  By The Numbers: Valuation in Focus Business Review - Mar 17, 2017 The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p1
aS"TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant's ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated designs, manufactures and sells marine and heavy duty off-highway power transmission equipment.The Brokers Offer Predictions for Twin Disc, Incorporated's Q3 2017 Earnings ... - DailyQuintZacks: Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Twin Disc, Incorporated  - Community Financial News"
p2
aS"Twin Disc, Incorporated's  CEO John Batten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 On behalf of the management of Twin Disc, we're extremely pleased that you have taken the time to participate in our call.Twin Disc, Incorporated  Posts Quarterly Earnings Results - Sports Perspectives"
p3
aS'Stocks Favored By Analysts: Twin Disc, Incorporated  Town Sports ... Sherwood Daily - Mar 17, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated  shares have been labeled a top pick by Beta Research as it meets the A+ criteria outlined by the firm.Investor Center: Looking at the Numbers for Twin Disc, Incorporated  - BVNTwin Disc,  Is At $17.93 Formed Wedge; Second Curve Capital Trimmed Its ... - Herald KS'
p4
aS'Price Alert: Twin Disc, Incorporated  Stock Approaches Resistance ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 Price Alert: Twin Disc, Incorporated  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p5
aS'Twin Disc  Looks Good: Stock Adds 5.2% in Session Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated TWIN was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise above 5% on the day. The move came on solid volume with far more shares changing hands than in a normal session.Twin Disc, Incorporated  EPS Projection At $0.29 - RealistInvestor.comBrokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Twin Disc, Incorporated  - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Commercial Vehicle Group Inc  versus Twin Disc ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Commercial Vehicle Group Inc  versus Twin Disc, Incorporated  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Twin Disc, Incorporated  - Fiscal StandardTwin Disc, Incorporated  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p7
aS'Stock Review for Twin Disc, Incorporated  Midway Monitor - 23 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for Twin Disc, Incorporated . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled capital into&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Twin Disc  Looks Good: Stock Adds 5.2% in Session February 27, 2017 Zacks.com - Feb 27, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated  was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise above 5% on the day.'
p9
aS'Twin Disc, Incorporated  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research BNB Daily  - Feb 18, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Saturday.Twin Disc, Incorporated  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.