(lp0
S"AT&amp;T's $85.4 billion deal for Time Warner wins EU thumbs-up Reuters - Mar 15, 2017 AT&amp;T Inc has won approval from the European Commission for its planned $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc, the No.AT&amp;T's US$85.4bil deal for Time Warner wins EU thumbs-up - The Star OnlineAT&amp;T, Time Warner Deal Gets EU Approval, Awaits DOJ Nod - Zacks.com"
p1
aS"Looneyflix? Time Warner streams toons; Harry Potter may follow The Denver Post - Mar 9, 2017 Time Warner Inc. is introducing an online-subscription video service with beloved Warner Bros. cartoon characters like Bugs Bunny and Fred Flintstone.Time Warner launching Boomerang children's streaming service - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Time Warner Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - 16 hours ago This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Time Warner Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p3
aS"AT&amp;T-Time Warner merger likely won't go through FCC approval, chairman says MarketWatch - Feb 28, 2017 The new chairman of the Federal Communications Commission said Monday he didn't expect the agency to have a role in reviewing AT&amp;T Inc.'s T, +0.40% $85 billion takeover of Time Warner Inc. TWX, +0.10%. In an interview at Mobile World Congress in&nbsp;...No AT&amp;T-Time Warner merger review expected: US regulator's chairman - ReutersFCC Chairman Says Doesn't Expect Agency to Review AT&amp;T-Time Warner - Fox Business"
p4
aS'Better Buy: The Walt Disney Company vs. Time Warner Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 As two of the largest media companies in the world, The Walt Disney Company  and Time Warner  compete on a number of fronts, most notably cable broadcasting and motion pictures.'
p5
aS"UBS Calls It: The Time Warner, AT&amp;T Deal Will Happen Benzinga - Mar 6, 2017 Time Warner Inc  and AT&amp;T Inc.  are expected to gain regulatory approval and finalize their merger by the end of the year - but that doesn't necessarily bode well for Time Warner investors.Time Warner shares downgraded at UBS on concern of limited upside from AT&amp;T deal - MarketWatchTime Warner Inc.  Shares Sold by Vulcan Value Partners LLC - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS"Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Buys 17942 Shares of Time Warner Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 23 hours ago Time Warner logo Lebenthal Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Time Warner Inc  by 28.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Time Warner Inc  Stake Cut by Hanson &amp; Doremus Investment Management - Chaffey BreezeEarnings Clues on Time Warner Inc. , Apache Corporation  Analyst's ... - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS"Technicals in Focus for Time Warner Inc.  The USA Commerce - 21 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Time Warner Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS"Time Warner to Sell TV Station Amid AT&amp;T Merger Wall Street Journal  - Feb 23, 2017 Time Warner Inc. agreed to sell its Atlanta television station to Meredith Corp. for $70 million, removing a significant factor that could have prompted the Federal Communications Commission to review Time Warner's $85 billion sale to AT&amp;T Inc. The FCC ...Time Warner to sell TV station as it seeks AT&amp;T merger OK - ReutersTime Warner Eyes Atlanta Station Sale Ahead Of AT&amp;T Deal - Law360 "
p9
aS"Closing the Deal With Time Warner Inc  Is a Must for AT&amp;T Inc.  Investorplace.com - Feb 17, 2017 Is he right, and more importantly, do owners of T stock still want the TWX deal to go through? AT&amp;T has so much else on its plate right now, not the least of which is regulatory uncertainty.AT&amp;T and Time Warner Tell Senators They Won't Hurt Competition - BloombergFranken Unmoved By AT&amp;T, Time Warner Case For Merger - Law360 "
p10
a.