(lp0
S'Better Buy: Under Armour Inc. vs. Skechers USA Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 Until very recently, Under Armour   represented one of the most successful, fastest-growing clothing companies in the world.Crazy Volume Spikes for: Under Armour, Inc.  - HugoPressUnder Armour Inc  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on ... Yahoo Finance - 15 hours ago NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / March 17, 2017 / Pomerantz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed against Under Armour, Inc.  ,  and certain of its officers. The class action, filed in United&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Under Armour Inc  Stock Investors Should Bet on the Bears to Win Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 With March Madness underway in more than one way for Under Armour Inc , it might be tempting to take a long-shot bet on UAA stock.Crucial Factors To Consider Before Trading Under Armour - Seeking AlphaUnder Armour's  Sell Rating Reiterated at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - The Cerbat Gem"
p3
aS"Under Armour Inc. Is Running out of Room to Grow... What's Next? Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 Between 2015 and 2016, Under Armour's gross margin fell from 48.1% to 46.5%. That decline was attributed to its higher dependence on lower-margin footwear, excess inventory from the Sports Authority bankruptcy, and tough currency headwinds.Susquehanna dives into Under Armour's 10-K - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS"Why Under Armour, Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2017 The ground is shifting below Under Armour's   cleat-studded feet. An awesome streak of market-thumping sales and profit growth was interrupted when shareholders in the past year witnessed both a significant downgrade of the&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"The Big Reason Under Armour Inc  Stock Isn't Worth Keeping Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 Momentum stocks are great  until the wheels fall off the bus. For athletic apparel maker Under Armour Inc , the wheels fell off the bus in a dramatic way.Why Under Armour Inc  Stock Is Finally A Good Buy - BNL Finance   Drilling Down Into Under Armour, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS'Under Armour Announces Clay Dean as Chief Innovation Officer PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 BALTIMORE, March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today Under Armour  announced that Clay Dean has joined the Company as Chief Innovation Officer.Market Movers Snapshot  Under Armour Inc , Impax Laboratories Inc ... - Wall Street Times Under Armour, Inc.  announced the joining of chief innovation officer - Benchmark Monitor'
p7
aS'US Sports Wars: Nike Inc  vs. Under Armour Inc  Investorplace.com - Mar 15, 2017 Nike Inc  and Under Armour Inc  are the two largest U.S.-based athletic footwear and apparel companies. Both Nike and Under Armour sponsor some of the most recognizable names in American sports, but one of the companies has struggled&nbsp;...Under Armour Plays Catch Up - Investopedia'
p8
aS"Under Armour Steals Nike's March Madness Contracts Investopedia - Mar 16, 2017 Where else better to understand the athletic shoe industry than at the NCAA college basketball tournament? A recent report by Business Insider sheds light on the evolving makeup of sports gear used by schools participating in the March Madness ..."
p9
aS"Under Armour Insider Selling Via Trading Plan Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Under Armour currently has three class of common stock: Class A, Class B and Class C. Should Mr. Plank's ownership of Class A and Class B fall below 15% of the outstanding shares, then the Class B shares automatically convert into Class A shares."
p10
a.