(lp0
S"Daily Presidential Tracking Poll Rasmussen Reports - Aug 31, 2015 The Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for Tuesday shows that 46% of Likely U.S. Voters approve of President Trump's job performance."
p1
aS'Market Desk: Share Update for United American Healthcare Corp.  Searcy News - Mar 13, 2017 United American Healthcare Corp.  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 12205. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p2
aS'Donald Trump has not faced a challenge like fixing American health care before The Economist - Mar 16, 2017 He did not build a globally significant corporation . Instead he turned himself into a brand. He is a salesman whose greatest product is himself, slapping ...'
p3
aS"Warfare helps explain why American welfare is different The Economist - Mar 16, 2017 THE House Republicans' health-care plan, the American Health Care Act, may, if enacted, leave 24m Americans without coverage, in the judgment of the Congressional Budget Office. But for those determined to shrink the government, that may not be&nbsp;...Republican health care plan creates budget problems for GOP - WHIO14 million Americans could lose insurance under new Republican healthcare plan - The Straits Times"
p4
aS'Medical providers oppose Trump-backed health plan, Democrats take aim Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 The legislation aims to repeal and replace the Obamacare law, which Republicans call a government overreach that has ruined healthcare in the United States. Trump and fellow Republicans in Congress campaigned last year on a promise to dismantle the&nbsp;...Q&amp;A: The facts on the Republican health care bill - USA TODAYThe American Health Care Act Would Be Terrible For Low-Income Americans - Huffington Post'
p5
aS'Congressman McCarthy makes pitch for American Health Care Act Bakersfield Now - Mar 17, 2017 BAKERSFIELD, Calif.  - Congressman Kevin McCarthy, R-Bakersfield, on Thursday pitched the American Health Care Act as a way to lower insurance premiums, help small business and put Medicaid on a path to sustainability.'
p6
aS'The Zacks Stocks in the News Blog Highlights: NVIDIA, Winter Storm Stella ... Yahoo Finance - 18 hours ago Chicago, ILMarch 17, 2017Zacks.com looks back on the hottest stories of the week featured in the Stocks in the News blog, where analysts and writers discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks, the financial markets, and the greater ...'
p7
aS"13 Questions Europeans Have About America's Baffling Healthcare System Bustle - Mar 17, 2017 Sheila, a Canadian senior , once suffered a serious injury while on a trip to the United States, and then had to spend the next couple of years forcing her travel insurance provider to pay their share of ..."
p8
aS'Maine Voices: Med students share concerns about the American Health Care Act Press Herald - Mar 14, 2017 We have grown sensitive to the health needs of our future patients as we witness the challenges of the Mainers who come into our clinics.'
p9
aS"Health Care Is Complex  No, Really Huffington Post - Mar 16, 2017 Of late, Dr. Noseworthy and his team have been trying to put Mayo's 150 years of experience into the service of analyzing and diagnosing America's health care landscape. When asked in late 2013 about the impacts of the controversial Affordable Care Act&nbsp;..."
p10
a.