(lp0
S"United Continental Holdings Inc: The Worst Airline Stock You Can Buy Investorplace.com - Mar 13, 2017 The problem with following Warren Buffett is that you're following him from far, far away. Take his big airline trade. Buffett revealed recently he purchased 24 million shares of United Continental Holdings Inc , the parent of United Airlines ..."
p1
aS"United Continental  Revises 2017 CASM &amp; Capacity Views Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Chicago-based United Continental Holdings, Inc. UAL, the parent company of United Airlines, tweaked its views pertaining to a couple of key metrics at the JPMorgan Aviation, Transportation &amp; Industrials Conference.JPMorgan's Aviation, Transportation, Industrials Conference Concludes ... - Benzinga"
p2
aS'United Continental tips guidance in presentation slides Seeking Alpha - Mar 15, 2017 Slides released early ahead of the management presentation are telling the story. United says it expects domestic capacity to increase 3.5% to 4.5%.'
p3
aS'United Continental Holdings Inc  Stock Is Just Dying to Take Flight Investorplace.com - Feb 24, 2017 There are several possible reasons behind this, including President Donald Trump promising to upgrade the air traffic control system and recent interest in the airlines from Warren Buffett. For those reasons and more, I like United stock, particularly ...United Continental Holdings, Inc. , Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN ... - The USA CommerceChecking the Overall Picture for United Continental Holdings, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS"The Premier Asset Managment LLC lowers its Position in United Continental ... Petro Global News 24 - 11 hours ago Premier Asset Managment LLC reduced its stake in shares of United Continental Holdings Inc.  by 1.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Zacks Investment Research Lowers United Continental Holdings Inc  to Hold - BNB Daily United Continental Holdings, Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournal"
p5
aS'Option Trading: United Continental Holdings Inc  Powerful Short Put ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 We find a very powerful outcome examining short put spreads for United Continental Holdings Inc when we use a clever earnings risk management approach.'
p6
aS'United Continental Holdings Inc Risk Points versus Transportation CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for United Continental Holdings Inc  compared to its own past and the Transportation ETF.'
p7
aS'Evercore ISI Downgrades United Continental Holdings Inc  to Outperform The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 United Continental Holdings Inc  was downgraded by equities research analysts at Evercore ISI to an outperform rating in a note issued to investors on Thursday.Analyst Outlook on Price Target: United Continental Holdings Inc  - Post Registrar2 Stocks Are Hot- United Continental Holdings Inc , Baxter ... - Wall Street Times '
p8
aS"Analyst's Predictions on United Continental Holdings, Inc. , Twenty-First ... StockNewsJournal - 23 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of United Continental Holdings, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 8.68 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;...Does These Stocks Deserve Your Investment Dollars?  United Continental ... - USA Commerce DailyWall Street Analyst's Guidance: United Continental Holdings, Inc.  - StandardOracle"
p9
aS'Altria, Snap-on, United Continental And Japan: Fast Money Picks For March 15 Benzinga - Mar 15, 2017 Karen Finerman wants to buy United Continental Holdings Inc . Brian Kelly is bullish on WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund  because lower crude oil and strong U.S.'
p10
a.