(lp0
S"Form DEFA14A UNITED BANCSHARES INC/OH StreetInsider.com - Mar 13, 2017 United Bancshares, Inc.'s Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on April 26, 2017 at 100 South High St., Columbus Grove, OH, 45830, at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. Proposals to be voted on at the meeting are listed below along with the Board&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Ohio State Bank sold to United Bancshares in $4.3M deal Columbus Business First - Nov 17, 2014 Ohio State Bank, which struggled for years to regain footing following the U.S. financial crisis, has been sold to United Bancshares Inc. Marion-based Rbancshares Inc., the parent of Ohio State Bank, completed its stock-and-debt deal worth $4.3 million ...'
p2
aS"Banks' mergers in West Virginia look solid Parkersburg News - Oct 2, 2016 Michael Fleak, Community President of Huntington Bank, said the Parkersburg area and nearby Ohio geography is a solid banking market for Huntington."
p3
aS'Civista Bancshares Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - Mar 8, 2017 It operates primarily in Ohio. Civista Bancshares, Inc., formerly known as First Citizens Banc Corp, is based in SANDUSKY, United States.  A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on CIVB. Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods raised Civista&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'The Civista Bancshares Inc  Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment ... DailyQuint - Mar 7, 2017 It operates primarily in Ohio. Civista Bancshares, Inc., formerly known as First Citizens Banc Corp, is based in SANDUSKY, United States.  CIVB has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods raised shares of ...'
p5
aS"The Hibbett Sports'  Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Susquehanna ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 15, 2017 Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reissued their neutral rating on shares of Hibbett Sports, Inc.  in a report published on Tuesday.Hibbett Sports'  Neutral Rating Reiterated at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - Chaffey BreezeHibbett Sports, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS'Intellectual property theft costs billions Fort Wayne Journal Gazette - Feb 28, 2017 The theft of trade secrets alone costs the United States between $180 billion and $540 billion annually. The findings echo those of the Office of the ... First Defiance Financial Corp. of Defiance, Ohio, announced Monday it has completed the ...'
p7
aS'Civista Bancshares, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - Mar 6, 2017 It operates primarily in Ohio. Civista Bancshares, Inc., formerly known as First Citizens Banc Corp, is based in SANDUSKY, United States.  A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods raised shares of ...'
p8
aS'Civista Bancshares, Inc.  Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Community Financial News - Feb 17, 2017 It operates primarily in Ohio. Civista Bancshares, Inc., formerly known as First Citizens Banc Corp, is based in SANDUSKY, United States.  A number of other brokerages also recently commented on CIVB. Boenning Scattergood initiated coverage on shares&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Farmers National Banc Corp. Announces Board Changes Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 Mr. Wenger served as a director of Farmers since July 2015 and was a member of the Board of Directors of National Bancshares Corporation prior to its merger with Farmers. Mr. Wenger is currently a member of Farmers' ... Mr. Wenger has been the ..."
p10
a.