(lp0
S'Universal Electronics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - 18 hours ago Universal Electronics Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 2.02% to close at $68.05.Universal Electronics Inc  Position Maintained by Public Sector Pension ... - Community Financial NewsAnalysts Watch Universal Electronics Inc.  And Issue New Targets - NewsDen'
p1
aS'Earnings Take Center Stage; Analysts Weighing in on Universal Electronics Inc ... Aiken Advocate - 16 hours ago Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company.'
p2
aS'Universal Electronics Initiated With Buy Rating At Lake Street Capital Benzinga - Aug 18, 2016 Lake Street initiated coverage on Universal Electronics Inc  with Buy Rating and $87 price target. The analysts believe the company is well-positioned to see sustained top- and bottom-line growth as it benefits from cable and satellite&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Universal Electronics Inc.  ERP5  A Look at Valuation Business Review - 20 hours ago The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies. The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.'
p4
aS'Universal Electronics Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for January 27 Equities.com - Jan 27, 2017 Universal Electronics Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Jan. 27, as the stock lost 3% to close at $59.75. On the day, Universal Electronics Inc. saw 152,792 shares trade hands on 1,478 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a ...'
p5
aS'UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Feb 17, 2017 Universal Electronics Inc.  develops control and sensor technology solutions and manufactures a line of pre-programmed and universal remote control products, audio-video  accessories, and intelligent wireless security and automation components.'
p6
aS'Universal Electronics meets 4Q profit forecasts Yahoo Finance - Feb 16, 2017  _ Universal Electronics Inc.  on Thursday reported fourth-quarter net income of $3.2 million. On a per-share basis, the Santa Ana, California-based company said it had net income of 22 cents.'
p7
aS'Could Universal Electronics Inc  be actually undervalued when we account ... Simply Wall St - Feb 16, 2017 Universal Electronics is available at price to earnings ratio of 34.8x, showing us it is overvalued when compared to the US market average of 25.5x and overvalued based on current earnings compared to the Consumer Products industry average of 22.6x .'
p8
aS'Universal Electronics Signs Warrants Agreement with Comcast Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2016 SANTA ANA, Calif.----Universal Electronics Inc.   today announced it has entered into a warrants agreement with Comcast Corporation as an extension of its partnership in developing advanced technology products with&nbsp;...Comcast signs warrants agreement with X1 voice remote maker Universal Electronics - FierceCableUEI, Comcast Sign Warrants Agreement - Multichannel News'
p9
aS"Universal Electronics' New TV Remote Clicks with WOW! Yahoo Finance - Jan 4, 2017 Universal Electronics Inc.  , the worldwide leader in sensing and control technologies for the smart home, today announced that it has been selected by WOW!CES: Universal Electronics powers AirTV voice remote; touts WOW, Huawei deals - FierceCableBriefs: CES, Universal Electronics, AirTV, Celeno, Airgain - CED"
p10
a.