(lp0
S'Universal Health Services, Inc. to Present at the Barclays Global Healthcare ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa., March 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Health Services, Inc.  announced today that Alan B. Miller, CEO and Chairman of the Board will present at the Barclays Global Healthcare Conference in Miami Beach, FL on Thursday,&nbsp;...Is it Wise to Hold Universal Health  in Your Portfolio? - Zacks.comUniversal Health Services, Inc.  Receives $141.71 Consensus PT from ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Acadia Healthcare, VCA, Universal Health ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. , VCA Inc. , Universal Health Services, Inc.  and Mednax, Inc (NYSE: MD - Free&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Universal Health Services hiring 50, via Malvern job fair next week Philly.com - Mar 2, 2017 The company is looking for people experienced in billing, claims, coding, collections, credit customer service, and related management.Universal Health  Beats on Q4 Earnings, Gives '17 View - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: McKesson Corp, Universal Health Services and Nelnet Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 2/27/17, McKesson Corp , Universal Health Services, Inc. , and Nelnet Inc  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming dividends.'
p4
aS"2 Reasons Universal Health Systems Has A Clear Path To Growth Benzinga - Mar 6, 2017 Piper Jaffray's Sarah E. James believes that given the above peer average volume growth generated by Universal Health Services, Inc. , the company deserves a premium closer to the 5-year average spread of 2.4x. The analyst upgraded the&nbsp;...Rating Change on Universal Health Services, Inc.  - Energy IndexUniversal Health Services, Inc.  Upgraded to Overweight at Piper ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p5
aS'Universal Health Services, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 16, 2017 Universal Health Services logo Shares of Universal Health Services, Inc.  have been assigned an average rating of Hold from the seventeen ratings firms that are covering the company.A Look Ahead For 2 Stocks: Universal Health Services, Inc. , Equinix, Inc ... - Post Analyst'
p6
aS'The Universal Health Services, Inc.  Receives Consensus Recommendation of ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Universal Health Services, Inc.  have been given an average rating of Hold by the seventeen research firms that are covering the company.Universal Health Services, Inc. : Important Trade and Target Levels To Watch - Post AnalystBrokers Release Average Price Target Of 140.80 On Universal Health Services ... - UK Market News'
p7
aS'Albemarle, ClubCorp Holdings, Universal Health Services Times of India - Mar 6, 2017 HIGHLIGHTS * Albemarle Corp : Citigroup cuts to neutral from buy * ClubCorp Holdings Inc : Macquaire cuts to neutral from underperform * Tetra Technologies Inc : Morgan Stanley cuts to equal weight from overweight * Universal Health Services Inc ...'
p8
aS'Earnings Analysis &amp; Update for Universal Health Services, Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - Mar 14, 2017 Analysts and investors are usually very focused on company earnings numbers when they are released. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the profitability of the company. Presently, covering analysts are anticipating Universal Health Services,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'UPCOMING DEADLINE: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Universal ... Business Wire  - Feb 17, 2017 To: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired securities of Universal Health Services, Inc.  between February 26, 2015 and December 7, 2016.'
p10
a.