(lp0
S'Unisys Introduces Digistics by Unisys, a Cargo Management Solution to Help ... PR Newswire  - Mar 14, 2017 BLUE BELL, Pa., March 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  today launched Digistics by Unisys, a holistic and integrated cargo logistics solution that allows carriers to streamline freight management and improve their operational&nbsp;...Unisys Introduces Digistics - Scoop.co.nz'
p1
aS'Unisys Launches Active Insights by Unisys, Providing Healthcare and Life ... PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 BLUE BELL, Pa., March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  today launched Active Insights by Unisys, a comprehensive, integrated medical device management platform providing healthcare and life sciences companies with the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Unisys Appoints Gary Wang and Peter O'Donoghue to Manage Its Cloud and ... PR Newswire  - Dec 23, 2016 Gary Wang has joined Unisys Federal as vice president, cloud and infrastructure services, and will manage the company's portfolio of cloud-related products and services for Unisys' federal government clients. Wang most recently served as chief ..."
p3
aS'Why Shares of Unisys Corporation Soared Motley Fool - Oct 26, 2016 Following the solid quarter, Unisys said it was maintaining its full-year outlook. Furthermore, the company said it will keep working to improve operating profit margin and cash flow generation.'
p4
aS'New Unisys Stealth Software Automates Implementation of Advanced ... PR Newswire  - Dec 6, 2016 BLUE BELL, Pa., Dec. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  announced today the launch of Stealth, a new Unisys Stealth software application that takes the fight to cybercrime by enabling organizations to easily deploy&nbsp;...Unisys launches new technology to stop cybercrime in its tracks - Healthcare IT News'
p5
aS'Amy Rall, Unisys US Federal Leader for Homeland Security, Honored with Federal ... PR Newswire  - Feb 24, 2017 RESTON, Va., Feb. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  announced today that Amy Rall, group vice president, homeland and critical infrastructure at Unisys U.S.'
p6
aS'Unisys Stealth Defeats Hackers at University of Hawaii &quot;Capture the Flag&quot; Event PR Newswire  - Oct 18, 2016 BLUE BELL, Pa., Oct. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation  announced today that participants in a recent ethical hacking event sponsored by the University of Hawaii failed to access a computerized document protected by Unisys Stealth&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Unisys Survey Finds Airports' Investment in Analytics Technology Set to Soar ... PR Newswire  - Dec 7, 2016 BLUE BELL, Pa., Dec. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- New research from Unisys Corporation  reveals that airports expect to fully embrace more advanced analytics solutions in the coming years, with potential applications for use across several key&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Unisys Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Financial Results, Achieves ... PR Newswire  - Jan 26, 2017 Unisys Corporation  today reported fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 results in line with full-year guidance on revenue and non-GAAP operating profit margin, and ahead of full-year guidance for adjusted free cash flow.'
p9
aS"BRIEF-Unisys Corporation names Paul Martin to board of directors Reuters - Feb 9, 2017 LOS ANGELES, March 10 Starbucks Corp on Friday said its business has not been hurt by a social media boycott campaign started in response to the chain's promise to hire 10,000 refugees globally over the next five years."
p10
a.