(lp0
S'Newly Revealed Contracts From FOIA Requests Calls Into Question Ultimate ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 13, 2016 Spruce Point Capital Management is pleased to announce it has released the contents of a unique short idea involving The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. , a $5+ billion human resource software company where we see $110-$146 per share,&nbsp;...Will The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  miss earning estimates again? - The Independent Republic'
p1
aS'The Ultimate Software Group  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 We will begin with comments from Mitchell Dauerman. Mitchell K. Dauerman - The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Thank you, Jessica, and good afternoon and thank you to everyone for your interest in Ultimate Software.Ultimate Software Keeps Climbing Into the Cloud - Motley Fool3 Reasons Ultimate Software Should See A Top-Line Growth Surprise Next Year - Benzinga'
p2
aS'The Ultimate Software Group  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Mitchell K. Dauerman - The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Okay. Thank you, Tom, and good afternoon and thank you, everybody, for your interest in Ultimate Software.'
p3
aS"Ultimate Software: A Company People Love To Hate Seeking Alpha - Jun 7, 2016 But the company is quite unique in being one of the few reasonable profitable names in the SaaS world. And the company offers investors a unique combination of growth, visibility, profitability and a long-term record of consistency that's hard to match."
p4
aS'Spruce Point Issues Strong Sell Investment Opinion On The Ultimate Software ... ValueWalk - Dec 14, 2016 Spruce Point Capital Management is pleased to announce it has released the contents of a unique short idea involving The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. , a $5+ billion dollar human resource software company where we see $110 - $146 per&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Ultimate Software Named #7 Best Company to Work For by Fortune, Marking ... Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 Ultimate Software, a leading provider of human capital management  solutions in the cloud, has been ranked #7 on Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2017.Data SheetThursday, March 9, 2017 - FortuneFortune reveals 100 best companies to work for - CBS News"
p6
aS'Ultimate Software acquires cloud workforce intelligence provider Seeking Alpha - Sep 30, 2016 Ultimate Software  announced that it has acquired San Francisco-based technology company Kanjoya Inc . Kanjoya founder Armen Berjikly and the entire award-winning Kanjoya team is joining Ultimate Software. Kanjoya&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Ultimate Software CEO Could Step Down 'In Near Future' Benzinga - Feb 7, 2017 On Tuesday morning's PreMarket Prep, Ben Axler, founder and CIO of Spruce Point Capital Management, joined Benzinga to explain why he sees The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  as the ultimate short-selling opportunity for traders.Stock Returns: The Ultimate Software Group Inc  versus Verint ... - CML NewsThe Ultimate Software Group  Releases Earnings Results, Misses ... - Highland Mirror"
p8
aS'Ultimate Software Buys Kanjoya, To Launch UltiPro Perception Zacks.com - Oct 3, 2016 The Ultimate Software Group Inc.  is focusing on enhancing the features of its flagship human capital management  solution - UltiPro - through acquisitions.'
p9
aS"Ultimate Software Delivers Another Solid Quarter Motley Fool - Jul 27, 2016 Recurring revenue rose 27% year over year, to a new company-record $158.5 million, representing 85% of total sales. For perspective, Ultimate Software Group's guidance provided last quarter called for slightly higher revenue of $187 million, including&nbsp;..."
p10
a.