(lp0
S'Uni-Select Inc.: BUMPER TO BUMPER announces the acquisition of Impact Auto ... Marketwired  - Feb 28, 2017 BOUCHERVILLE, QUEBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc.   announced today that Uni-Select Canada Stores Inc., one of its subsidiaries, has completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Impact Auto&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Uni-Select Inc.: FinishMaster acquires Autobody Supply Co., adding nine ... Marketwired  - Nov 30, 2016 BOUCHERVILLE, QUEBEC-- - FinishMaster, Inc.,  a subsidiary of Uni-Select Inc.  , announced today it has completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Autobody Supply&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Uni-Select Inc.: FinishMaster Canada announces the acquisition of Vancouver ... Marketwired  - Dec 19, 2016 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc.   is pleased to announce the acquisition of substantially all the assets of Vancouver Autocolor Ltd.'
p3
aS'Uni-Select Inc.: FinishMaster Acquires Annex Group Inc. Marketwired  - Apr 4, 2016 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - FinishMaster, Inc., a leading distributor of paint and related products in the United States and subsidiary of Uni-Select Inc. , a leading distributor of automotive products in Canada,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Now Is the Time to Buy Uni Select Inc. The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 11, 2017 In case you haven't head of Uni Select Inc.  before, you may want to remember the company. This is one stock that should be in your portfolio."
p5
aS'After a 92% 2-Year Return, Is Uni-Select Inc. Overvalued? The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 8, 2017 Uni-Select Inc.  has had a fantastic couple of years. The stock has appreciated 92% in the last two years, and the company has continued to increase its foothold in the automotive aftermarket.'
p6
aS'Uni-Select Announces the Acquisition of TN Discovery Auto Collision Ltd. Marketwired  - Nov 16, 2015 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc. , a leading distributor of automotive products in Canada and parent company of FinishMaster, Inc., a leading distributor of paint and related products in the United States,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Uni-Select Inc. Is the Manufacturing Stock to Own The Motley Fool Canada - Jan 18, 2016 The low-flying loonie has been a curse and a blessing for different businesses. While the oil, gas, and mining sectors of the economy are reeling from the collapse of the dollar and crude prices, manufacturing companies such as Uni-Select Inc. (TSX:UNS ...'
p8
aS'Icahn Enterprises LP Agrees to Acquire Assets of Uni-Select USA, Inc. GlobeNewswire  - Feb 9, 2015 NEW YORK, Feb. 9, 2015  -- Icahn Enterprises L.P.  today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of Uni-Select USA, Inc., a leading automotive parts distributor ...Uni-Select To Sell US Auto Parts Distribution Activities To Icahn For $340 Mln - RTT News'
p9
aS'Uni-Select Announces Appointment of Eric Bussieres as its Chief Financial Officer Marketwired  - Oct 19, 2015 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc. , a leading distributor of automotive products in Canada and paint and related products in the United States, announces the appointment of Eric Bussires as its Chief&nbsp;...'
p10
a.