(lp0
S"Coachella Is Suing Urban Outfitters For Trademark Infringement The FADER - Mar 17, 2017 Coachella Music Festival is suing Urban Outiftters Inc., Women's Wear Daily reported today. According to the report, the festival told a federal court that Free People, one of Urban Outfitters Inc.'s companies, has been selling items using the ...Coachella's Parent Company Sues Urban Outfitters, Inc. - TeenVogue.comCoachella Sues Urban Outfitters For Selling Festival-Branded Merchandise - Forbes"
p1
aS"Urban Outfitters CEO Says the Retail Bubble Has Burst Bloomberg - Mar 8, 2017 Shares of Urban Outfitters Inc. and Express Inc. fell on Wednesday after the apparel chains gave a dour outlook for the industry, renewing concerns about America's overabundance of retail stores.Urban Outfitters Inc. Q4 Earnings Retreat 12% - NasdaqWhy Urban Outfitters, Inc. Stock Is Slipping Today - Motley Fool"
p2
aS"Coachella Is Suing Urban Outfitters, Inc. NYLON - Mar 17, 2017 Festival fashion is about to kick into high gear, but not if Coachella has a say in the matter. WWD reports that the music festival has issued a lawsuit against Urban Outfitters, Inc. for infringing on the brand's trademark in order to sell merchandise ..."
p3
aS'Results were mixed, but show the company is holding up well in a difficult ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 12, 2017 Urban Outfitters  was able to post another quarter of revenue growth, despite the bad state of the retail industry.What Analysts Are Saying About Urban Outfitters After Earnings - Yahoo FinanceTraders Secrets on Yelp Inc. , Urban Outfitters, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS'What Makes Urban Outfitters  a Strong Sell? Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 One such stock that you may want to consider dropping is Urban Outfitters, Inc. URBN, which has witnessed a significant price decline in the past four weeks, and it has seen negative earnings estimate revisions for the current quarter and the current year.'
p5
aS'Urban Outfitters, First Solar, Frontier Communications booted from S&amp;P 500 MarketWatch - Mar 10, 2017 Urban Outfitters Inc. URBN, -1.50% First Solar Inc. FSLR, -3.49% and Frontier Communications Corp. FTR, -1.59% are being booted from the S&amp;P 500 index after S&amp;P Dow Jones raised its market cap guidelines for the index late Friday.'
p6
aS"Urban Outfitters faces another down cycle Philly.com  - Mar 15, 2017 Investors in Urban Outfitters Inc. are used to wild swings. Shares of the South Philadelphia-based retailer have risen into the mid-$30s or higher, then fallen to the low $20s or below, at least four times since 2005, with an all-time high of $47 in ...Hot Stock Update: Urban Outfitters Inc.  - HugoPressAnalyst's Predictions on HD Supply Holdings, Inc. , Urban Outfitters, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Urban Outfitters, Inc., 70.0% Follow-Through ... Nasdaq - Mar 7, 2017 Urban Outfitters, Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session.'
p8
aS"The Technical Case for and Against Urban Outfitters, Inc.  The USA Commerce - Mar 14, 2017 We have gathered the technical data on Urban Outfitters, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p9
aS"Urban Outfitters  Q4 Earnings: Stock to Disappoint? Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Urban Outfitters Inc. URBN is scheduled to release fourth-quarter fiscal 2017 results on Mar 7. In the preceding quarter, this Philadelphia, PA-based company reported earnings miss of 9.1%.Urban Outfitters downgraded to sell at MKM because Anthropologie is 'too edgy ... - MarketWatchUPDATE: MKM Partners Downgrades Urban Outfitters, Inc.  to Sell - StreetInsider.com"
p10
a.