(lp0
S"US Bancorp  Displays Robust Prospects: Time to Buy? Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017 The recent Fed rate hike and the impending implementation of President Donald Trump's measures have led banking stocks to rally.US Bancorp  Shares Bought by Folger Hill Asset Management LP - Chaffey BreezeAnalyst Recommended Stock: US Bancorp  - StandardOracle"
p1
aS"The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: US Bancorp, Verizon, EOG Resources, Sanofi ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including U.S. Bancorp , Verizon , and EOG Resources . These research reports have been&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Buffett Stocks In Focus: US Bancorp Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Bank stocks have been in rally mode since the November elections. This has made Warren Buffett even richer than he was before. Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.'
p3
aS"BRIEF-Jamie Walker to lead US Bancorp subsidiary, Elavon as CEO Reuters - Mar 16, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"CEO Pay Watch: US Bancorp's Richard Davis made $29.4 million last year Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 8, 2017 In his final full year as CEO of Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, Davis had the biggest payday of his career, mainly from the value of previously issued long-term equity awards that he exercised or had vested during the year."
p5
aS"Will new US Bancorp chief's playbook deliver on offense? American Banker - Feb 22, 2017 It's an unseasonably warm January night in Minneapolis as employees of U.S. Bancorp pack into U.S. Bank Stadium, the hometown Vikings' new $1.1 billion playground, for the company's annual all-employee gathering."
p6
aS'Jamie Walker to Lead US Bancorp Subsidiary, Elavon Inc. as CEO Business Wire  - Mar 16, 2017 ATLANTA----Jamie Walker has been named chief executive officer  of Atlanta-based Elavon, Inc., a leading global payments company and wholly owned subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp . Walker is transitioning from his&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Buffett Stocks In Focus: US Bancorp  ValueWalk - Mar 10, 2017 The biggest reason why Warren Buffett owns U.S. Bancorp is likely because of its strong management team and competitive advantages.'
p8
aS'Tyers Asset Management LLC Purchases New Position in US Bancorp  Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago U.S. Bancorp logo Tyers Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of U.S. Bancorp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI Lowers Stake in US Bancorp  - The Cerbat GemUS Bancorp  Shares Sold by Davy Asset Management Ltd - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'40 Under 40: Phillip Trier Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Since starting as an intern in the credit training program in 2000, Trier has worked his way up the ladder as a commercial banking division manager and a market leader.'
p10
a.