(lp0
S"Attorney general: Conspiracy tried to manipulate Video Display Corp. stock Atlanta Business Chronicle - Sep 3, 2014 A long-time member of the board of directors of Atlanta-based Video Display Corp. has resigned after New Hampshire's attorney general uncovered a long-running scheme to try to manipulate the price of the company's stock."
p1
aS"Video Display Corp Successfully Completes Sale of Aydin Displays GlobeNewswire  - Sep 3, 2013 TUCKER, Ga., Sept. 3, 2013  -- Video Display Corporation   today announced the successful completion of the sale of the assets and specified liabilities of the Company's Aydin Displays Inc subsidiary."
p2
aS'Video Display CEO Ordway blasts Obama, socialism Bizjournals.com - Aug 24, 2012 Video Display Corp. Chairman and CEO Ronald Ordway issued a letter to shareholders Friday blasting President Barack Obama, lamenting the state of political and economic affairs in America, announcing his plans to retire in a year or so and revealing ...'
p3
aS'Equity Sheet: Reviewing the Levels for Video Display Corporation  Searcy News - Mar 13, 2017 Video Display Corporation  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 7739. The EV helps show how the market assigns value to a company as a whole.'
p4
aS"VDC Display Systems Announces Ed Boland as US Director of Business Development GlobeNewswire  - Sep 4, 2014 ATLANTA, Sept. 4, 2014  -- Video Display Corporation  is pleased to announce that the Company's VDC Display Systems subsidiary in Cape Canaveral, Florida, leading supplier of customized, integrated solutions for&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"PPG and Universal Display Corporation to Expand Production Capacity of ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 6, 2017 PPG  and Universal Display Corporation  today announced that Universal Display will invest $15 million in PPG's Barberton, Ohio, manufacturing facility to double commercial production capacity for Universal Display's proprietary&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Outdoor LED Display Market To Exceed US$ 19.0 Bn By 2023 LEDs Magazine  - Mar 12, 2017 According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc., Outdoor LED Display Market , By Application (LED Billboards, Perimeter LED Boards, LED Video Walls, LED Mobile Panel ...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Universal Display Corporation  is Beating Belden ... CML News - Feb 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Belden Inc  versus Universal Display Corporation  .'
p8
aS'AcuityAds Announces Intent to Acquire Analytics-led Video Advertising Leader ... Canada NewsWire  - Mar 9, 2017 AcuityAds Announces Intent to Acquire Analytics-led Video Advertising Leader, Visible Measures Corporation and Announces a CDN $7.5 Million Bought-Deal Private Placement Co-led by Paradigm Capital and Haywood Securities ... video, social and display ...'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Universal Display Corporation  is Beating AVX ... CML News - Mar 1, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AVX Corporation  versus Universal Display Corporation  .'
p10
a.