(lp0
S"Vornado Realty Trust : Earnings To Drop In The Year Ahead, Is It A Long ... Simply Wall St - 17 hours ago Analysts covering Vornado Realty Trust  are predicting the earnings to drop -53.5% in years' time. But an investor should be more concerned about the long-term trend.VORNADO REALTY TRUST  Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of ... - Market ExclusivePromising stocks in today's market: Vornado Realty Trust  - The News Journal"
p1
aS'Vornado Realty Trust Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 9, 2017 But making Vornado Realty Trust an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Thursday, shares of VNO entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $103.86 per share.Most Recent Stock Report: Vornado Realty Trust  - Is stories'
p2
aS'Vornado Realty to Spin Off Washington DC Business Wall Street Journal - Oct 31, 2016 Landlord Vornado Realty Trust is cleaving off its giant portfolio of Washington, D.C., office buildings and apartments, spinning them into a new company that would be merged with JBG Cos.Vornado to spin off, merge its DC holdings with JBG - Washington Business JournalVornado Realty Trust  to Spin Off Washington, DC Business; Plans to Merge ... - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS"Vornado Realty Trust's CFO headed to JBG ahead of merger deal Washington Business Journal - Feb 14, 2017 Stephen Theriot, who has been CFO at Vornado  since 2013, will assume the same position for JBG Smith Properties effective Wednesday.Vornado Realty Trust's  CEO Steven Roth on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking AlphaStock to watch: Vornado Realty Trust  - FX Daily Report"
p4
aS"Vornado pays Trump Organization millions each year The Real Deal Magazine - Feb 16, 2017 As it vies for federal work and funds, Vornado Realty Trust pays the Trump Organization tens of millions of dollars each year for its stakes in two of the REIT's office buildings.Trump's Ties To Infrastructure Advisors Roth And LeFrak Run Deep - Investor's Business Daily"
p5
aS"Noteholders snap up Vornado's Skyline for $200 million Washington Business Journal - Dec 21, 2016 Nor from Douglas Development Corp. Nor from MRP Realty. In the end, not a single one of Greater Washington's most active commercial real estate developers turned out Wednesday morning to cast a bid at the foreclosure sale for Vornado Realty Trust's 2.6&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"For sale by auction: Vornado's 2.5 million-square-foot Skyline portfolio Washington Business Journal - Dec 8, 2016 21 after Vornado  defaulted on the terms of its $678 million mortgage. The auction marks the end of a long slog for the New York-based real estate investment trust, which has watched occupancy rates at the park plummet to a little more than ..."
p7
aS"To LEED or not to LEED? Vornado, Forest City riff on environmental standards The Real Deal Magazine - Feb 24, 2017 Daniel Egan, vice president of sustainability and utilities at Vornado Realty Trust, recounted that one of the company's biggest tenants, a law firm, delivered an ultimatum a few years ago: Either secure LEED certification or the company wouldn't renew ..."
p8
aS'BRIEF-Vornado Realty Trust says Stephen Theriot will become CFO of JBG Smith ... Reuters - Feb 13, 2017 BRIEF-Vornado Realty Trust says Stephen Theriot will become CFO of JBG Smith Properties. Feb 13 Vornado Realty Trust. * Says joseph macnow appointed interim cfo. * Says stephen theriot, chief financial officer since 2013, will become chief financial&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Vornado, Aurora secure $90M loan to build 61 Ninth The Real Deal Magazine - Dec 23, 2016 Vornado Realty Trust and Bobby Cayre's Aurora Capital Associates obtained a $90 million construction loan for its 164,000-square-foot Meatpacking District office-and-retail project at 61 Ninth Avenue, which will house the largest Starbucks Coffee store ..."
p10
a.