(lp0
S'Volcano Corp. Is Likely To Be Acquired Soon - Here Is Why Seeking Alpha - Jun 12, 2014 The company we believe is close to being acquired for a nice premium is Volcano Corp. . Volcano Corp. designs, develops, manufactures and commercializes a broad suite of precision guided therapy tools, including intravascular ultrasound&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Will Acquisition By Philips Save Volcano Corp.? Medical Device and Diagnostics Industry - Dec 22, 2014 In late September, a group of Volcano Corp. shareholders castigated the company's management and demanded Volcano bring its financials in-line by reigniting growth, streamlining costs, and bringing the business closer to profitability."
p2
aS"Volcano Corp. Directors Beat Investor Suit Over $1.2B Deal Bloomberg BNA - Jul 6, 2016 July 1 - Volcano Corp. directors won't have to face investor claims that they breached their fiduciary duties in approving the company's $1.2 billion merger with Royal Philips NV, the Delaware Chancery Court ruled June 30 ( In re Volcano Corp ..."
p3
aS'Volcano Corp. Targeted by Activist Investor Engaged Capital Bloomberg - Nov 4, 2013 Engaged Capital LLC, the activist investor founded by Glenn Welling, has amassed a 5.1 percent stake in Volcano Corp., a maker of intravascular ultrasound medical devices.'
p4
aS'Philips To Acquire Volcano Corporation For $1.2 Billion Med Device Online  - Dec 18, 2014 Royal Philips NV recently announced that it has agreed to purchase catheter-based imaging company Volcano Corporation for $1.2 billion in cash, or $18 per share.Philips Buys Volcano for $1 Billion to Boost Medical Imaging - BloombergPhilips expands in medical devices with $1.2 billion Volcano deal - Reuters'
p5
aS'Rancho Cordova company laying off 60 in another round of cuts Sacramento Business Journal - Dec 11, 2015 San Diego-based medical device maker Volcano Corp. has notified the state it will lay off 60 employees in Rancho Cordova on Feb. 2. At its peak, the company had nearly 700 employees at the local plant, which is at 2870 Kilgore Road.'
p6
aS"United States: Delaware Supreme Court Wastes No Words: Summarily Affirms In Re ... Mondaq News Alerts  - Mar 1, 2017 On February 9, 2017, the Supreme Court of Delaware summarily affirmed the Court of Chancery's decision in In re Volcano Corp. Stockholder Litigation which had dismissed plaintiffs' complaint on defendants' 12 motion to dismiss. Plaintiffs, former&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Volcano Corporation : New Analyst Report from Zacks Equity Research ... NASDAQ - Feb 18, 2014 San Diego, CA-based Volcano Corporation  engages in the development, manufacture, and commercialization of a broad suite of precision guided therapy tools including intravascular ultrasound  and fractional flow reserve  products.'
p8
aS"Volcano Corp. to acquire Medtronic's Pioneer Plus technology, move into ... MedCity News - Aug 27, 2013 Volcano Corporation  will acquire Medtronic's Pioneer Plus diagnostic ultrasound transducer and percutaneous catheter in a deal that should close by the end of the week."
p9
aS'Volcano Corporation Announces Agreement To Acquire AtheroMed PR Newswire  - May 27, 2014 SAN DIEGO, May 27, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Volcano Corporation , a leading developer and manufacturer of precision guided therapy tools designed to enhance the diagnosis and treatment of coronary and peripheral vascular disease, said&nbsp;...'
p10
a.