(lp0
S'Verizon: Dividend Sustainable, But Business Shrinking Seeking Alpha - 1 hour ago Verizon Communications Inc.  is a telecommunication services company which has revenues shrinking in recent quarters although its current cash flow are still respectable.'
p1
aS"Better Buy: AT&amp;T Inc. vs. Verizon Communications Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 In AT&amp;T  and Verizon , we have a combined market share of over 65% of America's wireless phone subscribers and two battle-tested dividend payers.Verizon Communications Inc.  Wins RootMetrics Nationwide Tests - Investorplace.comAT&amp;T Vs. Verizon - Which One Is A Better Investment? - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'NYC Sues Verizon Communications Inc.  Over Unfinished FiOS Project Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 NYC has filed a lawsuit against Verizon Communications Inc.  over a project that the company reportedly failed to complete.NYC Charges Verizon With Fios Fraud - Light Reading'
p3
aS"Now Is the Perfect Time to Buy Verizon Communications Inc.  Stock Investorplace.com - Mar 10, 2017 In fact, Wall Street's forward-looking estimates are slowly but surely shrinking with each month. But the decline in Verizon stock spells opportunity. The company has three solid avenues toward growth and, if none of those pan out, another way to ...Verizon Communications Inc.  Closes 0.14% Up on the Day for March 10 - Equities.comFusion Family Wealth LLC Acquires New Stake in Verizon Communications Inc.  - BNB Daily "
p4
aS'Verizon announces tender offers for 30 series of notes of Verizon and certain ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 NEW YORK, March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Verizon Communications Inc.   today announced the commencement of 30 separate offers to purchase for cash  any and all of the outstanding series of notes listed&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'EOD Risers: United Technologies Corporation, UnitedHealth Group Inc, Verizon ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Verizon Communications Inc. with company EPIC:  a holding company through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies, rose&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Verizon Communications Inc.: Verizon and CBS Corporation announce multiyear ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 15, 2017 NEW YORK - Verizon Communications Inc.  and CBS Corporation  have announced a new multiyear content carriage agreement that includes continued retransmission consent of CBS-owned television stations, including&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Welch Investments LLC Takes Position in Verizon Communications Inc.  Chaffey Breeze - 2 hours ago Verizon Communications logo Welch Investments LLC purchased a new stake in Verizon Communications Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .The Strategic Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in Verizon Communications Inc.  - Petro Global News 24Verizon Communications Inc.  Sees The Needle Move on Volume - Normangee Star'
p8
aS'EOD Risers: UnitedHealth Group Inc, Verizon Communications Inc., Visa Inc ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 14, 2017 Shares in Verizon Communications Inc. EPIC code:  a holding company through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies, moved up&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Verizon Communications Inc.  Closes 0.2% Down on the Day for March 16 Equities.com - Mar 16, 2017 Shares of Verizon Communications Inc.  ended the trading day Thursday at $50.04, representing a move of -0.2%, or $0.1 per share, on volume of 10.82 million shares.Drilling Down Into Verizon Communications Inc.  - StockNewsJournalVerizon Communications Inc.  Shares Bought by Coldstream Capital ... - BNB Daily '
p10
a.