(lp0
S'Acquisition Costs and Weak Market Conditions Weigh on Westinghouse Air Brake ... Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 Last year was full of challenges for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec. Not only was the rail industry under pressure due to slowing global trade, but it has taken the company longer than expected to close its acquisition of ...Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaWestinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  Lowered to Hold at Zacks ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  Receives $94.40 Average PT from ... Chaffey Breeze - 4 hours ago Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp logo Shares of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  have been given a consensus rating of Buy by the seven research firms that are currently covering the stock.The Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.  Upgrade by The Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"Sluggish Conditions Continue to Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... Motley Fool - Oct 25, 2016 The sluggish global economy continues to impact Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies' , or Wabtec, financial results.Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Global Economic Headwinds Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.'s ... Motley Fool - Jul 25, 2016 The global economic and currency headwinds that had been plaguing Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, over the past few quarters strengthened in the second quarter."
p4
aS'What to Watch When Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 While Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, faced challenges in some of its key markets last year, the company expects to deliver record results in 2016.'
p5
aS'Shares in Review: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Rives Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.14044. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p6
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date ... Nasdaq - Feb 7, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 08, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.1 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 24, 2017.Stock Returns: PACCAR Inc  versus Westinghouse Air Brake ... - CML News'
p7
aS'The Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  Receives Consensus Rating ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 16, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  has been assigned a consensus recommendation of Buy from the seven ratings firms that are currently covering the stock.Analyst Views And Outlook On Two Stocks: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... - Post AnalystZacks Rank on Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  based on ... - Energy Index'
p8
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Valuation Review ... Business Review - Mar 16, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  has an ERP5 rank of 4337. The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies.'
p9
aS'Successful Earnings Option Trading: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 As we look at Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation we note that a long put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the long put often times lacks the necessary rigor&nbsp;...'
p10
a.