(lp0
S'Western Alliance Bancorporation   Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - 17 hours ago Western Alliance Bancorporation   traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.99% to close at $52.01.'
p1
aS"Western Alliance Bancorp Is One US Bank That's Still a Bargain BloombergQuint - 21 hours ago The nation's biggest lenders -- JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co., Wells Fargo &amp; Co., Bank of America Corp. -- are basically priced to perfection."
p2
aS'Barclays Starts Western Alliance Bancorporation  at Overweight StreetInsider.com - Feb 14, 2017 Barclays initiates coverage on Western Alliance Bancorporation  with a Overweight rating and a price target of $58.00.Analyst Views And Outlook On Two Stocks: Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL ... - Post AnalystWestern Alliance Bancorporation  Is Expected To Post EPS Of $0.9 - RealistInvestor.com'
p3
aS"Western Alliance Bancorporation to Acquire GE Capital's US Hotel Franchise ... Business Wire  - Mar 29, 2016 PHOENIX----Western Alliance Bancorporation  announced today that its wholly owned subsidiary, Western Alliance Bank, has signed a definitive agreement to acquire GE Capital's domestic select-service hotel franchise&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Western Alliance Bancorporation  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy BNB Daily  - Mar 16, 2017 Western Alliance Bancorporation logo Western Alliance Bancorporation  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a note issued to investors on Thursday.Western Alliance Bancorporation  Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey BreezeThe Western Alliance Bancorporation  Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS"Western Alliance Bancorporation's  Management on Q2 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 22, 2016 Good day everyone. Welcome to the earnings call for Western Alliance Bancorporation for the second quarter 2016. Our speaker today is Dale Gibbons, Chief Financial Officer.Western Alliance grows another billion; plans new Gilbert branch - Phoenix Business Journal"
p6
aS'Breaking: Western Alliance Bancorporation  Stock Has Pushed Through ... CML News - 20 hours ago Breaking: Western Alliance Bancorporation  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p7
aS'Western Alliance Bancorporation and Bridge Capital Holdings Complete Merger Business Wire  - Jul 1, 2015 PHOENIX----Western Alliance Bancorporation  today completed its merger with Bridge Capital Holdings .'
p8
aS'Western Alliance #4 on Forbes 2017 &quot;Best Banks in America&quot; List Business Wire  - Jan 19, 2017 PHOENIX----Western Alliance Bancorporation  today announced that the company is ranked #4 on the Forbes 2017 Best Banks in America list.'
p9
aS'Western Alliance Bancorporation  Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment ... Sports Perspectives - Mar 17, 2017 According to Zacks, Western Alliance Bancorporation is the parent company of BankWest of Nevada, Alliance Bank of Arizona, Torrey Pines Bank, Miller/Russell &amp; Associates, and Premier Trust.Western Alliance Bancorporation  has been downgraded to Hold in a ... - Breaking Finance News'
p10
a.