(lp0
S'Cash In on Trash With Waste Connections Inc. The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 6, 2017 Waste Connections Inc.  has been soaring into the atmosphere over the last few years. The company is an integrated solid-waste services company that provides collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling services in the U.S. and&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'87.552 MarketWatch - Sep 10, 2009 Waste Connections Inc. Waste Connections, Inc. is an integrated municipal solid waste services company, which provides solid waste collection, transfer, disposal and recycling services in mostly exclusive and secondary markets in the U.S. and Canada.'
p2
aS"Waste Connections Inc. Makes Money out of Garbage The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 9, 2017 Back in May 2016, Waste Connections Inc.  bought Toronto's Progressive Waste Solutions in an all-stock deal, thus creating the new Waste Connections Inc.; Progressive Waste Solutions shareholders own approximately 30% of the&nbsp;...A look at a High Market Cap Stock: Waste Connections, Inc., WCN - The Daily Leicester"
p3
aS'Is Waste Connections Inc. a Treasure Among the Trash? The Motley Fool Canada - Jan 25, 2017 Waste Connections Inc.  is a fantastic defensive name that has returned a whopping 37.3% over the past year.'
p4
aS'Waste Connections, Inc. And Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd. Announce ... PR Newswire  - Jun 1, 2016 TORONTO, June 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Waste Connections, Inc.   today announced the completion of the merger transaction involving New Waste Connections (formerly Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd.'
p5
aS"Waste Connections to Buy Progressive Waste, Move to Canada Bloomberg - Jan 19, 2016 Waste Connections Inc. agreed to buy Ontario-based Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd. in an all-stock deal that will enable the U.S. garbage-hauling company to move its tax domicile to Canada in the latest so-called inversion deal. The Texas company ...Waste Connections and Progressive Waste Solutions to merge - Recycling TodayTexas-based waste company to buy Ontario's Progressive Waste Solutions - CTV News"
p6
aS'Waste Connections Inc GuruFocus.com - Jun 5, 2016 Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.'
p7
aS"Goldman Initiates Environmental Service Sector At Neutral, Favors Waste ... Benzinga - Nov 1, 2016 U.S. Environmental Services is a defensive group that is primarily linked to business and household formation, Goldman Sachs' Brian Maguire said in a report."
p8
aS"Ron Mittelstaedt Shines a Light on the Waste Connections/Progressive Merger waste360 - Sep 28, 2016 Three weeks into the new year, the industry awoke to big news: The solid waste industry's No. 3 and No. 4 haulers, Waste Connections and Progressive Waste Solutions, had struck a deal to merge to form a company with more than $4 billion in annual&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Waste Connections to Buy Oil Field Waste Company for $1.3 Billion waste360 - Sep 17, 2012 Waste Connections Inc. has agreed to buy oil field waste treatment and disposal company R360 Environmental Solutions Inc. for approximately $1.3 billion in cash. R360 provides non-hazardous oilfield waste treatment, recovery and disposal services for&nbsp;...'
p10
a.