(lp0
S'Western Digital and Seagate: Top Tech Picks in the Offing? Zacks.com - Mar 16, 2017 We see the growth trend in storage, particularly SSD, to be beneficial to companies like Seagate Technology plc  and Western Digital Corporation  , which have based their products in the SSD storage market.'
p1
aS'Will elevate India as stand-alone core region: US data services provider Economic Times - Mar 17, 2017 NEW DELHI: India is the next big market for US-based data storage provider Western Digital Corporation , which will elevate the country as a stand-alone core region within the company and not club it with a sub-region, a top executive has said.'
p2
aS"Analytical Approach on Price Target Estimates: Western Digital Corp  Post Registrar - Mar 17, 2017 Western Digital Corp  soared 0.55% during previous trade, a total of 2.47M shares exchanged hands compared with its average trading volume of 3.39M shares whereas its relative volume is 0.64.The Western Digital Corp   Investment Analysts' Weekly Ratings Changes - Petro Global News 24Western Digital Corporation  added to 136 new portfolios - Post Analyst"
p3
aS"Western Digital Corp  Again Refinancing - Creditors Don't Appear Too ... Smrt Stck Nws - Mar 13, 2017 According to banking contacts, Western Digital Corp  is finalizing another 100-125bp reprice of $3.9B of Sandisk related term loans due April 2023, which by Longbow Research's math, should save Western Digital another $41M of annual&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Skyworks Solutions, Inc., Western Digital Corporation join Semiconductor ... ElectroIQ  - Mar 7, 2017 The Semiconductor Industry Association  today announced the addition of two leading U.S. semiconductor companies, Skyworks Solutions, Inc.  and Western Digital Corporation , as SIA members. Skyworks Executive&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"RBC on Western Digital Corp  Smrt Stck Nws - Mar 15, 2017 Western Digital Corp  stock has been range bound given increased uncertainty around Toshiba's semiconductor asset and its implication to the WDC-Toshiba JV.Toshiba Attracts 10 Potential Bidders for Chips Business - BloombergState backing in the cards for Toshiba memory chip business - Asahi Shimbun"
p6
aS"Unpatched Western Digital Bugs Leave NAS Boxes Open to Attack Threatpost - Mar 7, 2017 Western Digital Corporation network-attached storage owners were warned of critical flaws in the company's My Cloud line of hardware that exposed data stored on the devices to attack."
p7
aS"Rambus , Western Digital Sign Licensing Agreement Zacks.com - Mar 7, 2017 Rambus Inc.  signed a patent licensing agreement with hard disk drive  manufacturer Western Digital Corp.  for an undisclosed sum. Per the terms of the agreement, Western Digital can use Rambus' patented&nbsp;...Rambus Signs License Agreement with Western Digital - Business Wire "
p8
aS'Why Western Digital  Could Shock the Market Soon Yahoo Finance - Feb 23, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is Western Digital Corporation WDC. This Computer- Storage Devices stock has actually seen estimates rise over the past month for the current ...'
p9
aS'Western Digital Corporation : Is The Stock Undervalued? Business Review - Mar 17, 2017 Western Digital Corporation  has an ERP5 rank of 5145. The ERP5 Rank is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies.'
p10
a.