(lp0
S"House Democrat seeks interviews with Wells Fargo executives Reuters - 20 hours ago WASHINGTON The top Democrat on a key House of Representatives committee has demanded a chance to interview executives of Wells Fargo &amp; Co , which has been embroiled in a scandal over fake accounts, because she said Republicans&nbsp;...Wells Fargo CEO got nearly $13 million in compensation in 2016 - MarketWatchWells Fargo CEO: We will 'reassure' our investors  including Warren Buffett - CNBC"
p1
aS"Wells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is in a Gold-Plated Doghouse Investorplace.com - Mar 16, 2017 Investors who expected Wells Fargo &amp; Co.  to be punished for last year's false account scandal have to squint hard to see the damage.Wells Fargo: Ride The Stagecoach - Seeking AlphaAnalysts Weigh in on Wells Fargo &amp; Company : Consensus Notes - Normangee Star"
p2
aS'Wells Fargo Names Cravath Partner as New Top Lawyer Wall Street Journal  - Mar 6, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. named a new top lawyer Monday, ending a monthslong search for a new general counsel who will be tasked with helping the bank recover from its recent sales practices scandal.Wells Fargo names Allen Parker general counsel - ReutersWells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is a Hidden Gem Among Financials - Investorplace.com'
p3
aS"Wells Fargo's Dakota Access Financing Prompts a Shareholder Vote Bloomberg - Mar 15, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. shareholders will vote next month on whether to require the bank to adopt policies to help protect indigenous groups after protesters targeted its role in financing the Dakota Access pipeline.Post-truth reputational risk: the Wells Fargo saga - Global Trade Review "
p4
aS'BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co names Allen Parker general counsel Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co names Allen Parker general counsel. March 6 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. * Wells fargo names Allen Parker general counsel.'
p5
aS'Wanted at Wells Fargo: Three New Deputies to Run Retail Bank Bloomberg - Mar 7, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. community banking head Mary Mack is seeking three new deputies and shaking up regional leadership of the division she inherited after a bogus-account scandal.'
p6
aS'Wells Fargo demotes execs in retail-banking shakeup MarketWatch - Mar 9, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. took further steps this week to restructure its retail-banking business, even as the firm continues digging into the causes of its sales-practices scandal, according to employees and memos reviewed by The Wall Street Journal.Wells Fargo &amp; Co  Stock Is No Longer a Good Bet - Investorplace.com'
p7
aS"Wells Fargo Pulls Bonuses, Claws Back Top Executives' Awards Bloomberg - Mar 1, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. will withhold 2016 cash bonuses from eight senior executives and claw back compensation received in 2014 as the board holds managers accountable for the company's bogus-account scandal.More Wells Fargo customers may be affected by sales scandal: filing - ReutersThe Resiliency Of Wells Fargo - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS"BRIEF-Wells Fargo &amp; Co says company's board has 16 directors after election Reuters - Feb 23, 2017 PARIS, March 18 Security forces shot dead a man who seized a soldier's gun at Paris Orly airport on Saturday and a police officer was shot and injured in a separate incident north of the French capital, the French Interior Ministry said."
p9
aS"Wells Fargo Fires Managers, Denies Bonuses in Account Probe Bloomberg - Feb 21, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. fired the head of its consumer credit-card business and three other senior managers as the bank's board examines how abusive sales practices spread through branches before spiraling into a national scandal last year.Wells Fargo fires four executives amid probe into account scandal - ReutersWells Fargo Fires Four Executives Following Probe of Sales-Practices Scandal - Wall Street Journal "
p10
a.