(lp0
S'Willamette Valley Vineyards: Preferred Stock With A Palatable 5% Yield Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2016 Summary. Willamette Valley Vineyards, Inc. has issued preferred stock with delectable benefits. Preferred shareholder vote on Feb 28th to determine issuance of more shares or another class of preferreds.'
p1
aS'Willamette Valley Vineyards SouthCoastToday.com  - Jul 1, 2016 Of all the wineries I deal with, there is none that more proactive as Willamette Valley Vineyards . I cannot believe the mailings and support I get from them.'
p2
aS'5 ways to discover Willamette Valley wine country OregonLive.com - Nov 1, 2016 Willamette Valley wine country beckons! With more than 500 wineries in the region stretching from Portland to Eugene, there are numerous ways you can chart your discovery of world-class pinot noir and other fine wines.'
p3
aS"Oregon's Willamette Valley: Wine Country Travel Without the Headaches Wall Street Journal - Sep 22, 2016 Looking for a wine-country trip without the overpriced tasting rooms and crowded restaurants? Go west, young tourist. The Willamette Valley, near Portland, is home to more than just America's best Pinot Noirfrom truly great eats to accommodations in ..."
p4
aS"Willamette Valley region wins Wine Star award Statesman Journal - Nov 10, 2016 Wine Enthusiast magazine named the Willamette Valley its Wine Region of the Year as a part of its prestigious Wine Star Awards, according to a press release. Other nominees include Sonoma, Provence, Champagne and Crete. Both the Rhne Valley in&nbsp;...Oregon's Willamette Valley Wins Wine Enthusiast'sPrestigious 2016 Wine Star ... - PR Newswire "
p5
aS"Gerry Frank's picks: Explore Willamette Valley wineries with stays at these ... OregonLive.com - Feb 17, 2017 It comes as no surprise that Wine Enthusiast named our very own Willamette Valley as the 2016 &quot;Wine Region of the Year.UnCruise fills more glasses with updated wine cruise - Seatrade Cruise NewsUnCruise Adventures Adds New Itinerary for Wine Lovers - Travel Agent"
p6
aS"Willamette Valley named 2016 wine region of the year OregonLive.com - Nov 14, 2016 In a twist for Oregon, the magazine's award focuses on the Willamette Valley's history, starting with the first Pinot Noir, Chardonnay and Pinot Gris plantings from Eyrie Vineyards' David Lett, then retelling the tale of Eyrie's South Block Pinot Noir ..."
p7
aS"Crab, chowder, chilled wine at seafood fest Jan. 27-29 Statesman Journal - Jan 18, 2017 Once each year, the Northwest chowder champions at Mo's take over the Willamette Valley Vineyards kitchen for the Mo's Crab &amp; Chowder Festival, an opportunity to taste one of Oregon's most famous soups in the comfort of a tasting room."
p8
aS"Take a Weekend Wine Trip to Oregon's Willamette Valley Architectural Digest - Aug 23, 2016 Just an hour outside Portland, the Willamette Valley is home to 500 wineries spread out over 100 miles of rolling hills and quaint towns between the Cascade Mountains and the Coast Range."
p9
aS'Willamette Valley Vineyards Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Weakness CML News - Jul 25, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for Willamette Valley Vineyards Inc  . The company has a two bull technical rating which indicates some weakness.'
p10
a.