(lp0
S"Exxon Mobil Investors May Have To Wait Longer Seeking Alpha - 22 hours ago Exxon Mobil shares have not fallen further, despite crude oil breaking the $50 support level to the downside. I examine the company's vastly better free cash flow situation than peers, although free cash flow is on track to decline this year unless ...Exxon Mobil Corporation Looking To Sell Over 1000 Gas Stations In Italy - StockNews.com Basic Consolidated EPS Of Exxon Mobil Corporation  At $2.005 - Normangee Star"
p1
aS"Exxon Mobil: Lies, Damned Lies, And Statistics Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Oil prices are down substantially over the last few days. Several headwinds and negative developments have come to the fore. This has caused Exxon Mobil's stock to fall precipitously. Nonetheless, I believe a major buy signal just flashed. In the ...Chevron and Exxon Mobil Begin to Feel the Impact of Saudi Arabian Oil ... - Yahoo FinanceExxon Could Use An Oil Price War - Bloomberg"
p2
aS'Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock Has Become a Bargain Investorplace.com - Mar 14, 2017 Investors who have waited for a good entry point in Exxon Mobil Corporation  now have their chance, given that shares of the Texas-based integrated oil giant has fallen almost 10% year to date, trailing the 7% decline in the Energy Select ...Exxon Mobil Corporation : Big CapX For Big Oil - Simply Wall StExxon Mobil And The Case Of Disappearing FCF - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS"Is Exxon Mobil Likely To Acquire BP? Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Rumors have resurfaced once again that Exxon Mobil  is in talks to acquire BP . That's why BP rallied 2.5% on Friday even though the price of oil maintained its downtrend.BP plc   Stock Pops on Exxon Mobil Corporation  Takeover Rumors - Investorplace.comVenezuela Wins Appeal on $1.4 Billion Payment to Exxon Mobil - Wall Street Journal "
p4
aS"7 Reasons to Buy Exxon Mobil Corporation and Never Sell Motley Fool - Mar 2, 2017 ExxonMobil Corporation  is one of the world's largest integrated energy companies. If you're thinking about investing in the oil and natural gas industry, you should put this diversified global player on your short list.What Does Buying Exxon Mobil Mean? - Seeking AlphaExxon's New CEO Shifts Investments to Quick-Earning Shale Oil - Bloomberg"
p5
aS"Exxon Mobil Is A Buy Right Now Seeking Alpha - Mar 6, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corporation  has made headlines in recent months due to Rex Tillerson, the energy giant's former chairman and CEO who Donald Trump has appointed U.S.Exxon to invest $20 billion on US Gulf Coast refining projects - CNBCPresident Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program - The White House "
p6
aS"Tillerson Used Email Alias as Exxon CEO to Talk Climate Change NBCNews.com - Mar 14, 2017 U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the former chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp, used an alias email address while at the oil company to send and receive information related to climate change and other matters, according to New York&nbsp;...Exxon clarifies Tillerson's email alias - Seeking AlphaTillerson's 'Wayne Tracker' alias could lead to questioning under oath - Dallas News"
p7
aS"BP Rallies on Possibilities of a Takeover by ExxonMobil Zacks.com - Mar 14, 2017 Texas-based ExxonMobil has one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. The company hasn't signed any major deal since the wave of oil-major consolidation in the late 1990s."
p8
aS"EOD Risers: American Express Company, Apple Inc., Exxon Mobil Corporation ... DirectorsTalk Interviews - Mar 17, 2017 The stock price for Exxon Mobil Corporation company symbol:  an energy company, rose 0.09% or 0.07 points throughout yesterday's trading day."
p9
aS"Exxon in giant gas deal. Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Exxon  is buying a quarter stake in a gas field in Mozambique from Eni for $2.8 billion. Exxon ... Exxon owns other exploration licenses for offshore blocks near this project. ... Exxon's partners are Eni and China National Petroleum Corporation.Exxon Mobil Corporation: ExxonMobil to Acquire 25 Percent Interest in ... - The Wall Street TranscriptExxon To Pay $2.8B For Mozambique Gas Block Stake - Law360 "
p10
a.