(lp0
S'XPO LOGISTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of ... Market Exclusive - 17 hours ago In Logistics segment, it provides a range of contract logistics services, including highly engineered and customized solutions, e-commerce fulfillment and reverse logistics, as well as warehousing and distribution solutions, such as factory support ...XPO Logistics, Inc.  Recent Ownership Changes - Post AnalystSell-side Taking Aim at Shares of XPO Logistics, Inc.  - Aiken Advocate'
p1
aS'BRIEF-XPO Logistics Inc entered into a refinancing amendment Reuters - Mar 13, 2017 LONDON, March 17 Once the preserve of rich oil exporters or nations with trade surpluses, like Norway, Kuwait and Singapore, an unlikely new breed of sovereign wealth fund  is emerging - in countries with large deficits and deep debt.'
p2
aS"XPO Logistics Profit and Revenue Exceed Estimates Wall Street Journal  - Feb 21, 2017 XPO Logistics Inc. on Tuesday reported stronger-than-expected profits and revenue, riding a surge in online shopping that drove demand for the company's logistics and specialized delivery businesses.XPO LOGISTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market ExclusiveXPO Logistics Finishes 2016 on a Record Note - Motley Fool"
p3
aS'XPO LOGISTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Mar 7, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc.  intends to refinance all term loans outstanding under its existing term loan credit agreement with new term loans issued under such agreement, subject to certain customary conditions.XPO Logistics Inc  Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. - Sports Perspectives99 hedge funds sold their entire positions in XPO Logistics, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p4
aS'Shares in Review: XPO Logistics, Inc.  Rives Journal - Mar 16, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc.  currently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.182871. Robert Novy-Marx has provided investors with insights on finding high-quality value stocks.'
p5
aS'XPO LOGISTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc. is a transportation and logistics company. The Company provides supply chain solutions. The Company operates in two segments: Transportation and Logistics.Mover within Investors Observation: XPO Logistics, Inc.  - Is storiesStock Price of XPO Logistics, Inc.  Decreases -3.95% - Energy Index'
p6
aS"XPO Logistics Honored by Navistar with Diamond Supplier Award Yahoo Finance - Feb 17, 2017 February 17, 2017 - XPO Logistics, Inc. , a leading global provider of transportation and logistics solutions, has been honored by Navistar International Corp.XPO Logistics Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for February 17 - Equities.comKeyCorp Comments on XPO Logistics, Inc.'s FY2016 Earnings  - BNB Daily "
p7
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Hospitality Properties Trust , XPO ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 16, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 0.93, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average."
p8
aS'Rating Change on XPO Logistics, Inc.  Energy Index - Mar 8, 2017 XPO Logistics, Inc.  has been in the radar of several wallstreet critics. Company shares were Reiterated by Cowen on Feb 23, 2017 to Outperform, Raises Price Target to $ 59 from a previous price target of $54 .Why XPO Logistics, Inc.  In Focus? - Transcript DailyXPO Logistics Inc  Earns Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS"What's Next For XPO Logistics Inc  Stock? BNL Finance    - Feb 26, 2017 Before I discuss that conversation and what it means, I want to note that last mile is by far XPO Logistics Inc  most profitable and fastest growing business.Revenue Update on XPO Logistics Inc - Energy IndexBrokers Ratings on: XPO Logistics, Inc.  - FactsReporter"
p10
a.