(lp0
S'Why Is Yum! Brands  Down 4.6% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Mar 15, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Yum! Brands, Inc. YUM. Shares have lost about 4.6% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Yum! Brands, Inc.  Common Share Dividend Payout Ratio - Energy IndexYum! Brands, Inc.  Lifted to Outperform at Evercore ISI - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS"Yum Brands To Rally Back To $70 Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Yum! Brands, Inc.  came across my radar because the stock's medium term sentiment levels are pretty oversold  plus its momentum indicators are also below the 30 level ."
p2
aS"Evercore ISI plays the long game with Yum Brands Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Evercore ISI lifts Yum Brands  to an Outperform rating after having the restaurant stock set at In-Line. The investment firm isn't looking for a quick pop in share price, calling the Yum bet a &quot;slow and steady wins the race&quot; upgrade.Today Analysts Focus on Yum! Brands, Inc. , Aetna Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p3
aS"Yum Brands Crushes Q4, But Is It Enough? Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 Yum! Brands  has been on fire of late, bucking weak industry trends and producing terrific results. The stock is showing it as well as shares have hit new highs off of what was a really nice Q4 report, its first after spinning off its China ...Yum! Brands' Board of Directors Member Steps Down - QSR magazine  Keith Meister leaves Yum! Brands board - Meat & Poultry "
p4
aS'Yum! Brands, Inc. to Participate in the JP Morgan Gaming, Lodging, Restaurant ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 Brands, Inc.  today announced David Gibbs, President &amp; CFO, Yum! Brands, will participate in the J.P.Yum! Brands, Inc. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalKeybank National Association OH Increases Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Better Buy: Shake Shack Inc. vs. Yum! Brands Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 The restaurant industry has gotten extremely competitive in recent years. Well-established player Yum! Brands , which is the driving force behind KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut, has seen competition from up-and-coming burger specialist Shake&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Yum! Brands Poised to Grow Post China Division Separation Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Yum! Brands has a Zacks Rank #3 . Some better-ranked stocks in this sector include Potbelly Corporation PBPB, Dave &amp; Buster's Entertainment, Inc. PLAY and Darden Restaurants, Inc. DRI. All these stocks carry a Zacks Rank #2 . You can see the&nbsp;...Yum! Brands, Inc.  Recent Ownership Changes - Post AnalystStreet Recommendation Roundup: Apple Inc. , Yum! Brands, Inc ... - Rives Journal"
p7
aS'Smart Money Buying the Price Weakness of Yum! Brands, Inc.  ClickLancashire - 6 hours ago Wells Fargo &amp; Co. reaffirmed a &quot;market weight&quot; rating and issued a $87.00 price objective on shares of Yum Brands in a research note on Sunday, October 2nd. Company shares were Reiterated by Stifel on Feb 10, 2017 to Buy, Raises Price Target to $ 75&nbsp;...Yum! Brands, Inc.  held by 144 SEC 13F Filers - Post AnalystToday Analysts Focus on Yum! Brands, Inc. , Agilent Technologies, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p8
aS'Are Yum! Brands, Inc.  Stock Technicals Favorable? USA Commerce Daily - 23 hours ago With all other things going on, Yum! Brands, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -0.78 percent in just three months.'
p9
aS"Analytical Guide for Yum! Brands, Inc. , PG&amp;E Corporation  Stakeholders The USA Commerce - Mar 10, 2017 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc.  dropped -0.42% to $63.81. During the trading on 03/09/2017, Company's stock ranged from $63.69 to $64.17."
p10
a.