(lp0
S"Is Being an Apple Inc. Supplier a Blessing or a Curse? Motley Fool - 16 hours ago Indeed, for those small companies that win the &quot;Apple lottery,&quot; the dramatically increased revenue not only leads to a significant improvement in the company's financial condition , but it can do so much ..."
p1
aS"Apple Inc.'s Touch ID Troubles Bloomington Pantagraph - 11 hours ago Even if Apple were to solve that problem, there's still the huge issue of convenience, particularly vis-a-vis Apple Pay . Today ...Apple Inc. Doesn't Need an iPhone Supercycle to Survive - Investorplace.comHere's How Apple Inc.  to Solve iPhone Battery Life Problems - Smrt Stck Nws"
p2
aS"Exploring Apple Inc. Supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co.'s Outlook Motley Fool - 16 hours ago Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company , or TSMC for short, is the largest contract chip manufacturer. As such, its financial performance can be a reasonable indication of how things are going for many other chipmakers, particularly those&nbsp;...Why Apple Inc.'s A11 Won't Be Built Using 16-Nano Tech - Madison.com"
p3
aS'Apple Inc gets permit to test self-driving cars in California, opens door to ... Financial Post - 17 hours ago Neil Cybart, an independent analyst who writes about Apple at the site Above Avalon, said the company appeared to have moved away from plans to build and sell cars in the way that Tesla does.Apple Inc. Secures California Permit To Test Apple Car System - ValueWalkApple Inc Gets Permit For Testing Self-Driving Cars - News18'
p4
aS'Is Apple Inc. Trying to Cut Dialog Semiconductor Out? Bloomington Pantagraph - 19 hours ago After the bombshell that Apple  dropped on current graphics technology supplier Imagination Technologies , analysts with Bankhaus Lampe said  that Apple is working on a custom&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Apple: Some Food For Thought Seeking Alpha - 13 hours ago Although I greatly respect Warren Buffett, as one of the greatest investors of all time, investing in technology isn't his bailiwick."
p6
aS"Why Should You Get Your Self-Driving Car From Apple Inc.com - 22 hours ago To answer this question, you must go through the history of Apple's new product categories. Apple Computer did not make the first personal computers, but its computers gained customer loyalty and acceptance, even at higher-than-average price points due ...Apple Eyes Autonomous Car Market, Gets Permit for Test Drive - NasdaqApple joins Tesla in approval to test self-driving cars on California streets - Teslarati"
p7
aS'A Glimpse Into the Automotive Market: Tesla Inc , Apple Inc.  Smarter Analyst - 16 hours ago Guggenheim analyst Rob Cihra is out with a bullish forecast on Tesla Inc  and Apple Inc. , as he sees Silicon Valley is taking Motor City to task, with the ultimate tech disruption of an over $2 trillion automotive market.'
p8
aS"Apple Inc.  Rumor Points to Multi-User Support for iOS 11 Investorplace.com - 17 hours ago One of the biggest advantages Apple Inc.'s  tablet competitors hold over the iPad is the support for multiple user accounts."
p9
aS"Apple Inc's Net Worth to Reach $824 Billion in 2017, Say Analysts News18 - 3 hours ago Benefiting from its expensive 'plus' models and rising demands of its products, Apple Inc will be worth at least $824 billion this year, analysts have predicted.Apple's Tax Repatriation Scenarios And How It Impacts Shareholders - Seeking AlphaApple Inc.  Investors Have Eyes On The House Of Mouse, BlackBerry Ltd ... - Smarter Analyst"
p10
a.