(lp0
S"Why Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. Stock Slipped 19% in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 13, 2017 Shares of Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on treating central nervous system disorders, fell 19.1% last year, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.Cowen's Take On ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Following Presentation At ... - Smarter Analyst2 Biotechs That Could Push Through Trump Headwinds - Schaeffers Research "
p1
aS"Why ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. Is Soaring Today Motley Fool - Dec 20, 2016 Acadia released top-line results from its Phase II -019 Study today. This trial was designed to test its drug Nuplazid  as a hopeful treatment for Alzheimer's disease psychosis."
p2
aS"ACADIA Pharma Looks Like A Take-Out Target Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 But one company in particular has this San Diegan very interested. The company I'm talking about is ACADIA Pharmaceuticals , and in a field of speculative, pre-FDA-approval pharma companies, ACADIA has potential few others possess."
p3
aS"Here's Why Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. Stock Is Up Today Motley Fool - Jan 4, 2017 Shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.  popped just ahead of lunch on Wednesday, and have risen about 12.6% as of 3:31 p.m.Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Flirts With a Pfizer Inc.  Buyout - Investorplace.comAcadia Pharmaceuticals Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for ACAD - Nasdaq"
p4
aS"Caution: Acadia Pharmaceuticals Is Overvalued Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 ... are on the sidelines considering buying in. If you're in the latter camp, take caution: Acadia Pharmaceuticals' dramatic rise is based on controversial phase 2 data, and a lot would have to go right for the company to maintain its current premium ...Acadia Pharmaceuticals: Still Room To Run? Or To Get Acquired? - Seeking AlphaAcadia Pharmaceuticals  Stock: Gaining On Acquisition Rumors - CNA Finance "
p5
aS"How Risky Is Acadia Pharmaceuticals Stock? Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2017 In fact, Acadia's management team acknowledges that the company will continue to lose money for at least the next few years."
p6
aS"5 Can't-Miss Quotes From ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s Q2 Investor Call Motley Fool - Aug 11, 2016 It's an interesting time to be an investor in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals . The company is in the middle of transforming itself from a clinical-stage enterprise into a commercial one, which can be a tricky transition to execute successfully ..."
p7
aS"ACADIA Pharmaceuticals to Present at Needham &amp; Company's 16th Annual ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 29, 2017 ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines that address unmet medical needs in central nervous system disorders, today announced that it will present at&nbsp;...ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc Risk Points versus Health Care - CML NewsRevenue Approximations Analysis: India Globalization Capital, Inc. (IGC ... - StockNewsJournal"
p8
aS"Here's Why ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Jumped 17.7% in November Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2016 Shares of Acadia Pharmaceuticals, a commercial-stage biopharma focused on diseases of the central nervous system, rose by more than 17% in November, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.ACADIA Pharmaceuticals  Options Trader Makes Quick Profit - California Examiner"
p9
aS"Why ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Tumbled 13.3% in August Motley Fool - Sep 11, 2016 The sales pace is unsurprisingly shy of the company's soaring expenses. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals has chosen to launch the drug itself without a large partner, and as a result, hiring and marketing programs caused operating expenses to jump to $72 million&nbsp;..."
p10
a.