(lp0
S'Action Construction share price may appreciate by 30% in nine months The Sunday Guardian - Feb 25, 2017 The company is engaged in the manufacturing of general purpose and special purpose machinery and operating through different segments, including cranes, material handling/construction equipment and agri equipment. Action Construction also offers&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"BRIEF-Action Construction Equipment Dec-qtr profit rises Reuters - Feb 7, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Action Construction Equipment draws up big plans for tractor segment ETAuto.com - Jun 30, 2016 There is capacity of another 3,000 units for other construction equipments and 9,000 tractors. &quot;Overall, we are only at about 30 percent of installed capacities.'
p3
aS'We will touch Rs 1000-cr revenue mark in 1-2 years: Sorab Agarwal, ACE Economic Times - Apr 6, 2017 In a chat with ET Now, Sorab Agarwal, MD, Action Construction Equipment Ltd , says order books, order flows, number of enquiries are all going up.'
p4
aS'Infrastructure Growth: Second Innings BW Businessworld - 22 hours ago According to Sorab Agarwal, Executive Director, Action Construction Equipment , currently most of the ECE industry is witnessing reasonable utilisation of installed capacities which has climbed back to around 60-80 per cent.'
p5
aS"&quot;It's not a Terminator&quot;: Putin's 'robot army' trained to shoot guns but Russia ... Scottish Daily Record - Apr 17, 2017 The video clip above shows the androids in action and senior government officials have already had to issue a denial that they are creating a &quot;Terminator-style&quot; killer robot."
p6
aS'Judge halts construction on Longmeadow Parkway Bridge Corridor Chicago Tribune - 10 hours ago A semi-truck hauled away construction equipment from Longmeadow Parkway Monday after a federal judge issued a temporary restraining order stopping construction on the latest phase of the $115 million project. .'
p7
aS'Lots of Buzz: How a Brooklyn Drone Flying Service Took Off The Bridge - 16 hours ago Movie and TV producers want breathtakingly long tracking shots to follow the action. Construction companies want 3-D renderings of their future building sites.'
p8
aS'Drone No-Fly Areas Updated by FAA Construction Equipment - Apr 10, 2017 Operators who violate the airspace restrictions may be subject to enforcement action, including potential civil penalties and felony criminal charges - even jail time.'
p9
aS"Ministers 'wasted 132m on 62 failed schools' iNews - Apr 16, 2017 The construction costs of a newly-built free school are 29% lower than those built under the previous school building programme."
p10
a.