(lp0
S'Market: The Analysts Issue Forecasts for Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 3, 2017 Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. TheStreet upgraded Atlantic&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  Given $9.00 Average Price Target by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 1 hour ago Atlantic Coast Financial Corp logo Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  has been assigned an average broker rating score of 1.00  from the one analysts that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports.Stock Review &amp; Consensus Look at Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation (NASDAQ ... - Davidson RegisterThe Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  Receiving Positive Media Coverage ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"US Treasury releases Atlantic Coast Financial Corp. from financial constraints Florida Times-Union - Mar 31, 2015 In May 2013, Atlantic Coast tried to solve its financial problems by merging with Miami-based Bond Street Holdings Inc., a bank holding company that has since become FCB Financial Holdings Inc. Atlantic Coast's board approved the merger and urged&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"'Boogeyman' investors don't scare Atlantic Coast Bank Jacksonville Business Journal - Sep 4, 2015 PL Capital Group, the firm that purchased a large amount of stock in Atlantic Coast, is known in the industry as professional agitators, investing in small to midsized banks in order to gain sway in the management and strategy of those banks, or ..."
p4
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation Expands Footprint in Florida, Agrees to ... Business Wire  - Nov 20, 2015 JACKSONVILLE, Fla.----Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation , the holding company for Atlantic Coast Bank , today announced that the Company continues to expand its&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus Southern Missouri Bancorp Inc  .'
p6
aS'Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation Re-Elects Dave Bhasin and John J. Dolan Business Wire  - May 23, 2016 JACKSONVILLE, Fla.----Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  , the holding company for Atlantic Coast Bank , today reported on its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.'
p7
aS"Astoria Financial, Atlantic Coast Latest Merger Targets for Pushy Activists TheStreet.com - Aug 19, 2015 based FNB Corp.  for $474 million, the target's activist investors, PL Capital LLC and Basswood Capital Management LLC, are taking aim at two more banks."
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation  versus Hingham Institution for Savings  .Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  Receiving Positive Media Coverage ... - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS"Atlantic Coast Financial  Trades at $7.63 After Triangle, Last Week ... Key Gazette - 20 hours ago See Advaxis, Inc.  latest ratings: Atlantic Coast Financial Corp  formed triangle with $7.25 target or 5.00% below today's $7.63 share price."
p10
a.