(lp0
S'Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on April 17 ... Equities.com - 12 hours ago Shares of Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.'
p1
aS"Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - 16 hours ago Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Biotechnology.Significant Buzzer of Recent Trading Period: Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s ... - Is storiesAchillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Downgraded by TheStreet to D - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Option Market Alert: Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Risk Alert: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc  risk is elevated.'
p3
aS'Street View: Analyst Updates on Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ? The Herald - 13 hours ago Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable company information. Out of the 11 covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , 7 have shares listed as a ...'
p4
aS'Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Soars 12.66% on March 29 Equities.com - Mar 29, 2017 Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  had a good day on the market for Wednesday March 29 as shares jumped 12.66% to close at $4.27.Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. surged in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free ObserverAchillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS"Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Short Interest &amp; Technical Update Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago According to the latest stock data, investors are looking at Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p6
aS'Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Makes Compelling Case Using Its ... NY Stock News - Mar 30, 2017 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p7
aS'Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on April 13 ... Equities.com - Apr 13, 2017 Shares of Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.'
p8
aS'Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on April 12 ... Equities.com - Apr 12, 2017 Shares of Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.Mirati Therapeutics Gets a Hold from Jefferies - Analyst Ratings'
p9
aS'Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on March 27 ... Equities.com - Mar 27, 2017 Shares of Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open.'
p10
a.