(lp0
S'The AECOM  Rating Lowered to C+ at TheStreet Petro Global News 24 - Feb 6, 2017 Several other research analysts have also issued reports on ACM. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of AECOM from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research note on Thursday, November 17th.'
p1
aS"Amey and Aecom secure millions to develop driverless vehicles Construction News - Apr 12, 2017 An Aecom-led consortium secured more than 4m and Amey 250,000 from Innovate UK and the Centre for Connected &amp; Autonomous Vehicles to develop driverless car technology.US firm Aecom leads driverless pods research in UK - GCRAecom's Olympic Park driverless vehicles pilot gets funding - Building.co.uk"
p2
aS'AECOM lands major role on Stonehenge Expressway Construction Enquirer - Apr 11, 2017 AECOM will work with supply chain partners Mace and Mouchel on the Amesbury to Berwick Down improvements scheme. The team will deliver a range of multidisciplinary services to support all phases of the project to upgrade the eight-mile Amesbury to&nbsp;...Aecom team lands 50m Stonehenge tunnel role - The Construction IndexAecom wins A303 Stonehenge technical partner role - Transport Briefing'
p3
aS'AECOM to set-up East London prefab homes factory Construction Enquirer - Apr 10, 2017 Developer First Base is bringing AECOM on board with its plans to build 3,000 new modular homes at Silvertown in east London.Aecom bags 3000-modular home deal for Silvertown - Construction NewsAECOM to deliver 200m resi scheme at Silvertown - Property Week'
p4
aS'BIZ DEV: Battery Named Global AOR For AECOM MediaPost Communications - 10 hours ago Battery was named global agency of record for AECOM, an infrastructure firm that provides design, engineering, construction and management services to varying clients.'
p5
aS"Why Is AECOM  Down 3.3% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - Apr 6, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for AECOM ACM . Shares have lost about 3.3% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Noticeable Price Move: AECOM's  - Is stories"
p6
aS"AECOM announces new federal construction division Construction Dive - 20 hours ago Construction and engineering giant AECOM has announced the formation of a new business division within its Construction Services unit devoted to federal contracting, according to a company press release.Former Kiewit SVP Vern Kuehn to Lead AECOM's Newly Formed Federal Construction ... - GovConWire"
p7
aS'Aecom wins 3000 modular homes job at Silvertown Building Design - Apr 11, 2017 The developers and Aecom are now in the process of drawing up plans that include a modular construction facility at the site with the capacity to create 500 homes per year from 2018, which is when main building work on the site will start, subject to ...'
p8
aS"LA's Battery Wins Creative Review for Construction Giant AECOM AgencySpy - Mar 28, 2017 Battery, the independent Hollywood agency best known for its video game campaigns, has won a review to handle global advertising for AECOM, an American multinational construction and engineering firm. The global remit follows a formal review, and this&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'AECOM-led consortium secures funding for CAV pilot scheme ITS International - Apr 13, 2017 An AECOM-led consortium has secured more than US$5.2 million  of funding from Innovate UK and the Centre for Connected &amp; Autonomous Vehicles  to deliver a pilot scheme that could pave the way for the use of connected and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.