(lp0
S'Acorn Growth To Buy German Properties Funded By Shares At 17 Pence  London South East   - Apr 7, 2017 LONDON  - Acorn Growth PLC late Friday said it intends to acquire several properties in Germany and said it will settle all of the consideration through the issue of shares priced at 17.0 pence each.'
p1
aS"Why has Acorn Minerals tripled? Interactive Investor - Sep 19, 2014 Wonder why Acorn Minerals'  share price is up 152% on Friday? So did we, which is why we got in touch with the company's financial advisor Shore Capital ."
p2
aS"The UK's best fund finally expands for new investors What Investment - May 10, 2013 It's tiny and, despite phenomenal growth, it's still tiny. The Acorn Income fund is by almost any measure the best in the UK, and yet for too long it's been the preserve of the cognoscenti."
p3
aS"Buying opportunity in Acorn Income, says Winterflood's Elliott FE Trustnet - Oct 3, 2014 The Acorn Income trust is attractively valued on its current discount of 13.5 per cent and its yield of 3.7 per cent, according to Simon Elliott, head of research at Winterflood, who says now is a good entry point for investors as its new managers are ..."
p4
aS'Investors are missing out by overlooking small investment trusts Fund Strategy - Oct 7, 2016 As a result of wealth manager consolidation and the growth of centralised buy lists, many smaller investment trusts are being overlooked by fund buyers.'
p5
aS'Wales Top 300 - search our list of the largest companies in Wales over the ... WalesOnline - Dec 16, 2015 Prof Morgan added: &quot;The biggest influence on regional growth in the medium term comes from the large number of existing firms who have been in production for many years and are focused on increasing their market share.'
p6
aS"Investment Trust Watch: bag a 'Brexit' bargain Citywire.co.uk - Jun 24, 2016 Conversely, the second table of 'dearer' trusts shows trusts which have either moved from a discount to a premium, like Jupiter UK Growth ; or whose discounts have reduced, such as Majedie . It is important to bear in mind with the second&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Investment trust bargain hunter: discounts rise on income trusts yielding up to 6% Money Observer - Nov 3, 2016 Our investment trust bargain hunter series has highlighted various opportunities, including TR European Growth and Acorn Income. But there's a new discount play in town that has opened up, in the UK equity income sector. Discounts have widened in ..."
p8
aS'Lord Rothschild: How to invest in the UK after Brexit What Investment - Feb 28, 2017 We should bear in mind however, that the World Bank and others have recently forecast a slowing of growth in the current year and beyond while the current account deficit remains daunting.'
p9
aS"Last year's best performing investment trusts FE Trustnet - Jan 4, 2016 However, while certain investment vehicles were hit hard by macroeconomic headwinds such as China's slowing growth, falling commodity prices and worries over an interest rise in the US, others positively flourished."
p10
a.