(lp0
S"Why Acorda Therapeutics Inc and Forward Pharma A/S Got Crushed Today Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2017 Separately, Acorda Therapeutics announced that the U.S. District Court invalidated four of its patents covering its multiple sclerosis drug Ampyra.Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  PT Lowered to $35  at Cowen; 'ACOR ... - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS'Acorda Therapeutics Inc  Faces Clear Setback With Unfavorable Ampyra Ruling Smarter Analyst - Apr 3, 2017 On Friday, Acorda Therapeutics Inc  was met with misfortune after a district judge invalidated four patents for its multiple sclerosis drug Ampyra, initially sending shares on an almost 7% dip.Acorda Therapeutics to cut 20 percent of workforce - Reuters'
p2
aS"Acorda Therapeutics' stock plummets toward biggest-ever loss amid ... MarketWatch - Mar 31, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics Inc. ACOR, -1.34% said Friday that four of its patents pertaining to its Parkinson's disease treatment, Ampyra, were invalidated by the U.S."
p3
aS"Acorda Therapeutics Higher Off Favorable Patent Ruling Related To Ampyra Benzinga - Mar 9, 2017 Acorda Therapeutics Inc  shares are trading higher by $1.83  at $30.13 in Thursday's session.Acorda Therapeutics up 7% on patent ruling - Seeking AlphaAcorda Therapeutics Inc.  Plunges 6.63% on March 10 - Equities.com"
p4
aS'Calculating the intrinsic value of Acorda Therapeutics Inc  Simply Wall St - Mar 31, 2017 I am going to run you through how I calculated the intrinsic value of Acorda Therapeutics  by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p5
aS"Friday's Market Insights: Akari Therapeutics PLC  , Acorda ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 31, 2017 Akari Therapeutics PLC   shares skyrocketed over 40% in Friday's trading session, after the company announced that the FDA has designated as a Fast Track development program the investigation of Coversin, Akari's treatment for&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Form 8-K ACORDA THERAPEUTICS INC For: Apr 03 StreetInsider.com - Apr 6, 2017 On April 5, 2017, Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  issued a press release announcing a corporate restructuring to reduce its cost structure and focus its resources on its two late-stage programs, CVT-301 and tozadenant, as well as on ...Acorda  to Reduce Workforce, Focus on Product Pipeline - Zacks.comAcorda Trims 20% Of Workforce, But Looming Cuts Could Be Deeper - Investor's Business Daily"
p7
aS"Why General Motors Company , Acorda Therapeutics Inc  and United ... Investorplace.com - Apr 3, 2017 The bears growled early on Monday, and never stopped growling. Concerned about lackluster auto sales figures for March and more uncertainty about everything that's going on in Washington D.C."
p8
aS'Acorda Therapeutics, Sorl Auto Parts, BofI Stocks Moving Today Schaeffers Research  - Mar 31, 2017 While the Dow is still in the red today, the Nasdaq is outperforming yet again. Among specific equities on the move this afternoon are biotech Acorda Therapeutics Inc , brake system manufacturer Sorl Auto Parts, Inc. , and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  Makes It Very Clear Through These Technicals NY Stock News - Apr 3, 2017 The technicals for Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p10
a.