(lp0
S'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Mar 28, 2017 Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 29, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.27 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2017.Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... - Equities.comAres Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Files An 8-K Regulation FD ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate: Undervalued Real Estate Investment Corporation Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2016 Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation   is a specialty finance company that operates both as a principal lender and a mortgage banker with respect to loans collateralized by multifamily and senior-living properties.'
p2
aS"Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation to Sell Its Mortgage Banking ... Business Wire  - Jun 29, 2016 NEW YORK----Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its wholly owned mortgage banking subsidiary, ACRE Capital Holdings LLC (together with its&nbsp;...Cornerstone Real Estate to Buy Ares Commercial's Lending Unit - Bloomberg"
p3
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year ... Business Wire  - Mar 7, 2017 NEW YORK----Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  , a specialty finance company engaged in originating and investing in commercial real estate assets, reported net income of $8.1 million&nbsp;...Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp  Latest Earnings Release Reports EPS of ... - Times MoneyAres Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Broker Price Targets For ... - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Breaking: Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Stock Through ... CML News - Apr 15, 2017 Breaking: Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp  Will Post ... - BNB Daily Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp  Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Closes the Sale of Its Mortgage ... Business Wire  - Oct 3, 2016 NEW YORK----Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  announced today that it has closed the sale of its mortgage banking subsidiary, ACRE Capital Holdings LLC , to Barings&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Decision Time: Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  Stock ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Decision Time: Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p7
aS"BRIEF-Ares Commercial Real Estate Q4 earnings per share $0.28 Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 WASHINGTON, March 7 President Donald Trump on Tuesday endorsed a plan by Republican U.S. lawmakers to replace the Obamacare healthcare law but influential conservative groups came out strongly against it, complicating the proposal's prospects for&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Ares Commercial Real Estate's  CEO Rob Rosen on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Good afternoon, good morning and welcome to Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation's conference call to discuss the company's third quarter 2016 earnings results."
p9
aS'Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation Closes Acquisition of Alliant Capital LLC EON: Enhanced Online News  - Sep 3, 2013 CHICAGO----Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation  announced today that it has closed its previously announced acquisition of EF&amp;A Funding, L.L.'
p10
a.