(lp0
S'Puppeteers, robotics of Erth Visual &amp; Physical, Inc. take audience on trip ... Kearney Hub - Apr 6, 2017 The puppeteers of Dinosaur Zoo bring to life dinosaurs that walked the Earth 65 million years ago. Host Miles Portek said about the stage event, The best part of the show for me is the audience and the kids we bring up on stage. When we get a kid on ...'
p1
aS"AT&amp;T Inc.  Complements New Enhancement And Enablement Tools With ... Journal Transcript - Apr 12, 2017 Days after AT&amp;T Inc.  Partner Launches Enhancement and Enablement Tools to Help Accelerate Solution Providers' Success, the AT&amp;T Audience Network has also Announced Artist Lineup for Exclusive Audience Music Concerts. This is one of the&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'&quot;Off Camera with Sam Jones&quot; Celebrates the 100th Episode on AT&amp;T AUDIENCE Network Yahoo Finance - 17 hours ago The award-winning director and photographer sits down with Academy Award-winning filmmaker Ron Howard on Monday, April 24 at 8 p.m.'
p3
aS"AT&amp;T AUDIENCE Network Set to Premiere Exclusive Documentary &quot;American Standoff&quot; PR Newswire  - Apr 10, 2017 &quot;Our team did a fantastic job capturing the heart-wrenching story of a ranching family on the wrong side of the law and the group of protesters who tried to come to their aid in 'America Standoff,'&quot; said Christopher Long, head of the AT&amp;T AUDIENCE Network."
p4
aS'AT&amp;T AUDIENCE Network Announces Artist Lineup for Exclusive AUDIENCE Music ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 11, 2017 AT&amp;T Inc.  helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services.'
p5
aS"WWE SmackDown Garners Best Audience Since The Draft, How Did It Compare To RAW? Wrestling Inc. - Apr 12, 2017 This week's WWE SmackDown, featuring the end of the &quot;Superstar Shakeup&quot; event, drew 3.105 million viewers. This is up 7.6% from last week's 2.885 million viewers for the post-WrestleMania 33 episode."
p6
aS"A Keynote Speaker's Formula for a Great Business Conference Inc.com - 10 hours ago At NextCon, incoming attendees received a greeting from XBert, the Disney-style, human-sized Nextiva mascot who roamed the halls-and they could have their selfie taken with him (I did!"
p7
aS"Weetabix an Unsavory Lesson for China Inc. Bloomberg - 3 hours ago It's an admission on Bright Food's part that figuring out how to make a Western food brand appeal to a Chinese audience is tough. Breakfast in Asia's biggest economy isn't all toast and cereal -- hot meals of deep-fried dough sticks, rice noodles and ..."
p8
aS"Snap's Millennial Audience, Ad Potential Drive This Bullish Outlook Benzinga - Mar 27, 2017 Snap's core features, such as disappearing video stories, have been closely matched by Facebook Inc  both inside its Messenger app and on its photo sharing platform Instagram."
p9
aS"Cardinal Cupich tells national TV audience: Church 'stands with' immigrants Chicago Tribune - Mar 20, 2017 Speaking to Chicago Inc. on Monday, the cardinal said it was important for him to speak to worshippers in &quot;their language of prayer."
p10
a.