(lp0
S"SS&amp;C Completes Acquisition of Advent Software PR Newswire  - Jul 8, 2015 WINDSOR, Conn., July 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc.  , a leading global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services, today announced it has completed its acquisition of Advent&nbsp;...SS&amp;C's Advent Software Buy Is a Done Deal - ThinkAdvisor"
p1
aS'Advent Software Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Results Marketwired  - Feb 2, 2015 SAN FRANCISCO, CA-- - Advent Software, Inc. , a leading provider of software and services to the global investment management industry, announced today its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Advent Software: Defensive Business Model With Growth Potential Seeking Alpha - Jan 21, 2015 Advent Software  boasts a relatively defensive and stable business profile, given its high client renewal rates and diversified business model.'
p3
aS'Update: Is Advent Software An Acquisition Target? Seeking Alpha  - Jan 29, 2015 Notwithstanding the authenticity of this news, there are positive synergies between Advent Software and SS&amp;C Technologies, if the deal goes through.Advent Software  Stock Soaring Today on Acquisition Speculation - TheStreet.comSS&amp;C in Talks to Acquire Advent for About $2.3 Billion - Bloomberg'
p4
aS'Advent Software  Stock Rises Today Following $2.7 Billion SS&amp;C ... TheStreet.com - Feb 3, 2015 NEW YORK  -- Advent Software  shares are up 5.57% to $43.69 in trading on Tuesday after the investment management work flows, data software and service provider was purchased by rival SS&amp;C Technologies  for about $2.7&nbsp;...Biz Break: Advent Software acquired by rival for $2.7 billion - San Jose Mercury NewsSS&amp;C to Buy Advent Software for $2.3 Billion - New York Times'
p5
aS'SS&amp;C Announces Leadership Team for Advent Software Business Unit PR Newswire  - Sep 3, 2015 WINDSOR, Conn., Sept. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- SS&amp;C Technologies Holdings, Inc. , a global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services, today announced the leadership team for its recently acquired Advent&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Pete Hess steps down at Advent Software just as Axys gets whodathunkit fix RIABiz - May 25, 2016 Brooke's Note: In 2012, RIABiz named Pete Hess the most influential person in the RIA business. He earned that distinction by pulling off one of the most difficult feats in business - taking a company in the deathly grip of innovator's dilemma and ..."
p7
aS'Peter Hess will take the CEO reins at Advent Software RIABiz - Jan 6, 2012 Advent Software Inc. announced Thursday that its board of directors has appointed current president Peter Hess, 41, to the additional position of chief executive, effective June 30.'
p8
aS'Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Advent Software, Inc.  Fiscal Standard - Mar 28, 2016 Advent Software, Inc.  is a provider of software products and services. The Company offers software products and services for automating and integrating data and work flows across the investment management organization, as well as between the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"How Black Diamond is working out -- or not -- as Advent's agent of deliberate ... RIABiz - Mar 6, 2013 In one respect, Black Diamond Performance Reporting has not lived up to the expectations of executives of Advent Software Inc., which acquired it in 2011. See: See: Advent to buy Black Diamond for $73 million. The Jacksonville, Fla.-based subsidiary is ..."
p10
a.