(lp0
S'Stocks: The American Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Stake ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 7, 2017 A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its position in shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 165.3% in the second quarter. BNP ...'
p1
aS'David Noble, American Equity founder, dies at 85 DesMoinesRegister.com - 6 hours ago David Noble, who founded American Equity Investment Life Holding Company, has died. Noble died peacefully in his sleep Sunday, the West Des Moines-based insurance company announced Monday.American Equity Announces Death Of Founder And Chairman David J. Noble - Insurance News NetAmerican Equity Founder Noble passes away - Business Record'
p2
aS"Public Companies: American Equity Investment Life Holding Co. Business Record - Jan 13, 2017 Company officials say the new rule doesn't work well with the independent distribution model through which American Equity's fixed index annuities are sold. However, it can sell traditional fixed annuities without the index component, which will enable ..."
p3
aS'Why American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2016 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company is one of the largest sellers of indexed annuities. Under the new rules, conflicts of interests between brokers and annuity buyers will have to be disclosed to the customer, which could put a dent in ...DOL Retirement Rules Put Indexed Annuities In Crosshairs - Financial Advisor Magazine '
p4
aS"American Equity Investment Life: A Hammered Stock With Above Average Returns Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2016 As a life insurer, capital requirements are increasingly burdensome. As a proxy, we can look at the amount of tangible equity against its tangible assets. AEL's ratio is less than 6% at Q4'15 while the average public North America life insurers hold ..."
p5
aS'Relative Strength Alert For American Equity Investment Life Holding Nasdaq - Feb 2, 2016 In the case of American Equity Investment Life Holding Co, the RSI reading has hit 29.4 - by comparison, the universe of dividend stocks covered by Dividend Channel currently has an average RSI of 53.9.'
p6
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina On Q4 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss fourth quarter 2016 earnings.American Equity Investment Life Holding Company  Sets New 52-Week High ... - BNB Daily "
p7
aS"Zacks.com featured highlights: ArcelorMittal, American Equity Investment Life ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 Chicago, IL - April 04, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article include ArcelorMittal , American Equity Investment Life Holding Company , Darling Ingredients Inc. , Fiat Chrysler&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'American Equity Investment Life: Small-Cap Story With High Growth Prospects ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2016 We are living in a period of low equity markets returns, where the global economy suffers from anemic growth, deflation and low interest rates.'
p9
aS"American Equity Investment Life Holding's  CEO John Matovina on Q3 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 5, 2016 Good morning, and welcome to American Equity Investment Life Holding Company's conference call to discuss third quarter 2016 earnings."
p10
a.