(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Astoria Financial Corporation  is Beating Northwest ... CML News - Feb 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Astoria Financial Corporation  versus Northwest Bancshares Inc  .'
p1
aS'Astoria Financial Corp  Position Cut by Teachers Retirement System of The ... The Cerbat Gem - 3 hours ago Astoria Financial Corp logo Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky reduced its position in shares of Astoria Financial Corp  by 5.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned ...Astoria Financial Corporation  hit its 1-Year High price on 03/10/17 - TopChronicleAstoria Financial Corporation  Vs. Industry Vs. Sector Growth Analysis - The Newburgh Press'
p2
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Monteverde &amp; Associates PC Announces An Investigation Of ... PR Newswire  - Apr 12, 2017 NEW YORK, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Juan Monteverde, founder and managing partner at Monteverde &amp; Associates PC, a boutique securities class action firm headquartered at the Empire State Building in New York City, is investigating Astoria&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'BRIEF-Sterling Bancorp &amp; Astoria Financial Corp plans to merge Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 BOSTON, April 10 Shareholder activism is rare in Islamic finance, but one wealth manager has staked out new territory as the most outspoken voice among Muslim investors in the United States.'
p4
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc. And Astoria Financial Corporation Announce ... PR Newswire  - Dec 20, 2016 LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Dec. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Astoria Financial Corporation , the holding company for Astoria Bank, and New York Community Bancorp, Inc. , the holding company for New York Community Bank and New&nbsp;...Instant Analysis: New York Community Bank Scraps Merger With Astoria Financial - Motley FoolNew York Community Bancorp, Astoria Financial terminate deal - Newsday'
p5
aS'Astoria Financial agrees to be bought by Sterling Bancorp for $2.2B Newsday - Mar 7, 2017 Astoria Financial Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to be acquired by Montebello, New York-based Sterling Bancorp in an all-stock deal worth $2.2 billion.Astoria Financial sold to Sterling Bancorp - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"Can We Learn Anything From The Technical Chart of Astoria Financial ... NY Stock News - 17 hours ago Astoria Financial Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p7
aS'Today Analysts Focus on Astoria Financial Corporation , Kratos Defense ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Astoria Financial Corporation  have shown a high EPS growth of -2.50% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -21.20% yoy.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Astoria Financial Corporation  versus Radian Group Inc ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Astoria Financial Corporation  versus Radian Group Inc  .'
p9
aS'Basswood Capital is Buying Astoria Financial Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 10, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Astoria Financial Corporation is the unitary savings and loan holding company of Astoria Bank and its subsidiaries.Astoria Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 09 - Equities.com'
p10
a.