(lp0
S'Afri-Can Marine Announces Positive Pre-Feasibility Study on Mining Lease 111 ... Marketwired  - Jan 23, 2014 MONTREAL, QUEBEC-- - Afri-Can Marine Minerals Corporation   has completed a preliminary study of the feasibility of resuming mining during 2014 on Mining Lease  111 situated off the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"African Marine Solutions Group  aquires the business of Smit Amandla Marine Creamer Media's Engineering News - Dec 1, 2016 Dr Iraj Abedian, the CEO of Pan-African Capital Holdings, underscores this point: In identifying the synergy that consortium partners have in terms of a commitment to sound corporate governance principles, transformation, regional growth and value ..."
p2
aS"Today's Market View - Bushveld Minerals Limited, Ironridge Resources Limited ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 28, 2017 Regency Mines report that its 20% owned Carbon Minerals Corp 'CMC' has washed 6,000t of third party coal at the Rosa mine in Alabama, USA."
p3
aS"$700 million African bauxite mine contract awarded to Fluor Mining Global - Feb 9, 2017 Fluor Corporation, one of the world's largest publicly traded engineering, procurement, construction , maintenance, and project management companies, has announced that it has been awarded an engineering and program management consultancy contract ..."
p4
aS"DCD Marine enters voluntary business rescue Creamer Media's Engineering News - Nov 18, 2016 DCD Marine was focused predominantly on the oil and gas market, which has contracted massively owing to low global oil prices."
p5
aS'The future of agriculture The Economist - Jun 9, 2016 High-density soil sampling, carried out every few years to track properties such as mineral content and porosity, can predict the fertility of different parts of a field.'
p6
aS"Full Steam Ahead For Grade 11 Maritime Economics Learners! Creamer Media's Engineering News - Mar 3, 2017 ... at five schools in the greater Durban area when a brand new Grade 11 Maritime Economics textbook was distributed to learners by author Balungile Masuku, together with representatives from African Marine Solutions Group , the project sponsor."
p7
aS'US Sends Marines to South Sudan Capital to Protect Citizens Military.com - Jul 13, 2016 The EARF is one of two US military quick response forces for Africa established after the Benghazi consulate attack. The response force of 500 Marines based in Spain can respond to crises in North and West Africa, the smaller 100 man EARF is based in&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'The Political Economy of Rent-seeking and State Capture Namibian - Oct 31, 2016 One such perspective is that of robust compliance with formal legal instruments, notably the regulatory framework of the International Seabed Authority  to regulate the mining of marine minerals beyond national jurisdiction. The ISA is an ...'
p9
aS"Design for the South African Navy's new survey ship confirmed Creamer Media's Engineering News - Feb 24, 2017 Norwegian ship design and shipbuilding company Vard Marine, a subsidiary of Italy's Fincantiere group , has confirmed that its VARD 9 105 hydrographic/oceanographic ship design is the one offered to the&nbsp;..."
p10
a.