(lp0
S"Stocks: The Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.  Expected to Earn Q1 2017 ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 10, 2017 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen  last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $0.59 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.53 by $0.06."
p1
aS"'Just getting started': Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc acquisition may not be ... Financial Post - Feb 21, 2017 ... equity firm controls Restaurant Brands International Inc. - the Oakville, Ontario-based parent to the coffee and hamburger chains - which on Tuesday added fried chicken to the mix with a US$1.8 billion cash deal to buy Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.Why Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. Stock Popped Today - Motley FoolRestaurant Brands International Inc. Agrees to Acquire Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen - PR Newswire "
p2
aS'Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Reports Thursday AM: Rangebound For 12 Months ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 8, 2016 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc.  is scheduled to report its 16Q3 results Wednesday, November 9 after the market closes with a conference call the next morning at 9AM EST.'
p3
aS'Why Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Stock Popped 12.2% in November Motley Fool - Dec 8, 2016 Shares of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen  climbed 12.2% in the month of November, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the chicken-centric quick-service restaurant chain announced strong third-quarter 2016&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen guest alleges injuries after fall Florida Record - Apr 13, 2017 LLC and Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. responsible because the defendant allegedly failed to warn plaintiff of any dangerous conditions which it knew of or should have known existed.Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen  Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.50 - The Cerbat GemMarket: The Formula Growth Ltd. Continues to Hold Stake in Popeyes Louisiana ... - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS'Burger King and Tim Hortons parent Restaurant Brands International Inc is ... Financial Post - Feb 13, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Inc , owner of the Burger King and Tim Hortons fast-food chains, has approached Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc about a possible acquisition, people familiar with the matter said on Monday. Shares of Atlanta-based Popeyes&nbsp;...Exclusive: Burger King and Tim Hortons owner in bid to buy Popeyes - sources - Reuters'
p6
aS'BRIEF-Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen says CEO Bachelder to step down Reuters - Mar 2, 2017 March 2 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc: * Cheryl Bachelder to step down as CEO of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Upon closing of transaction with restaurant brands international inc. * Says CEO Cheryl Bachelder resigned Source text for Eikon: Further&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Restaurant Brands International Inc. Makes a Genius Acquisition in Popeyes ... The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 23, 2017 Restaurant Brands International Inc.  soared 7.05% on Tuesday following news that the company will be acquiring fried chicken fast-food chain Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc.  for US$1.7 billion in cash. I believe the&nbsp;...Popeyes deal may be small, but it can still be meaningful for Restaurant Brands - Financial PostRestaurant Brands International Was Right About Popeyes - Seeking Alpha'
p8
aS'Form SC 14D9/A POPEYES LOUISIANA KITCHE Filed by: POPEYES LOUISIANA KITCHEN, INC. StreetInsider.com - Mar 27, 2017 4  amends and supplements the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., a Minnesota corporation , filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  on&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen's  Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Sports Perspectives - 6 hours ago Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their hold rating on shares of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc  in a research note published on Thursday."
p10
a.