(lp0
S'Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Collapses On Treasury Ruling, Analysts React ValueWalk - Apr 5, 2016 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  collapsed on the Treasury ruling as we reported late Monday. Shares of Allergan are down about 19 percent in pre-market trading as investors question whether the Pfizer deal will go through.'
p1
aS"Stocks Roundup Xilinx, Inc. , Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Alive For Football - Apr 16, 2017 WI now owns 76,590 shares of the programmable devices maker's stock valued at $4,162,000 after buying an additional 800 shares in the last quarter. Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new stake in shares of Xilinx during the fourth quarter valued at&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Allergan Is Buying ZELTIQ Aesthetics For $2.5 Billion StockNews.com  - Feb 13, 2017 Pharma giant Allergan plc  is adding another line of cosmetic treatments to its portfolio, today announcing that it will acquire body contouring specialist ZELTIQ Aesthetics for nearly $2.5 billion in cash.Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  To Buy Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc (NASDAQ ... - Stock Market Daily'
p3
aS"Allergan plc Ordinary Shares'  Initiative Creating Awareness to ... Market Exclusive - Apr 12, 2017 However, Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  wants to make this a thing of the past with its interactive campaign; Frames of Mind."
p4
aS"Is Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Snapping Out of It? Investorplace.com - Dec 29, 2016 Allergan's long-term downtrend might be a thing of the past. AGN stock is making a serious run at a reversal. Dec 29, 2016, 2:52 pm EDT | By Matt McCall, Editor, FUTR Stocks and ETF Bulletin.Analyst Views on Price Target: Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  - Post Registrar"
p5
aS'Analysts Alert on Price Target: Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Post Registrar - Mar 22, 2017 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  plunged -1.01% during previous trade, a total of 3.84M shares exchanged hands compared with its average trading volume of 3.49M shares whereas its relative volume is 1.06.Share Price Allergan plc.  Compared to Index - Energy Index'
p6
aS"Why Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc , Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (AGN ... Investorplace.com - Nov 2, 2016 Following through on Tuesday's selling, the bears forced the market to a lower close for a fifth straight day. Spurred by a disappointing ADP payroll growth figure for October and ongoing uncertainty as to when the next rate hike from the Federal ..."
p7
aS"Two Speculative NASH Allocations Post Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE:AGN ... Market Exclusive - Sep 23, 2016 Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  just announced its buyout of junior biotech , and market response has been huge. The former is paying six times valuation multiple for the latter, and could end up paying a lot more if Tobira's lead assets make ...Will Allergan plc  M&amp;A Spree be Helpful in Future Growth? - Smrt Stck Nws"
p8
aS"Allergan plc Ordinary Shares  Valuation Still Very Attractive Smrt Stck Nws - Feb 6, 2017 Heading into Allergan plc Ordinary Shares'  4Q on 2/8/17, when the co will provide its detailed 2017 outlook, Bank of America Merrill Lynch believes AGN's current valuation continues to present an attractive opportunity for a relatively high ...Stock Earnings Estimates under Consideration: Allergan plc Ordinary Shares ... - Post RegistrarAllergan plc Ordinary Shares  Releases Earnings Results, Beats ... - Highland Mirror"
p9
aS"Allergan plc Ordinary Shares: What Is AGN Getting for Its Billion Dollars? Investorplace.com - Sep 20, 2016 It's one of those one-in-a-million biotech buyout stories  the young, unknown company few have even heard of ends up being a diamond in the rough to a giant in the industry.Galectin Therapeutics Inc  Is A Better NASH Player Than Allergan plc ... - TCCAllergan's Tobira Acquisition Represents The Highest Premium Ever Paid In ... - Benzinga"
p10
a.