(lp0
S'0.05 MarketWatch - Dec 21, 2009 Alta Natural Herbs &amp; Supplements Ltd. Is a nutraceutical manufacturers. It engages in the manufacture and distribution of dietary supplements and nutraceuticals, including herbal, botanical and marine based for natural health care products industry.'
p1
aS'An Italy unseen: Gourmet food, glorious skiing and ghosts of war in idyllic ... Daily Mail - Mar 23, 2014 San Cassiano is a tiny hamlet in the Italian Dolomites that has been untouched by the world for almost a thousand years. It has its own history, its own language and its own memories.'
p2
aS"Thousands of New York City diners exposed to Hepatitis A after eating at ... Daily Mail - Apr 6, 2013 Anyone who ate dessert at one of Manhattan's top dinner spots, Alta Restaurant, within the last couple weeks may have been infected with Hepatitis A, according to the city Health Department."
p3
aS'Canadian town shocked find bright PINK water streaming out of their taps - but ... Daily Mail - Mar 7, 2017 Residents of a small Canadian town were shocked to discover bright pink water pouring out from their taps - but officials insisted the liquid was safe to drink.'
p4
aS"Three young sisters suffocate to death after being buried under grain while ... Daily Mail - Oct 14, 2015 Three young sisters have died after being smothered in canola seed on their family's farm. Catie Bott, 13, and 11-year-old twin sisters Dara and Jana Bott of Withrow, Alberta in Canada suffocated after being buried under canola while playing on a grain ..."
p5
aS"One in SEVEN Australians with HIV don't know they have the virus as number of ... Daily Mail - Jul 16, 2014 'They need treatment for their own health, but secondarily, people that are undiagnosed are more likely to transmit the virus to other people."
p6
aS"Soaked to the stone: Streets of Venice submerged under annual 'acqua alta ... Daily Mail - Oct 29, 2012 Soaked to the stone: Streets of Venice submerged under annual 'acqua alta' floods as experts predict water will be waist-deep within days."
p7
aS"How to make a UFO of your own: Drone with 1000 watt LED light can turn night ... Daily Mail - Oct 17, 2016 It could be mistaken for a hovering UFO, but this DIY flashlight consists of ten separate 100-watt LEDs mounted on a Freefly Alta drone. Daniel Riley of Stratus Productions designed 'the world's brightest flashlight' last year and recently updated the ..."
p8
aS"Vancouver's natural highs: Viewing a breathtaking city from a different angle Daily Mail - Dec 9, 2012 Vancouver is celebrated for its natural beauty. Perched on a peninsula on Canada's Pacific North West coast and hugged by mountains, beaches and forest, it's the gateway to British Columbia, as well as a starting point for Alaskan cruises and train trips."
p9
aS"Another X-Factor 'amateur' with a singing career: Saara Aalto follows Ryan ... Daily Mail - Aug 28, 2016 Saara Aalto made her debut on Sunday night's episode of the ITV show, in which she stunned judges with an incredible rendition of Sia's Chandelier, while revealing she has always wanted to appear on the talent programme."
p10
a.