(lp0
S"Why Traders Are Paying Attention To The Chart of American International Group ... NY Stock News - 15 hours ago American International Group, Inc.  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics."
p1
aS"AIG: Morale Hits New Lows Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 This includes a two-year plan for returning $25 billion to shareholders. However, Hancock's turnaround plan hasn't done much for AIG. Under Hancock, AIG has posted losses in four of the last six quarters. The company is battling rising claims costs ...John Paulson leaving AIG board of directors - Business InsurancePaulson Said to Exit AIG Board After Hedge Fund Sells Shares - Bloomberg"
p2
aS"Important Analyst Opinions: American International Group, Inc.  StandardOracle - 22 hours ago American International Group, Inc.  lost -1.03% to reach $59.55 in the previous trading session. Overall, 5.95 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 6.85 Million shares.Really worthy Stock American International Group, Inc.'s  stock price is ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p3
aS'AIG Announces Consumer Insurance Investor Day Business Wire  - Apr 12, 2017 NEW YORK----American International Group, Inc.  will hold a Consumer Insurance Investor Day focused on Japan and Personal Insurance in New York City on Monday, May 15, 2017.'
p4
aS"American International Group, Inc. performed Poor with a change of -1.03% in ... Free Observer - 19 hours ago If you look at the company's income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, AIG earned gross profit of 0, in 2015 0 gross profit, while in 2016 American International Group, Inc. (AIG ..."
p5
aS'AIG morale could spook talent, curb turnaround plan: UBS report Reuters - Apr 3, 2017 A morale crisis at American International Group Inc could prevent the U.S. insurance company from keeping and hiring the talent it needs to propel it through its financial turnaround, UBS said in an analysis on Monday.'
p6
aS'American International Group, Inc.  Has Just Revealed This From The ... NY Stock News - Apr 13, 2017 American International Group, Inc.  is now trading with a very clear set of technicals. Taken together they paint a very compelling picture of how investors and traders should be approaching AIG.'
p7
aS"AIG: The Uncertainty Is Creating A Buying Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Mar 26, 2017 More recently, it was reported that AIG's CEO search would likely take &quot;months rather than weeks&quot; and it appears more likely that the company will bring in outside talent for this position, which should be viewed as a positive development. AIG's stock ..."
p8
aS"AIG's board denies CEO 2016 cash bonus after dismal earnings CNBC - Apr 13, 2017 American International Group board of directors declined to award Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock a cash bonus for his work last year, after the company's dismal financial performance roiled shareholders, according to a proxy filing on Thursday.AIG CEO Peter Hancock's Total Pay Fell 23% in 2016 - Wall Street Journal "
p9
aS"AIG Board Refuses CEO Hancock's 2016 Cash Bonus after Poor Earnings Insurance Journal - 17 hours ago American International Group Inc.'s board of directors declined to award Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock a cash bonus for his work last year, after the company's dismal financial performance roiled shareholders, according to a proxy filing on ..."
p10
a.