(lp0
S"AAR Corp. mulls big expansion in DC area Washington Business Journal - Apr 6, 2017 AAR Corp. CEO David Storch said after a key hire and a lot of momentum in the company's more. AAR Corp. Fresh off major contract wins in the federal government, Wood Dale, Illinois-based aircraft maintenance company AAR Corp. is looking at&nbsp;...AAR Corp.  Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS - BBNSAAR Corp.  recently sold by insider Holmes John McClain III - Post Analyst"
p1
aS'AAR Corp. - Momentum Remains Strong, Solid Long-Term Growth Play Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 AAR Corp.  continues to deliver on healthy results, as the latest quarterly results confirm the long-term investment thesis.AAR Corp  Q3 Earnings Meet Estimates, Revenues Up Y/Y - Zacks.com'
p2
aS'AAR Corp  Unit Secures $909M Contract from Air Force Nasdaq - Mar 27, 2017 Recently, AAR Corp. reported third-quarter fiscal 2017 earnings in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Earnings were up 31% from the year-ago figure.Out-of-state firm swoops in to hire laid-off North State Aviation employees - Triad Business JournalAAR Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 27 - Equities.com'
p3
aS'Noble Capital Markets Initiates Research Coverage on AAR Corp.  PR Newswire  - Apr 3, 2017 NEW YORK, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Capital Markets announced today that it has initiated research coverage on AAR Corp. . The report was issued by Research Analyst, Benjamin Klieve, CFA. AAR Corp. is a diversified product and&nbsp;...AAR Corp.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 03 - Equities.comAnalyst Activity  Noble Financial Initiates Coverage On AAR Corp. (NYSE:AIR ... - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS'Sales, profits higher for AAR Corp. BusinessNorth.com - Apr 5, 2017 AAR CORP.  reported third quarter fiscal year 2017 consolidated sales of $446.7 million and income from continuing operations of $13.1 million, or 38 cents per diluted share.Insider Trading Activity AAR Corp.   VP Sold 5000 shares of Stock - Market ExclusiveZacks: AAR Corp.  Given $40.33 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS"AAR Corp.  Secures Multi-Year Contract from ASL Aviation Holdings StreetInsider.com - Apr 11, 2017 AAR  announces it has been awarded a multi-year component support contract from ASL Aviation Holdings. The new contract for power-by-the-hour support for ASL Group's airlines includes component support and repair for approximately 100&nbsp;...AAR Corp. Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.46 Per Share  - The Cerbat GemThe AAR Corp.  Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.19 - Petro Global News 24"
p6
aS"AAR Corp. begins hiring mechanics at Rockford jet repair hub Rockford Register Star - Oct 21, 2016 AAR Corp. has posted 18 jobs on its website for the Rockford maintenance, repair and overhaul or MRO, as it's known in aviation parlance."
p7
aS"A primer on Rockford's new jet repair hub and AAR Corp. Rockford Register Star - Jul 14, 2016 ROCKFORD - Education was the key to Rockford's courtship of AAR Corp., a global leader in the jet service and repair industry and the new kid on the block, so to speak, of the region's aerospace and aviation cluster."
p8
aS'AAR Corp. - Potential Recovery Within Expeditionary Services And Organic ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 AAR Corp. reported relatively strong fourth quarter results, and predicts further growth in the coming year. While earnings are expected to show further gains, predicted margin gains are modest following continued pressure in the expeditionary service&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Want a job? AAR Corp. to host fair for aviation mechanics at new Rockford jet ... Rockford Register Star - Nov 11, 2016 ROCKFORD - AAR Corp. will hire hundreds of aircraft mechanics and support personnel at the new Rockford jet repair hub in the months ahead, and company representatives hope to find many prospective hires at a job fair they'll host at the airport ..."
p10
a.