(lp0
S"The Amedisys Inc  Position Increased by BlackRock Institutional Trust ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 1, 2017 Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Amedisys by 6.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,032,314 shares of the company's stock worth&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Amedisys Brings In Christopher Gerard As New Chief Operating Officer GlobeNewswire  - Nov 4, 2016 BATON ROUGE, La., Nov. 04, 2016  -- Amedisys, Inc. , a leading home health, hospice and personal care company, announced today that industry leader Christopher Gerard will join the Company as Chief Operating&nbsp;...AMEDISYS'  CEO Paul Kusserow on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaAmedisys reports third-quarter profit, announces new chief operating officer - The Advocate"
p2
aS'Numbers in Focus for Amedisys, Inc.  Baxter Review - 18 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Amedisys, Inc. . ROIC is a metric that can be used to assess the efficiency of a particular company at allocating controlled capital into investments that are&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Amedisys Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Home Staff, LLC GlobeNewswire  - Dec 19, 2016 BATON ROUGE, La., Dec. 19, 2016  -- Amedisys, Inc. , one of the nation's leading home health care and hospice companies, today announced that its subsidiary, Associated Home Care, has signed a definitive&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Amedisys Welcomes David Mikula as Chief Development Officer GlobeNewswire  - Jan 30, 2017 BATON ROUGE, La., Jan. 30, 2017  -- Amedisys, Inc. , a leading home health, hospice and personal care company, announced today that David Mikula will join the Company as Chief Development Officer, effective&nbsp;...Amedisys Taps Former Kindred Exec to Lead Development Efforts - Home Health Care NewsAmedisys adds C-level exec to downtown office - Nashville Post '
p5
aS"Louisiana health giant Amedisys acquires second Mass. home health firm Boston Business Journal  - Aug 1, 2016 One of the nation's largest publicly traded home health and hospice providers has acquired a second Massachusetts senior care business, with Louisiana-based Amedisys Inc. acquiring Danvers-based Professional Profiles Inc. in a $4.4 million deal. The ...Amedisys Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Professional Profiles, Inc. - GlobeNewswire Amedisys Expands Private Duty Footprint With $4.4 Million Acquisition - Home Health Care News"
p6
aS"Amedisys Closes On Acquisition of Home Staff, LLC GlobeNewswire  - Feb 2, 2017 BATON ROUGE, La., Feb. 02, 2017  -- Amedisys, Inc. , one of the nation's leading home health care and hospice companies, today announced that its subsidiary, Associated Home Care, has closed on its acquisition of&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Amedisys Unveils Heart Failure Program During American Heart Month GlobeNewswire  - Feb 1, 2017 Amedisys, Inc. is a leading healthcare at home Company delivering personalized home health, hospice and personal care.'
p8
aS'Amedisys Welcomes Gary D. Willis as New Chief Financial Officer GlobeNewswire  - Dec 20, 2016 BATON ROUGE, La., Dec. 20, 2016  -- Amedisys, Inc. , a leading home health, hospice and personal care company, announced today that respected financial leader Gary D. Willis will join the Company as Chief&nbsp;...Amedisys Names New CFO - Home Health Care NewsAmedisys hires ex-Capella CFO - Nashville Post '
p9
aS'Amedisys Inc  Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 17, 2017 Amedisys logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System held its stake in Amedisys Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Amedisys Inc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 14 - Equities.comAmedisys Inc  Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.