(lp0
S'American Independence Corp. Announces Filing of a Schedule 13E-3 Relating to a ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 28, 2016 NEW YORK, June 27, 2016  -- American Independence Corp.  today announced that a Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement has been filed with the U.S.'
p1
aS'American Independence Corp. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... PR Newswire  - Jun 29, 2016 NEW YORK, June 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WeissLaw LLP is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of American Independence Corp.  in connection with the proposed&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Independence Holding Company and American Independence Corp. Announce Sale of ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 5, 2016 STAMFORD, Conn. and NEW YORK, Jan. 05, 2016  -- Independence Holding Company  and American Independence Corp.  today announced that they have entered into an agreement to sell the stock of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Independence Holding  Announces Completion of American Independence (AMIC ... StreetInsider.com - Aug 31, 2016 Independence Holding Company  announced that the merger of American Independence Corp.  with and into AMIC Holdings, Inc. became effective on August 31, 2016 .'
p4
aS'Microgrids: Energy independence  for companies ARNnet - Apr 17, 2017 ANDOVER, Mass. -- At the end of a heavily wooded, sparse industrial park here sits the North American headquarters and R&amp;D center for Schneider Electric, which earlier this month unveiled its own campus power microgrid.'
p5
aS'Bank Stocks Are Working When Their Focus Is the US Economy Bloomberg - Jul 26, 2016 The year-to-date rally has seen American Independence Corp., RMR Group Inc. and Crawford &amp; Co. more than double, while the best-performing large cap, Iron Mountain Inc., tops out at 53 percent.'
p6
aS"Investors left in the dark over SEC auditor independence charge Compliance Week   - Sep 23, 2016 Investors in Universal American Corp. have no idea that more than three years worth of the company's financial statements were the likely subject of auditor independence violations that led to charges by the Securities and Exchange Commission and a $5&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Trump Can Make the US Energy-IndependentIf He Goes Green Fortune - Nov 16, 2016 The U.S. can realize President-elect Donald Trump's dream of independence from foreign oil &quot;foes&quot; and &quot;cartels&quot;but he likely won't live to see it unless he embraces the kinds of policies he's campaigned against, according to a new study out Wednesday ..."
p8
aS"Nicola Sturgeon's dream of Scottish independence suffers another blow as ... The Sun - Oct 18, 2016 NICOLA Sturgeon may have difficulty trying to win backing for Scottish independence from whoever wins next month's presidential election as America tells her to respect the will of the British people. In television interviews the SNP leader said she ..."
p9
aS"Industry assails Trump's 'Buy America' steel plan The Hill - Apr 12, 2017 ... of domestic steel producers to supply the energy sector, and to not allow American energy independence to be undercut and undermined by a reliance on foreign sources and suppliers, wrote U.S."
p10
a.