(lp0
S"Does American Superconductor Corporation's  Low Debt-Load Make It ... Simply Wall St - 15 hours ago Small-cap companies such as American Superconductor Corporation  with its market cap of USD $96 Million, have high growth potential but financial strength is the deciding factor in their long-term survival."
p1
aS"American Superconductor: Are We There Yet? Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 On February 6, 2017, American Superconductor  held its Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call. While beating on both quarterly revenue and EPS estimates, the discussion worth having is the massive upside that this company's technology&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'American Superconductor Corporation Common Stock Quote &amp; Summary Data Nasdaq - Aug 19, 2011 American Superconductor Corporation  was founded on April 9, 1987.'
p3
aS"American Superconductor: Too Cheap To Ignore With Emerging Energy Grid ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 23, 2014 American Superconductor Corporation  was once a Wall Street darling. In 2010, Louis Navellier even considered it to be a potential takeover target for General Electric's  wind turbine division."
p4
aS"Keep American Superconductor On Your Radar For The Next Few Weeks Seeking Alpha - Apr 21, 2015 American superconductor may be on the point of turning its fortunes around over the next few weeks. The company is in discussions and negotiation for major contracts that begin to generate needed profit, including naval and utilities projects.AMSC Announces US Navy's Intention to Order High Temperature Superconductor ... - GlobeNewswire "
p5
aS'Investor Update: Tracking Shares of American Superconductor Corporation ... Benton Bulletin - 10 hours ago American Superconductor Corporation  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 5. The goal of the F-Score is to help locate companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p6
aS"American Superconductor Destroyed For A Tiny Bribe Forbes - Sep 21, 2011 Most amazing so far is the tiny amount of money paid to the AMSC employee who has reportedly pled guilty to the charges that he was bribed to reveal the source code for core electrical components for Sinovel's wind turbines."
p7
aS'Analysts Anticipate American Superconductor Co.  to Post -$0.39 Earnings ... The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago American Superconductor posted earnings per share of  in the same quarter last year, which indicates a negative year over year growth rate of 14.7%.Stock Returns: Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  is Beating ... - CML NewsAmerican Superconductor  Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds - Markets Daily'
p8
aS'Company Focus on Shares of American Superconductor Corporation  BVN - 8 hours ago Looking at shares of American Superconductor Corporation , the company presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.156466.'
p9
aS"American Superconductor's  CEO Dan McGahn on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 While AMSC anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause the company's views to change, we specifically disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.American Superconductor Corporation  Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks ... - Sports Perspectives"
p10
a.