(lp0
S'Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. Receives Stockholder Approval to Be Acquired ... Business Wire  - Aug 24, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the common stockholders of AMTG approved the proposed acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. to Acquire Apollo Residential ... Business Wire  - Feb 26, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement  under which&nbsp;...Why Apollo Residential Mortgage Stock is Surging - Motley FoolMore Mortgage REIT Consolidation Is On The Table - Benzinga'
p2
aS'Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces Purchase Price ... Business Wire  - Jul 26, 2016 NEW YORK----Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.   and Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the aggregate consideration to be paid in connection with the acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. Announces the Appointment of Gregory W. Hunt ... Business Wire  - Nov 3, 2015 NEW YORK----Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced the Board of Directors appointed Gregory W. Hunt to the positions of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. Announces CFO Transition Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2015 NEW YORK----Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.   today announced Teresa D. Covello, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of AMTG, has resigned from the Company to pursue other&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Sell-side Focusing in on Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.  The Herald - Apr 15, 2017 Out of the N/A covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. , N/A have shares listed as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have the stock rated a Buy.'
p6
aS'Can Apollo Residential Mortgage Inc Return to Growth? Motley Fool - Jun 30, 2014 Apollo Residential Mortgage Inc  is an interesting off-the-radar mortgage REIT that has experienced more than its fair share of volatility over the course of last year.'
p7
aS'Stock Estimates &amp; Analysts Take on Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc.  The Herald - Feb 8, 2017 Monitoring analyst opinions on a company they track might assist investors with gathering vital information. Out of the N/A covering analysts offering stock ratings for Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. , N/A have shares pegged a Strong Buy ...'
p8
aS'What Are Analysts Recommending on Apollo Residential Mortgage, Inc. ? The Herald - May 17, 2016 Equity research firms covering public U.S companies have a workforce of analysts dedicating their time covering the most popular stocks.'
p9
aS'Leon Black Discusses Energy Sector And Credit Markets Benzinga - May 9, 2014 The recent earnings call from Apollo Global Management  was almost a field guide to making money in the markets for 2014.'
p10
a.