(lp0
S'Amerityre losses deepen, sales drop Tire Business - Mar 27, 2013 BOULDER CITY, Nev.  - Polyurethane tire developer Amerityre Corp. suffered worsening losses in the quarter and six months ended Dec. 31 on the negative effects of double-digit drops in sales.'
p1
aS"AMERITYRE CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Amerityre Corporation is engaged in the research and development, manufacturing, and sale of polyurethane tires. The Company's polyurethane material technology is based on two formulations: closed-cell polyurethane foam, a material with high&nbsp;...Amerityre posts net income in second quarter - RubberNews.com"
p2
aS"Going airlessnew fad? Michelin Tweel Tire Business - Feb 2, 2016 Here in the U.S., you also have Amerityre Corp., which has been at it for nearly two decades, using millions of dollars of investors' money."
p3
aS'The List: Highest-Paid Executives of Publicly Reporting Companies Las Vegas Sun - May 28, 2010 When the Securities and Exchange Commission changed reporting requirements for executive pay a couple of years ago, it made our task of reporting on these numbers simultaneously easier and more difficult.'
p4
aS'ROOT9: -82.5% Downside On Management Fraud Allegations, Cyber Failure And ... Seeking Alpha - Jun 15, 2015 RTNB is a worthless reverse-merger created by insiders with long history of penny-stock wipeouts, fraud allegations, and disaster while CEO Grano embroiled in &quot;fraudulent concealment&quot;and &quot;breach of fiduciary duty&quot; lawsuit.'
p5
aS'A Look at the Global Tire Industry Seeking Alpha  - Aug 11, 2010 The automobile industry is one of the dominating sectors because many economic activities rely on and are linked to automobile production.'
p6
aS"R244 All-Position Steer Radial Tire ForConstructionPros.com - Jan 3, 2014 Bridgestone's R244 All-Position Steer Radial is a wide-base tire made for dump and concrete mixer trucks which spend a higher percentage of their miles in on-highway use."
p7
aS'En Englais: Chinese firm buying 26% stake in Pirelli Tire Business - Apr 1, 2015 MILAN, ItalyState-controlled China National Chemical Corp. , parent of China National Tire &amp; Rubber Co. and other rubber industry holdings, has struck a deal to buy a 26.2-percent share in Pirelli &amp; C. S.p.'
p8
aS'BKT bolsters OE sales team Tire Business - Oct 1, 2015 and chief operating officer of Redco Corp. in Red Lion, Pa. BKT said that as an original equipment sales manager, Mr. Connor also has introduced and sold tires to tier one equipment manufacturers including CNH Global N.V.'
p9
aS'SEMA, AAPEX to highlight automotive aftermarket trends Tire Business - Oct 15, 2015 LAS VEGAS  - The annual Specialty Equipment Market Association  Show and Automotive Aftermarket Parts Exposition  will be highlighting new technology, automotive products and training seminars, Nov. 2-6, at two venues&nbsp;...'
p10
a.