(lp0
S"Why Amazon.com, Inc.  Stock Will Keep Going Higher Investorplace.com - 18 hours ago When you have a stock like Amazon.com, Inc.  that continues to inch higher every day and consistently outperform markets, it is important to contextualize the performance of AMZN stock in a long-term window.Amazon.com, Inc.  is Baillie Gifford &amp; Co.'s Largest Position - The Cerbat GemBarclays PLC Begins Coverage on Amazon.com, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS"How Amazon.com Inc. Makes Most of Its Money Motley Fool - Apr 9, 2017 Alexa, cloud computing, delivery drones, and more: For all its headline-grabbing innovations, the business model for Amazon.com  can seem dizzyingly complex. The reality is much different though. Amazon's core business model is actually&nbsp;...Amazon.com, Inc.  Is Breaking the First Rule of Strategy - Smarter AnalystAmazon.com, Inc.  Stock: $1 Trillion Doesn't Matter - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS"Avoid These 3 Stocks like the Plague: Netflix, Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc ... Smarter Analyst - 12 hours ago However, I've identified three widely traded stocks that I would categorize as chocolate covered hand grenades: Netflix, Inc. , Amazon.com, Inc. , and Tesla Inc . At their current levels, I'm amazed they haven't&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Amazon.com, Inc. Pulls Even With Flipkart In India StockNews.com  - 23 hours ago Amazon.com, Inc. shares rose $2.21  in premarket trading Monday. Year-to-date, AMZN has gained 17.98%, versus a 4.47% rise in the benchmark S&amp;P 500 index during the same period.'
p4
aS'Amazon Scammers Are Using This Trick to Make Millions Inc.com - 16 hours ago &quot;Amazon has zero tolerance for fraud,&quot; a spokesperson emailed Inc. &quot;We withhold payment to sellers until we are confident that our customers have received the products and services they ordered.'
p5
aS"A Prime Proposal for Amazon Bloomberg - 18 hours ago Amazon.com Inc. doesn't need any help, but here is some unsolicited advice anyway. The company needs and wants to expand its Prime membership outside the U.S."
p6
aS'Amazon: Undervalued Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 Amazon: Undervalued. Apr.13.17 | About: Amazon.com, Inc.  &middot; Short Only. Short only. Get email alerts. Summary.'
p7
aS'Amazon.com Pads Its Amazon Prime Perks Kiplinger Personal Finance - Apr 12, 2017 Last year, the National Football League embraced online streaming, broadcasting 10 primetime Thursday Night Football games on Twitter Inc. . The league is back with Thursday evening streaming for 2017, but the price paid to be the host has gone&nbsp;...Amazon.com, Inc. To Spend $4.5 Billion In 2017 Alone On Streaming Content - StockNews.com '
p8
aS'Amazon: A Risky Ship To Sail On Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 The stock might not be a good pick for investors looking at immediate returns in 1 to 2 years. This is why the company may not seem to be lucrative now.'
p9
aS'Amazon.com, Inc. Puts Its Cashier-Less Grocery Concept on Hold Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 In December 2016, Amazon.com  wrapped up the year with the surprise launch of a small convenience-style grocery store concept with a checkout-free shopping experience the e-commerce giant called, &quot;Just Walk Out Shopping.Amazon.com, Inc.  Delays Launch of Amazon Go Grocery Store - Investorplace.comAmazon Stores: The Next Big Thing? - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.