(lp0
S"Anika Therapeutics Inc : What does the future look like? Simply Wall St - Apr 13, 2017 Anika Therapeutics Inc  is expected to experience a -5.3% decline in earnings over the next year. However, investors must be concerned whether it's just a hiccup or a long-term trend."
p1
aS'Why Anika Therapeutics Inc. Shares Skyrocketed Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2014 What: Shares of Anika Therapeutics , a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing therapies for tissue protection, healing, and repair, jumped as much as 52% after the Food and Drug Administration gave marketing approval for the&nbsp;..., A New Single Injection Treatment for Treatment of Pain Due to Osteoarthritis ... - Business Wire What does the approval of Monovisc mean for Anika Therapeutics? - Boston Business Journal '
p2
aS'Anika Therapeutics Inc. ANIK  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Anika Therapeutics Inc.ANIK. Significant News Only. 02/28/17; Press Release. Anika to Present at the 2017 Canaccord Genuity Musculoskeletal Conference on March 14, 2017.'
p3
aS'Anika Therapeutics, Inc. Announces First Patient Enrolled in FastTRACK Phase ... Business Wire  - Dec 29, 2015 BEDFORD, Mass.----Anika Therapeutics, Inc., , a global, integrated orthopedics medicines company specializing in therapeutics based on its proprietary hyaluronic acid technology, today announced the enrollment of the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Anika Therapeutics Wins CE Mark Approval for Cingal Business Wire  - Mar 28, 2016 BEDFORD, Mass.----Anika Therapeutics, Inc., , a global, integrated orthopedics medicines company specializing in therapeutics based on its proprietary hyaluronic acid HA technology, today announced that it received&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Trading Watch on Shares of Anika Therapeutics Inc  Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago Shares of Anika Therapeutics Inc  currently have a 14-day ADX of 35.47. The ADX was developed by J. Welles Wilder to help determine trend strength.'
p6
aS'-T To Relieve Pain and Restore Function of Tendons Damaged by Chronic Injury Business Wire  - Dec 19, 2016 BEDFORD, Mass.----Anika Therapeutics, Inc., , a global, integrated orthopedic medicines company specializing in therapeutics based on its proprietary hyaluronic acid HA technology, today announced that it received CE&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Anika Therapeutics: US Approval To Drive Profit And Valuation Seeking Alpha - Dec 23, 2014 Anika Therapeutics  is a small cap, biotech company focused on commercializing hyaluronic acid  based therapeutic solutions. HA is naturally present in human bodies and is found primarily in the skin, articular cartilage, synovial ...'
p8
aS"Anika Therapeutics, Inc Surges On Approval, but Is It Overpriced Now? Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2014 Anika  jumped by a third following the FDA's approval of Monovisc, its single injection treatment for osteoarthritis knee pain."
p9
aS'Anika Therapeutics Announces Positive Results from Follow-up Study Evaluating ... Business Wire  - Jul 9, 2015 BEDFORD, Mass.----Anika Therapeutics, Inc., , a leader in products for tissue protection, healing, and repair based on hyaluronic acid  technology, today reported positive results from the CINGAL 13-02 study&nbsp;...'
p10
a.