(lp0
S'The Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.  Stake Maintained by Osborne ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 29, 2017 Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of APD. Liberty Capital Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Air Products and Chemicals during the third quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Cantab&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'The Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.  Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Petro Global News 24 - Jan 17, 2017 Several research firms have issued reports on APD. Credit Suisse Group began coverage on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research report on Monday, October 3rd. They issued an outperform rating for the company. Monness Crespi &amp; Hardt&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Market: The Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.  Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Petro Global News 24 - Jan 27, 2017 Several research firms have recently weighed in on APD. Atlantic Securities upgraded Air Products and Chemicals from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and increased their price target for the stock from $125.00 to $135.00 in a research note on&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Air Products &amp; Chemicals Walks Away From Bid for Yingde Gases Wall Street Journal  - Mar 24, 2017 Industrial gas maker Air Products &amp; Chemicals Inc. backed away from its bid to buy China's Yingde Gases Group Co. In a brief securities filing Friday morning, the Allentown, Pa.Air Products drops $1.5 billion bid for China's Yingde Gases - Reuters UKInterested in Air Products and Chemicals Inc 's upcoming $0.95 dividend ... - Simply Wall St"
p4
aS'Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 30 ... Nasdaq - Mar 29, 2017 Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 30, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.95 per share is scheduled to be paid on May 08, 2017.Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.  : Checking the Chart - The USA CommerceAir Products and Chemicals, Inc. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS"Air Products Bids for China's Yingde Amid Consolidation Wave Bloomberg - Jan 9, 2017 Air Products &amp; Chemicals Inc. offered to buy China's biggest producer of industrial gases, joining a wave of consolidation led by Air Liquide SA and Praxair Inc. Air Products, which makes gases such as oxygen, hydrogen and nitrogen, expressed a ...Air Products makes offer for China's top industrial gas maker - Seeking AlphaAir Products offers to buy China's largest industrial gas maker Yingde - DEALSTREETASIA"
p6
aS"Air Products Poised on Strategic Actions Amid Headwinds Yahoo Finance - Apr 10, 2017 However, Air Products has underperformed the Zacks categorized Chemicals-Diversified industry over the past three months, reflecting the headwinds faced by the company and lower-than-expected earnings performance in the last reported quarter.Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalFenimore Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Air Products &amp; Chemicals ... - Sports Perspectives"
p7
aS'Bill Ackman Comments on Air Products and Chemicals Yahoo Finance - Mar 30, 2017 During 2016, Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.  continued to make substantial progress on its transformation under its CEO Seifi Ghasemi.Air Products And Chemicals: Jilted Again - Seeking AlphaAir Products and Chemicals Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 30 - Equities.com'
p8
aS'Air Products &amp; Chemicals, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; by ... Markets Daily - 8 hours ago Air Products &amp; Chemicals, Inc.  has been given an average rating of Hold by the fifteen ratings firms that are currently covering the company.Air Products &amp; Chemicals, Inc.  Increases Dividend to $0.95 Per Share - BBNSThe Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.  Receives New Coverage from Analysts ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'Fenimore Asset Management Inc Buys Air Products &amp; Chemicals, Dollar General ... Nasdaq - Apr 11, 2017 Fenimore Asset Management Inc initiated holdings in Dollar General Corp. The purchase prices were between $68.55 and $77.86, with an estimated average price of $73.24.'
p10
a.