(lp0
S"American Public Education Is Textbook Undervalued Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 American Public Education , provides post secondary education. The segments that they operate in are: American Public Education, and the Hondros College of Nursing. APEI's most recent earnings call was November 7th. Closing on&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Is American Public Education Inc's  Zero-Debt All You Need To Know About ... Simply Wall St - Mar 4, 2017 The direct benefit for American Public Education Inc , which sports a zero-debt capital structure, to include debt in its capital structure is the reduced cost of capital.Equities Analysts Set Expectations for American Public Education, Inc.'s Q1 ... - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"Breaking Down: American Public Education Inc  Stock Drop Below ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 American Public Education Inc has a one bull  technical rating because it's trading below the 10 day, 50 day and 200 day simple moving averages while the 10-day moving average is below the 50-day moving average and the 50-day&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'American Public Education, Inc. and Tarena International, Inc. Head to Head ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 Tarena International Inc has a higher fundamental rating then American Public Education Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.Guggenheim Capital LLC Purchases New Position in American Public Education ... - Sports PerspectivesKirkland Lake Gold  Stock Rating Reconfirmed by Scotia Capital; The ... - MoneyMakingArticles'
p4
aS'State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Sells 1450 Shares ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 17, 2017 American Public Education logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System reduced its position in American Public Education, Inc.  by 3.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the&nbsp;...American Public Education  Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Career Education Corporation  is Beating American ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for American Public Education Inc  versus Career Education Corporation  .'
p6
aS'Why Is American Public  Up 7.8% Since the Last Earnings Report? Zacks.com - Mar 31, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for American Public Education, Inc.  . Shares have added about 7.8% in that time frame, outperforming the market.'
p7
aS'American Public Education, Inc.  Stake Increased by Dimensional Fund ... Sports Perspectives - Apr 8, 2017 American Public Education logo Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in American Public Education, Inc.  by 3.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.American Public Education  Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.41 - Chaffey BreezeNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For American Public Education, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Position in American ... Markets Daily - Apr 13, 2017 American Public Education logo Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky held its stake in shares of American Public Education, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Cuts Position in ... The Cerbat Gem - Mar 28, 2017 American Public Education logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System cut its position in shares of American Public Education, Inc.  by 3.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.American Public Education, Inc.  Downgraded to Strong Sell at Zacks ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.