(lp0
S'API Group PLC announces Final Results Marketwired  - Jun 4, 2014 Press Release 4 June 2014 API Group plc  Final Results API Group plc , a leading manufacturer of specialist foils and packaging materials, announces its final results for the year ended 31 March 2014.'
p1
aS"API Group PLC: Publication of a second circular to shareholders in response to ... Marketwired  - Mar 5, 2015 Following the Company's announcement of 18 February 2015 and the publication of the Initial Response Circular on the same day, the Independent Board of the Company )&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'API Group plc: Publication of a Circular to Shareholders in Response to the ... Marketwired  - Feb 18, 2015 The Independent Board of the Company ) confirms that it has today posted a circular to shareholders (and, for information only, to persons with information rights and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'API Group plc : Publication of Annual Report &amp; Notice ... Marketwired  - Oct 5, 2012 STOCKPORT, UNITED KINGDOM-- - API Group plc , a leading manufacturer of specialist foils and packaging materials, announces that printed copies of its Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2014 were&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Steel Partners' API Group Acquires Assets and Business Of Amsterdam Metallized ... Business Wire  - Dec 1, 2016 NEW YORK----Steel Partners Holdings L.P. , a diversified global holding company, today announced that API Group plc, its majority-owned indirect subsidiary, has completed the acquisition of the manufacturing assets and&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'API Group announces senior management appointments Packaging News - Sep 22, 2015 The supplier of laminates, foils and security and decorative holographic products has named Dino Kiriakopoulos as president and chief executive, moving from his previous role as managing director of the API laminates business. Will Oldham, previously&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"API Group's profits up despite holographics slide Proactive Investors UK - Nov 29, 2012 The delays have been caused by the exacting technical demands of the customer. &quot;We have learnt a lot,&quot; chief executive Andrew Turner said in an interview with Proactive Investors, taking some consolation from the hurdles the group has had to overcome."
p7
aS'Steel Partners Holdings LP And CoSine Communications, Inc. Announce The Close ... PR Newswire  - Mar 25, 2015 ... an indirect United Kingdom  subsidiary of SPLP and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CoSine, to acquire all of the issued and to be issued ordinary shares of API Group plc  not already owned by Cedar for 60 pence per share (the &quot;Offer ...'
p8
aS'CoSine Communications, Inc. Announces Intention Of Its Wholly Owned Subsidiary ... PR Newswire  - Jan 28, 2015 ... Communications, Inc.   announced today the intention of its wholly owned United Kingdom  subsidiary, Cedar 2015 Limited , to acquire all of the issued and to be issued ordinary shares of API Group plc (LN ...'
p9
aS'CoSine Communications, Inc. Announces The Closing Of The Tender Offer By Its ... PR Newswire  - Mar 5, 2015 ... that the previously announced tender offer  of its wholly owned United Kingdom  subsidiary, Cedar 2015 Limited , for all the issued and to be issued ordinary shares of API Group plc   will close to further ...'
p10
a.