(lp0
S'Investor Consortium Completes Acquisition of Apollo Education Group, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Feb 1, 2017 Apollo Education Group, Inc. today announced the completion of its acquisition by a consortium of investors including The Vistria Group, LLC and funds affiliated with Apollo Global Management, LLC.Apollo Education Group  Stock Halted: Follow The Story With Us! - CNA Finance University of Phoenix $1.1B merger closes, stops trading on Nasdaq - Phoenix Business Journal'
p1
aS'The Consensus Has Spoken: Ratings update on Apollo Education Group, Inc ... The Herald - Apr 15, 2017 Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable company information. Out of the N/A covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for Apollo Education Group, Inc. , N/A have shares listed as a ...'
p2
aS'Why Apollo Education Group Inc. Jumped Today Motley Fool - May 2, 2016 What: Shares of Apollo Education Group  jumped on Monday following news that Apollo Global Management  had increased its bid for the company. At 3 p.m. ET, shares of Apollo Education were up about 11%, while shares of&nbsp;...Apollo Education Merger Likely To Be Shelved Even With Increased Offer - Seeking AlphaApollo Education Group  Takeover Offer from Consortium of Investors ... - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS"Apollo Education Group, Inc. to Be Taken Private in $1.1 Billion Transaction Business Wire  - Feb 8, 2016 PHOENIX &amp; NEW YORK----Apollo Education Group, Inc.  today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by a consortium of investors including The Vistria Group, LLC, funds affiliated with Apollo&nbsp;...University of Phoenix Parent Apollo Education to Be Taken Private - Wall Street JournalThe Apollo Education Group's Fire Sale - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS'Apollo Education: Take The Money And Run Seeking Alpha - May 22, 2016 I admit, I had a fun run with Apollo Education Group . I spent most of last year ... Then I took a long position, mostly as a trade, in January after the Wall Street Journal reported the company was in talks to sell itself to Apollo Global ...Students may get easier path to sue University of Phoenix - Phoenix Business Journal '
p5
aS"Multiple Ways To Win A Bet On Apollo Education Group Seeking Alpha - Apr 20, 2016 Apollo Education Group, Inc.  is one of the world's largest private education providers, serving students since 1973."
p6
aS"University of Phoenix parent Apollo Education starts new chapter as private firm AZCentral.com - Feb 6, 2017 Apollo Education Group, parent of the University of Phoenix and once one of Arizona's most iconic and valuable corporations, has started a new, more modest chapter of its life as a privately owned subsidiary."
p7
aS'Apollo Education Group: Privatization Offer Too Low Seeking Alpha - Feb 26, 2016 Apollo Education Group  is a for profit university which operates in the US and internationally. The US business is conducted via the University of Phoenix and the international business via Apollo Global.'
p8
aS"Apollo Education Shareholders Approve $1.14 Billion Buyout Wall Street Journal - May 6, 2016 Apollo Education Group Inc.'s shareholders on Friday approved a $1.14 billion buyout bid from a group including private-equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC, as the for-profit education company takes another step toward going private.Apollo Education Group Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement to be Acquired by ... - Yahoo Finance UKApollo Education Holders Approve Bid From Apollo Global - Bloomberg"
p9
aS'Sell-side Viewpoints on Apollo Education Group, Inc.  The Herald - Apr 16, 2017 Out of the N/A covering Street analysts offering stock ratings for Apollo Education Group, Inc. , N/A have shares pegged as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have the stock rated a Buy.'
p10
a.