(lp0
S'Appointment of a Receiver for Ressources Appalaches and Dufferin Resources Assets Marketwired  - Jan 20, 2015 RIMOUSKI, QUBEC-- - Today, upon a motion filed by LRC-RA LP , a secured creditor of Ressources Appalaches Inc.   and Dufferin Resources Incorporated , the Bankrupcy&nbsp;...NS gold mine placed in receivership - TheChronicleHerald.ca '
p1
aS'Ressources Appalaches: Dufferin Mine in Temporary Care and Maintenance Marketwired  - Oct 3, 2014 RIMOUSKI, QUEBEC-- - Ressources Appalaches  announces that the Dufferin Gold Mine is placed in temporary care and maintenance due to longer than expected development of the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Gold mining returns to Nova Scotia: Ressources Appalaches set to reopen ... Financial Post - Nov 27, 2013 Five years after outlaying $4-million purchasing the Dufferin Gold Mine, located on the eastern shore of Nova Scotia and about one hour north of Halifax, Ressources Appalaches has now been issued with the final permit, the so-called industrial approval ...'
p3
aS"Nomination d'un squestre pour Ressources Appalaches et Dufferin Resources Marketwired  - Jan 20, 2015 RIMOUSKI, QUBEC-- - Faisant suite  une motion dpose aujourd'hui par LRC-RA LP , crancier garanti de Ressources Appalaches inc.   et de Dufferin Resources Inc."
p4
aS'GOLD: Appalaches puts Dufferin mine on care and maintenance Canadian Mining Journal - Oct 6, 2014 NOVA SCOTIA - It seems no sooner was the first gold poured than owner Ressources Appalaches placed its Dufferin gold mine on temporary care and maintenance.'
p5
aS"Quebec gold company moving from 'junior' to 'senior' in Nova Scotia MINING.com - Nov 11, 2013 &quot;We've been told that we're nearing completion of [the reopening] process, said Jean-Claude Morel, executive vice-president of Ressources Appalaches on Thursday. The company filed for industrial approval in May. If Ressources gets the next permit, the&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Dufferin gold mine set to reopen TheChronicleHerald.ca - Sep 9, 2016 The Forest Hill mine has gold resources of 173,800 ounces indicated and 152,900 ounces inferred. Gold was trading at almost US$1,781 per ounce three years ago when the Dufferin mine was still owned by Rimouski, Quebec-based Ressources Appalaches&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Gold mine closer to reality TheChronicleHerald.ca - Nov 7, 2013 PORT DUFFERIN - An Eastern Shore gold mine is now one permit away from reopening. On Thursday, Ressources Appalaches Inc. got the nod from the provincial Labour Department, which had reviewed the mine's equipment and procedures for their&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Golden opportunity: NS could be on the verge of a mining renaissance TheChronicleHerald.ca - Apr 4, 2014 Wightman, executive director of the Nova Scotia Prospectors Association and a director of the Mining Association of Nova Scotia, is also president of Moose River Resources Inc. Moose River Resources has partnered with Atlantic Gold NL of Australia on ...'
p9
aS'Hundreds apply for 50 positions at Dufferin mine TheChronicleHerald.ca - Oct 17, 2013 Some of about 780 applications received to date for about 50 jobs are from people with industrial work experience in Newfoundland-Labrador, Ontario, Quebec and Western Canada, Alain Hupe, president of mine developer Ressources Appalaches Inc., said&nbsp;...'
p10
a.