(lp0
S"Appliance Recycling Centers of America Launches Statewide Program in Wisconsin PR Newswire  - Feb 13, 2017 MILWAUKEE, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. , the leading provider of appliance recycling and appliance retailing services, has partnered with Focus on Energy, Wisconsin's statewide energy&nbsp;...ARCA launches appliance program in Wisconsin - Recycling Today"
p1
aS"CEO Cameron Retires from Appliance Recycling Centers for Second Time waste360 - Mar 5, 2016 Appliance Recycling Centers of America announced that Edward R.  Cameron had retired from the company's board of directors and from the positions of chairman, president and CEO effective February 22."
p2
aS"Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc.  Announces Appointment of ... PR Newswire  - Jan 21, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Jan. 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. , the nation's leading provider of appliance recycling services, today announced it has appointed Rachel L. Holmes to the position of Executive Vice&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Appliance Recycling Centers of America CEO Jack Cameron retires for second time Minneapolis Star Tribune - Feb 29, 2016 Edward  Cameron has retired as chairman, president and chief executive of Appliance Recycling Centers of America Inc., the company he founded in 1976.'
p4
aS"Appliance Recycling Centers of America Announces Significant Increase in Call ... PR Newswire  - Dec 2, 2015 MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. , a leading provider of appliance retailing and recycling services, today announced that it has received and is responding to a significant influx of&nbsp;...Duke Energy suspends rebate program after contractor's bankruptcy - News & Observer"
p5
aS"Appliance Recycling Centers of America  Contract with Xcel Energy ... PR Newswire  - Dec 14, 2015 MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc.  today announced that Xcel Energy has selected the Company to continue providing appliance recycling services for the utility's Refrigerator and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Recycling Business Picking Up: Appliance Recycling Centers of America (ARCA ... PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Feb. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Across the United States, turmoil in the industry serving utilities with appliance recycling programs is providing opportunities for Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. . By engaging in ...'
p7
aS'Is Appliance Recycling Centers of America Inc  A Financially Sound Company? Simply Wall St - Mar 27, 2017 While small-cap stocks, such as Appliance Recycling Centers of America Inc  with its market cap of USD $6 Million, are popular for their explosive growth, investors should also pay heed to their balance sheet to judge whether the company&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Isaac Capital Successfully Replaces Board of Directors and CEO at Appliance ... GlobeNewswire  - May 28, 2015 SAN DIEGO, May 28, 2015  -- Isaac Capital Group LLC , an International private investment firm based in San Diego, California, and largest shareholder of Appliance Recycling Centers of America , with ownership of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Watching the Levels: Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc.  Lenox Ledger - 14 hours ago Investors may be tracking fundamental and technical data for Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. . The company has a current Value Composite Score of 37.'
p10
a.