(lp0
S"Mass. loses another independent drugmaker in $5.2b sale of Ariad The Boston Globe - Jan 9, 2017 Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc. on Monday accepted a $5.2 billion takeover offer from Japan's Takeda Pharmaceuticals Inc., making the Cambridge company the latest Massachusetts biotech to be gobbled up by a global drug company seeking to strengthen its&nbsp;...Ariad Pharmaceuticals shares skyrocket more than 70 percent on word of Takeda deal - CNBC"
p1
aS"3 Things You Really Need to Know About Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Q3 Results Motley Fool - Nov 7, 2016 Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has given shareholders a lot to like in 2016. The biotech's stock more than doubled by early October, although it has given up some of those gains in the last several weeks.ARIAD subpoenaed regarding financial assistance to Medicare patients - Seeking AlphaWhy Ariad Pharma Earnings Are So Great Despite a Loss - 24/7 Wall St."
p2
aS'3 Reasons Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc. Stock Rose 23.3% in May Motley Fool - Jun 9, 2016 What: Shares of Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc.  gained 23.3% last month, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p3
aS'Why Ariad Pharmaceuticals Tumbled 14.8% Today Motley Fool - Oct 14, 2016 After reports that the company increased prices on its leukemia drug four times this year prompted former presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders to tweet negatively about the company, shares in Ariad Pharmaceuticals  fell 14.8% today.Bernie Sanders tweet sends shares of Ariad Pharmaceuticals down 15% - CNBCBernie Sanders Tweet Causes Ariad Pharma Stock to Plunge 14% - ETF Daily News '
p4
aS'Ariad Pharmaceuticals: How The Lawmakers Will Get This Wrong Seeking Alpha - Oct 26, 2016 Of all the easy choices, Senators Sanders and Representative Cummings have now decided to go after biotechnology company, Ariad Pharmaceuticals . I will argue this choice will prove to be an extremely poor one for the proponents of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Ariad Is Not Valeant Seeking Alpha - Oct 30, 2016 Most of my articles are critical of the U.S pharmaceutical industry. However, believe it or not, ... Objectivity is needed to see the difference between companies like Ariad  and Valeant  or Mylan . Price hikes mean&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Ariad: The Storm Has Passed Seeking Alpha - Dec 5, 2016 Increasing the price of a life-saving drug is a good motivator for lawmakers to look closer, and I don't think it is a coincidence that whenever pharmaceutical companies/managers gain attention for price 'gouging' they often find themselves on the hook ..."
p7
aS"Bernie Sanders's Destruction Of Ariad Seeking Alpha - Oct 24, 2016 Ariad's stock lost over $30 million from a single Bernie Sanders tweet. Now, the senator and Rep. Cummings are doubling down on their attack on the company. Why was Ariad willing to take such an irresponsible risk with its pricing? How desperate is the ...Bernie Sanders Has Got It Wrong With Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc  - Insider FinancialWilliam Blair Raises Price Target on ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ; Here ... - Smarter Analyst"
p8
aS"Why Ariad Pharmaceuticals Soared 47% in November Motley Fool - Dec 2, 2016 Only a month after news of significant price increases on its only commercial drug caused its shares to drop, Donald Trump's victory caused Ariad Pharmaceuticals'  shares to rally 46.7% in November, according to data from S&amp;P Global&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Under New Structure, ARIAD Growth Opportunities May Be Undervalued Seeking Alpha - Aug 23, 2016 The pharmaceutical company's stock valuation doesn't seem to incorporate new management's transformative strategy that seeks to improve focus, efficiency and business fundamentals."
p10
a.