(lp0
S'Why ARRIS International plc Fell 15% Today Motley Fool - Feb 23, 2017 Shares of communications networking equipment maker ARRIS International  fell as much as 15.3% Thursday morning, following the release of preliminary fourth-quarter results and an acquisition announcement involving two divisions from&nbsp;...ARRIS International Plc  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaARRIS International | $ARRS Stock | Shares Fall Despite Beating Fourth Quarter ... - Warrior Trading News '
p1
aS"BRIEF-Arris International Plc says executive chairman Robert J. Stanzione's ... Reuters - Apr 5, 2017 ... * Arris International Plc says executive chairman Robert J. Stanzione's total compensation in 2016 was $9.7 million versus $5.7 million in 2015 - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Why to Keeping Eye on ARRIS International plc , Realogy Holdings Corp ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of ARRIS International plc  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 0.19 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands ..."
p3
aS'ARRIS International plc Profit Climbs 64% In Q4 Nasdaq - Feb 22, 2017  - ARRIS International plc  revealed earnings for its fourth quarter that climbed from last year. The company said its bottom line came in at $152.91 million, or $0.79 per share.'
p4
aS"Featured Stock Update: ARRIS International plc  HugoPress - Apr 11, 2017 Goldman Sachs Upgrades ARRIS International plc 's stock to Buy with the price target of $32. This rating was issued on 3/14/17.Can ARRIS International plc's  Financial Health Cause Trouble In The Future? - Simply Wall StArris Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date And Teleconference ... - PR Newswire "
p5
aS"Arris and Pace face patent allegations from Sony Advanced Television - 1 hour ago Set-top box maker Arris is being investigated by the US International Trade Commission  over alleged patent infringements on boxes supplied to a number of US cable MSOs as well as DirecTV's Genie users."
p6
aS"Arris in bid for Brocade network unit: sources Reuters UK - Jan 13, 2017 Set-top box maker Arris International Plc  is in talks to acquire Brocade Communications Systems Inc's  networking equipment business for as much as $1 billion, according to people familiar with the matter.Arris Bidding for Brocade's Networking Unit: Report - Multichannel News"
p7
aS"Arris International Plc: Goldman upgrades to 'buy' Times of India - Mar 14, 2017 &quot;As Arris' revenue shifts towards N&amp;C  and away from in-home CPE  ... we expect upward estimate revisions and multiple expansion.&quot; - Goldman analysts. ** Analysts add that N&amp;C segment is poised for&nbsp;...ARRIS International plc  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 13 - Equities.comHot Stock Overview: ARRIS International plc  - HugoPress"
p8
aS"ARRIS International Plc  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 27, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2016, ARRIS International earnings conference call. My name is Steve and I'll be your operator for today.Arris Group Inc.  Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations ... - Community Financial News"
p9
aS"The Must-Know Technicals As They Stand For ARRIS International plc  NY Stock News - Apr 5, 2017 ARRIS International plc  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment.Don't Try to Catch a Falling Knife: Sell ARRIS International - Yahoo Finance"
p10
a.