(lp0
S'Arrow Electronics  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 As a reminder, you can access our earnings release at investor.arrow.com, along with the CFO commentary, the non-GAAP earnings reconciliation, and a webcast of this call.Arrow Electronics Reports Fourth-Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results - Business Wire Arrow Electronics Sales Up 2% in 2016 - Modern Distribution Management'
p1
aS'Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Receives Average Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; from ... The Cerbat Gem - 6 hours ago Arrow Electronics logo Arrow Electronics, Inc.  has earned an average recommendation of Hold from the seven brokerages that are covering the company.Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. - Markets DailyThe Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"Arrow Electronics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 14 Equities.com - Apr 14, 2017 Arrow Electronics Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 14, as the stock gained 0.44% to close at $70.28. On the day, Arrow Electronics Inc. saw 819,732 shares trade hands on 6,958 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily&nbsp;...Brokerages Anticipate Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Will Post Quarterly Sales ... - Sports PerspectivesWhat's Fueling Investor Confidence? - Arrow Electronics, Inc. , Praxair ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p3
aS'Market Focus: Zooming in on Shares of Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 6 hours ago Arrow Electronics, Inc.  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 9109548. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p4
aS"Arrow Electronics  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arrow Electronics, Inc. Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Steven O'Brien.Arrow Electronics Could Benefit From Pound Surge - Wall Street Journal Arrow Electronics Inc : What are the future prospects? - Simply Wall St"
p5
aS"Arrow Electronics' SAM Car Ranked Top Car Innovation of 2016 CSRwire.com  - Mar 28, 2017 CENTENNIAL, Colo., Mar. 28 /CSRwire/ - The Semi-autonomous Motorcar, or SAM Car, that Arrow Electronics, Inc.  built for a former racecar driver paralyzed from the neck down, was named the best car innovation of 2016 by Business Insider."
p6
aS"Arrow Electronics Named a Strategic Global Distributor for New Dell EMC ... Business Wire  - Feb 21, 2017 CENTENNIAL, Colo.----Arrow Electronics, Inc. , the only end-to-end value-added technology distributor in the world, has been named to the list of key global distribution partners for Dell EMC's new integrated Partner Program.Did any Colorado businesses make Fortune's 'most admired companies' list? - Denver Business Journal"
p7
aS"Arrow Electronics Wins Innovation of the Year Award for Second Consecutive ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 30, 2017 Arrow's Lean Sigma Continuous Process Improvement Leader Thomas Van Eimeren  accepts the &quot;Innovation of the Year&quot; award at the Lean &amp; Six Sigma World Conference."
p8
aS"Arrow Electronics Brings Crowdfunded Technology to Life with Indiegogo Business Wire  - Aug 25, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO----Arrow Electronics, Inc. , the global technology company providing products and solutions that guide innovation forward, and Indiegogo, the global platform for entrepreneurs to bring their ideas from concept&nbsp;...Indiegogo Partner Arrow Electronics Announces Crowdfund-to-Production Service - Crowdfund InsiderArrow Electronics in $1M 'flash-funding' giveaway effort - Denver Business Journal"
p9
aS'CUI signs global distribution deal with Arrow Electronics Proactive Investors USA & Canada - Jan 18, 2017 CUI Global, Inc. said its wholly-owned subsidiary, CUI Inc.  has signed a worldwide distribution agreement with Arrow Electronics, Inc., a global provider of products, services and solutions to industrial and commercial users of electronic ...'
p10
a.