(lp0
S'Pinnacle Entertainment Completes Acquisition of Ameristar Casinos, Inc. GlobeNewswire  - Aug 14, 2013 LAS VEGAS, Aug. 14, 2013  -- Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.   announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Ameristar Casinos, Inc.  . As previously&nbsp;...St. Louis Casinos Down 10.6% To $86m In July - Online Poker.netLumiere casino sold to Tropicana for $260 million - STLtoday.com'
p1
aS"Ameristar Casinos completes purchase of former Westinghouse site in ... MassLive.com - Jan 25, 2012 ... Springfield for a possible $500 million casino resort. After completing due diligence over the past couple of months, Ameristar Casinos, Inc. of Las Vegas purchased the land for $16 million from an affiliate of the O'Connell Development Group Inc ..."
p2
aS"Springfield casino plan draws 450 to hear Ameristar Casinos preview MassLive.com - Dec 7, 2011 View full sizeThe Republican | Don TreegerAmeristar Casinos Inc. CEO Gordon R. Kanofsky speaks to an overflow crowd that attended an East Springfield Neighborhood Council meeting Tuesday night at Mary Mother of Hope Church to hear Ameristar's&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Golden Nugget to Acquire Ameristar Casino Lake Charles Development Project ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2013 HOUSTON and LAS VEGAS, July 25, 2013  -- Golden Nugget and Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.  announced today that the companies have entered into a definitive agreement whereby Golden Nugget will acquire all of the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Ameristar Casino dealt to new owner in $869 million deal nwitimes.com - Dec 21, 2012 Pinnacle CEO Anthony Sanfilippo, during a morning conference call with Wall Street analysts, said Pinnacle will stay with current branding for the casinos it acquires for &quot;at least the foreseeable future.&quot; That means the Ameristar name should stay on ...Pinnacle to Buy Ameristar Casinos for $869 Million - New York TimesAmeristar purchase would double Pinnacle's size - STLtoday.com"
p5
aS'Ameristar Casinos drops plans for Springfield casino MassLive.com - Nov 30, 2012 LAS VEGAS, NEV. and SPRINGFIELD, MASS., Friday, Nov. 30, 2012Ameristar Casinos, Inc.  announced today it has decided to terminate its efforts to seek a casino license in western Massachusetts.'
p6
aS"Union fights sale of Ameristar Casino property nwitimes.com - Apr 1, 2016 ... will ask a state administrative law judge to rule that the union is adversely affected by Indiana Gaming Commission approval for Pinnacle to sell its real property to Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc., while Pinnacle remains Ameristar Casino's ..."
p7
aS'2 Casino Stocks Worth Considering Seeking Alpha - Jan 24, 2012 Ameristar Casinos, Inc. operates as a gaming and entertainment company in the United States. The company develops, owns, and operates casino, and related hotel, food and beverage, entertainment, and other facilities.'
p8
aS"Real estate firm buys Ameristar casino in East Chicago nwitimes.com - Jul 21, 2015 EAST CHICAGO | The real estate investment trust Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc. has reached an agreement to buy Pinnacle's casinos, which include Ameristar in East Chicago. The merged company will become the third largest publicly traded real&nbsp;...Pinnacle sells real estate, maintains casino, hotel operations - Chicago TribuneGaming and Leisure Properties  to Acquire Pinnacle Entertainment's (PNK ... - StreetInsider.com"
p9
aS"Casino opens $3.5 million sports bar Chicago Tribune - May 16, 2015 Rosalie Bobby attended the grand opening of Ameristar Casino's new Stadium Sports Bar and Grill on Friday in East Chicago wearing a Cubs jersey, shoes with the Cubs logo and a Cubs purse."
p10
a.