(lp0
S"5.26 MarketWatch - Dec 21, 2009 Amtech Systems, Inc. supplies thermal processing system, including related automation, parts, and services. It manufactures polishing templates, steel carriers, and double-sided polishing and lapping machines to fabricators of light-emitting diode's ..."
p1
aS'Amtech Systems Inc. ASYS  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Amtech Systems Inc.ASYS. Significant News Only. 11 hours ago; Press Release. Amtech to Exhibit at SNEC 11th  International Photovoltaic Power Generation Conference &amp; Exhibition in Shanghai, China April 19-21, 2017.'
p2
aS'Amtech Systems Completes Acquisition of BTU International PR Newswire  - Jan 30, 2015 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Amtech Systems, Inc. , a global supplier of production and automation systems and related supplies for the manufacture of solar cells, semiconductors, and sapphire and silicon wafers, today announced that it has&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Ticker Scope: Tracking Shares of Amtech Systems, Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 15 hours ago Interested investors may be tracking the Piotroski F-Score. Amtech Systems, Inc.  currently has a Piotroski F-Score of 4. The aim of the F-Score is to help discover companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to eliminate the poor&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Traders Take Note: Amtech Systems Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - 21 hours ago Take Note: Amtech Systems Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Amtech Systems: Low-Risk Way To Play The Long-Term Growth Of Solar Seeking Alpha - Dec 2, 2015 Amtech System  is a small semiconductor capital equipment with a large portion of its sales coming from supplying solar cells and panel making equipment to solar producers.'
p6
aS'Amtech Restructures Kingstone Ion Implant Investment; Amtech Subsidiary Enters ... PR Newswire  - Jul 23, 2015 TEMPE, Ariz., July 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Amtech Systems, Inc. , a global supplier of production equipment and related supplies for the solar, semiconductor, and LED markets, today announced that Kingstone Technology Hong Kong&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Amtech Systems, Inc.  Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 The Company operates through three business segments: solar, semiconductor and polishing. The solar segment supplies thermal processing systems, including diffusion; plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition ; atomic layer deposition &nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Amtech Systems Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 30, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Amtech Systems Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p9
aS"Amtech Systems'  CEO Fokko Pentinga on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 11, 2017 After the close of trading today, Amtech released its financial results for the first quarter fiscal year 2017 ended December 31."
p10
a.