(lp0
S'This Is What The Chart For Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p1
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Earnings Continue to Feel the Weight of the Oil Market ... Motley Fool - Feb 6, 2017 The deep and prolonged downturn in the offshore drilling sector continues to plague Atwood Oceanics . Revenue from two of its three offshore drilling fleets has nearly dried up, while revenue from its lucrative ultra-deepwater fleet continues ...Atwood Oceanics Swaps Rigs And Gets New Contract For Atwood Osprey - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Earnings Plunge on Charges, Contract Roll-Offs Motley Fool - Nov 14, 2016 The deepening decline of the offshore drilling market finally caught up with Atwood Oceanics  during its fiscal fourth quarter.Atwood Oceanics: Longs And Shorts Prepare For Decisive Battle In 2017 - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'Better Buy: Seadrill Limited vs. Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 The offshore drilling market has been going through a brutal downturn, which puts tremendous pressure on drilling contractors Seadrill  and Atwood Oceanics . Unfortunately, there are few signs on the horizon that the market will&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Is Up Double Digits Again Today Motley Fool - Dec 9, 2016 Shares of Atwood Oceanics  continued their recent ascent, jumping more than 11% by 10:45 a.m. EST on Friday. The stock is now up 86% over the past month, with the bulk of those gains coming since OPEC signed its agreement to cut output at&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Which Way Traders Signposts Southwestern Energy Company , Atwood Oceanics ... StockNewsJournal - 20 hours ago Atwood Oceanics, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 5.12, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Atwood Oceanics, Inc.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - Markets DailyKeeping tabs on these two stocks can be decisive: Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS"Atwood Oceanics: Further Downside Ahead Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 The case of Atwood Oceanics  highlights the importance of catalysts and shows why you should always look at the real state of things to be better prepared whether you are a long-term investor or a short-term trader.Inside Atwood Oceanics' 1Q17 Results - Market Realist"
p7
aS"Debt-Retirement Gains Keep Atwood Oceanics, Inc.'s Earnings Afloat Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 For evidence, we just need to look at Atwood Oceanics'  deepwater fleet, which has been completely idled, with the result that the company has recorded no revenue from those vessels during its fiscal third quarter.Atwood Oceanics - Complete Fleet Status And Analysis As Of July 27, 2016 - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS"Atwood Oceanics: New Contract For Atwood Osprey Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 As a reminder, the company is facing a backlog cliff and it is still possible that Atwood Osprey will be the only Atwood Oceanics rig actually working in the second half of 2017. Atwood Advantage's contract ends in August 2017, while Atwood Achiever ...Atwood Oceanics awarded with drilling contract offshore Australia - Maritime Herald  Atwood lands follow-up work with Woodside - Offshore Oil and Gas Magazine"
p9
aS"Atwood Oceanics: Prepare For A Hard Landing Seeking Alpha - Sep 13, 2016 Company still optimistic on a timely industry recovery but terms of the latest drilling contract are almost diametrically opposed to management's statements."
p10
a.