(lp0
S"Avid: Update On Initial Coverage Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago These items were separated in the company's financial statements, but I missed them. My bad! Graham and Dodd would not be pleased to see that I made this mistake."
p1
aS"Why Avid Technology Shares Plunged Today Motley Fool - Mar 16, 2017 Since the company's explanation for the delay is somewhat vague, it stokes fears that something is wrong with its accounting or internal financial controls, which may or may not be the case.Avid Technology Inc.  Plunges 16.82% on March 16 - Equities.comTrading updates about Stock: Avid Technology, Inc.  - Is stories"
p2
aS'Levels in View for Avid Technology, Inc.  Baxter Review - 12 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Avid Technology, Inc. . ROIC is a metric that can be used to assess the efficiency of a particular company at allocating controlled capital into investments ...'
p3
aS"BRIEF-Avid Technology Inc files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Why Avid Technology, Inc. Stock Popped Today Fox Business - Jan 31, 2017 Shares of Avid Technology Inc.  were up 12.1% as of 11:30 a.m. EST on Tuesday after the media platform company expanded its its presence in China through an alliance with longtime channel partner Beijing Jetsen Technology.Avid Expands Its Greater China Strategy with Jetsen Alliance - GlobeNewswire '
p5
aS'Avid Technology, Inc.  Upgraded to &quot;Buy&quot; at Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - 3 hours ago Avid Technology logo Avid Technology, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report issued on Tuesday.'
p6
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 NEW YORK, March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC is investigating potential claims on behalf of purchasers of the Avid Technology, Inc.  . Such investors are&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Avid: A Turnaround Story For 2017 Seeking Alpha - Jan 5, 2017 I first heard about Avid Technology  through a contact of mine. Going forward, I'll refer to her as &quot;P."
p8
aS'AVID TECHNOLOGY, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Apr 3, 2017 Avid Technology, Inc. is a provider of an open and integrated technology platform, along with applications and services that enable the creation, distribution and monetization of audio and video content.'
p9
aS'Johnson &amp; Weaver, LLP Files Class Action Suit against Avid Technology, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 22, 2016 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholder rights law firm Johnson &amp; Weaver, LLP announced today that a class action has been commenced in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts on behalf of all purchasers of Avid Technology, Inc.'
p10
a.