(lp0
S'Avistar Communications Monetizes Its Patent Portfolio and Closes Transaction ... Business Wire  - Jan 26, 2010 SAN MATEO, Calif.----Avistar Communications Corporation , a leader in unified visual communications solutions, today announced that it has closed an agreement with Intellectual Ventures Management&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"World Patent Ratings Issues Intangible Asset Valuations Grades On North ... PR Web  - Jan 3, 2017 World Patent Ratings has been a pioneer in calling attention to the irrational valuation of intangible assets held on corporate balance sheets around the world. Through the world's largest repository of intangible asset data, the company has been able ..."
p2
aS'Merrill Corporation Names Doug Cullen Senior Vice President and Head of ... Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2015 ST. PAUL, Minn.----Merrill Corporation , a global provider of secure content sharing, regulated communications and compliance services, has named Doug Cullen Senior Vice President and Head of Solution Sales.'
p3
aS"Pneuron CEO: The BI Market is a 'Shambles,' We Can Help Barron's  - Jul 6, 2016 Moss had previously been head of communications software maker Avistar Communications . But the more relevant experience is having run analytics company Mantas Inc., which was backed by .... If the Web is being used more and more for the basic ..."
p4
aS'2 killed in apartment shootout during apparent robbery attempt mySanAntonio.com - Jun 25, 2014 SAN ANTONIO -- Two people are dead after a shootout overnight in an apartment near the University of Texas at San Antonio. At least two people kicked in a door just before 2:30 a.m.'
p5
aS'Why We Love Wild Penny Stocks Motley Fool - Feb 20, 2007 Just take a look at the returns from Avistar Communications  and Emvelco  , which have each more than doubled since the beginning of the year.'
p6
aS'Staying Professional in Virtual Meetings New York Times - Sep 25, 2010 But if you are at a virtual meeting only to listen, some multitasking is fine, says Bob Preston, chief collaboration officer at Polycom, a telepresence, video and voice communications company in Pleasanton, Calif. ... but there is usually a smaller ...'
p7
aS'Video conferencing software and hardware: Hybrid approach needed TechTarget - Feb 14, 2013 Avistar recently announced its ConnectWare Conferencing platform -- a cloud-based technology designed for Avistar partners -- like IBM and Citrix -- to bolster their video conferencing capabilities with software-based components.'
p8
aS'SAFD rescues family of 3 during massive apartment fire on North Side mySanAntonio.com - Apr 21, 2016 San Antonio Fire Department Chief Charles Hood said crews were called out the fire at the Avistar at the Crest apartment complex in the 12600 block of Uhr Lane around 12:41 a.m.. The first crews to arrive at the scene found heavy fire tearing through a ...'
p9
aS"Meridian Mining Reports on Encouraging Bom Futuro Joint Venture Tailings ... Canada NewsWire  - Feb 15, 2017 Coopersanta's long-term geological consultancy - Avistar - estimates that, through the entire project area, there are 85 million cubic metres of rejects in active and inactive tailings ponds covering 3,548 ha."
p10
a.