(lp0
S"Moody's rates Allied World Assurance senior notes at Baa1; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Oct 27, 2015 New York, October 26, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service has assigned a Baa1 rating to the 10-year 4.35% senior notes issued by Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd  and guaranteed by the ultimate parent Allied World&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"AWAC  Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd.: Allied World Shareholders ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 22, 2017 ZUG, Switzerland---- Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG   announced today that its shareholders have approved both of the proposals that were voted on at the company's special shareholder&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'AM Best Places Credit Ratings of Allied World Assurance Company, AG and Its ... Yahoo Finance - Dec 20, 2016 Additionally, A.M. Best has placed under review with negative implications the Long-Term ICRs of bbb+ of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG   [NYSE:AWH] and Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd. Lastly,&nbsp;...Why Allied World Assurance Co. Holdings, AG. Stock Is Up 12% Today - Motley Fool'
p3
aS'Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Given Average Rating of ... Sports Perspectives - 18 hours ago Allied World Assurance Company Holdings logo Shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  have been assigned a consensus recommendation of Hold from the nine brokerages that are currently covering the company.Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Set to Announce Quarterly ... - The Cerbat Gem$0.63 EPS Expected for Allied World Assurance Company Hldgs Ltd , WPX ... - HuronReport'
p4
aS'AWAC  Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd.: Allied World Schedules ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 6, 2017 ZUG, Switzerland---- Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  today announced that it will release its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017, after the close of market on Wednesday, April 26, 2017.'
p5
aS"Moody's affirms Allied World Assurance; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Apr 24, 2015 The Baa1 senior debt rating for the Bermuda holding company, Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, Ltd, reflects the overall group's manageable debt leverage and expectation of ample credit support from the operations, subject to regulatory dividend&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled ... Nasdaq - Dec 15, 2016 Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG  will begin trading ex-dividend on December 16, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.26 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 29, ... AWH is a part of the Finance sector, which includes ...'
p7
aS'Why Allied World Assurance Co. Holdings, AG Stock Is Soaring Today Motley Fool - Jul 20, 2016 What: Shares of Allied World Assurance Co Holdings  are soaring by more than 13% at 11:30 a.m. EDT as the company beat analyst expectations in the second quarter.Allied World reports $10.3 million in reinsurance catastrophe losses from Fort ... - Canadian Underwriter'
p8
aS"OMERS injects $1 billion into Fairfax's Allied World deal to tap into global ... Financial Post - Jan 27, 2017 OMERS, the pension plan for Ontario's municipal employees, is making its largest investment in an insurance company to date by injecting US$1 billion to help fund Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd.'s $4.9 billion purchase of Allied World Assurance Company&nbsp;...Canada Pension Fund OMERS to Invest $1B in Fairfax's Allied World Purchase - Insurance JournalOMERS backs Fairfax's Allied World buy with $1 billion - PE Hub  "
p9
aS'Norges Bank Invests $48.51 Million in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings ... Sports Perspectives - Apr 11, 2017 Allied World Assurance Company Holdings logo Norges Bank acquired a new position in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund acquired 903,192&nbsp;...Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd  Receives Consensus ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.