(lp0
S'Armstrong World Industries jumps after guidance beats CNBC - Feb 27, 2017 Shares of Armstrong World Industries soared more than 11 percent after the company gave full-year guidance above analyst expectations.'
p1
aS"Analyst Activity  Instinet Raises Its Price Target On Armstrong World ... Market Exclusive - 15 hours ago Armstrong World Industries, Inc.  is a global producer of ceiling systems. The Company owns and operates the Building Products  segment.Armstrong World Industries Inc  Price Target Increased to $26.00 by ... - The Cerbat GemArmstrong World Industries'  Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Instinet - Markets Daily"
p2
aS'Armstrong World Industries Reports First Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - May 9, 2016 LANCASTER, Pa., May 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Armstrong World Industries, Inc. , a global leader in the design and manufacture of innovative commercial and residential ceiling, wall and suspension system solutions, today reported first quarter&nbsp;...First numbers reported since split of Armstrong World, Armstrong Flooring - Central Penn Business Journal'
p3
aS'Armstrong World Industries Acquires Tectum, Inc. Nasdaq - Jan 16, 2017 LANCASTER, Pa., January 16, 2017 - Armstrong World Industries, Inc.  today announced the completion of its previously disclosed acquisition of the business and assets of Tectum, Inc. .Armstrong World completes Tectum Inc. purchase - Central Penn Business Journal'
p4
aS"Armstrong World Industries Completes Tectum Acquisition Zacks.com - Jan 17, 2017 However, Armstrong World's share price performance has underperformed the Zacks categorized Building &amp; Construction Products - Miscellaneous industry in the past one year owing to lower commodity prices &amp; weakness in international markets. The stock&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Market Focus: Zooming in on Shares of Armstrong World Industries, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 5 hours ago Armstrong World Industries, Inc.  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 2409335. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p6
aS'Armstrong World Industries  Victor Grizzle on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 30, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 Armstrong World Industries Inc. Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Armstrong World Industries Inc  versus Continental ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Armstrong World Industries Inc  versus Continental Building Products Inc  .'
p8
aS'Guess Who Picked Armstrong World Industries Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Apr 4, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Armstrong World Industries, Inc.  is a global producer of ceiling systems.Armstrong World Industries Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p9
aS"Is Armstrong World Industries Inc's  stock available for good price when ... Simply Wall St - Mar 29, 2017 Armstrong World Industries Inc  is a stock well positioned for future growth, but many investors are wondering whether its last closing price of $45.1 is based on unrealistic expectations."
p10
a.