(lp0
S"CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in American Water Works Company ... BNB Daily  - Apr 16, 2017 American Water Works Company logo CrestPoint Capital Management LLC lowered its position in American Water Works Company Inc  by 5.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 3,400 shares of the company's&nbsp;...Peoples Financial Services CORP. Reduces Position in American Water Works ... - Markets DailyRevenue Approximations Analysis: American Water Works Company, Inc. (AWK ... - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS"4 Things You Probably Didn't Know About American Water Works Company (or Its ... Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2017 4 Things You Probably Didn't Know About American Water Works Company  ... American Water Works Company  is the largest and most geographically diverse publicly traded water and wastewater utility in the United States. ... The ...American Water Subsidiary Acquires Shorelands Water Company - Zacks.comChecking the Overall Picture for American Water Works Company, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS"Why You Should  Buy American Water Works Company, Inc. Motley Fool - Dec 21, 2016 It sustains life, covers some 71% of the Earth's surface, and is one of those things you take for granted until you can't get any to come out of the tap."
p3
aS'American Water Works Dividend Stock Analysis 2016 Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 With a customer base of 15M people and 49,000 miles of pipelines, the company provides one of the most essential services for human survivability: water. The company is a dividend grower since 2008, raising dividends an average of 8% annually, and has&nbsp;...10 Great Reasons to Buy American Water Works Stock and Never Sell - Motley FoolJim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Constellation Brands, American Water Works And ... - Benzinga'
p4
aS'American Water Works: The Rising Tide And Choppy Waters Seeking Alpha - Jun 15, 2016 American Water Works Company, Inc.  is the largest water utility company in the United States, and is based in New Jersey.'
p5
aS"5 Reasons Aqua America Is A Far Better Investment Than American Water Works Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 American Water Works and Aqua America are this country's two largest publicly traded water utilities. Their regulated monopoly businesses are the definition of recession-immune and both companies have a great history of enriching shareholders. A ..."
p6
aS"What analysts think about the future of American Water Works Company Inc's ... Simply Wall St - Apr 3, 2017 American Water Works Company Inc  is expected to grow its earnings 15.4% over the next year. What are the important facts you need to know?"
p7
aS"American Water Works: Buy Or Sell? Seeking Alpha - Jul 13, 2016 American Water Works  is the largest water utility company in the United States, and it has become one of America's most popular green companies. Over the past five years, it has rocketed up in price for a total gain of 182%, 40% of which has&nbsp;...American Water Works CFO Linda Sullivan Interviewed by Advisor Access - Marketwired "
p8
aS'American Water Sustains Growth, Buys Sadorus Water System Nasdaq - Mar 31, 2017 Illinois American Water, a subsidiary of water utility American Water Works Company Inc . AWK , has completed the acquisition of the Village of Sadorus water system for $240,000.American Water Works Company Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 31 - Equities.comIs It Time to go for Motorola Solutions, Inc. , American Water Works ... - StockNewsJournal'
p9
aS'Invest In Water Part 11: American Water Works Is Not Blue Gold Seeking Alpha - Jul 28, 2016 American Water Works is one of the best water utility firms on earth, unfortunately, investors hype the firm above its expectations.'
p10
a.