(lp0
S'Market: The Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc.  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 According to Zacks, Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc. is focused on developing and commercializing instrumentation for the rapid identification and antibiotic susceptibility testing of infectious pathogens.'
p1
aS"Cramer Likes Accelerate Diagnostics Inc Benzinga - Apr 3, 2016 CNBC Mad Money's Jim Cramer spoke on the show on Friday about Accelerate Diagnostics Inc . The company is developing diagnostics platform that can identify bacteria and viruses and figure out the best treatment for a patient much&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Why Accelerate Diagnostics Inc Is Soaring Today Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Accelerate announced that the FDA has granted the company's de novo request to allow the marketing of the Accelerate Pheno system and Accelerate PhenoTest BC kit. The de novo classification process calls for an expedited FDA review of new devices that&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Looking at the Metrics on Shares of Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc.  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc. .Technical Roundup On Two Stocks - Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc. , Hugoton ... - Post AnalystAccelerate Diagnostics Inc  Given $29.00 Average Price Target by Analysts - BBNS'
p4
aS'Accelerate Diagnostics Submits De Novo Request to FDA for Accelerate Pheno ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 11, 2016 TUCSON, Ariz., July 11, 2016  -- Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc.  announced today the submission of a De Novo request for Evaluation of Automatic Class III Designation to the U.S.'
p5
aS"District Court Dismisses Lawsuit Against Accelerate Diagnostics GlobeNewswire  - Jan 29, 2016 TUCSON, Ariz., Jan. 29, 2016  -- Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc.   announced today that the United States District Court for the District of Arizona granted Accelerate Diagnostics' Motion to Dismiss&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Accelerate Diagnostics Completes Clinical Data Collection, Will Present Data ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 15, 2016 TUCSON, Ariz., June 14, 2016  -- Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc.  announced today the completion of clinical data collection intended for submission to the FDA in conjunction with its de novo 510k request for premarket&nbsp;...Accelerate Diagnostics closing in on regulatory application for Pheno system ... - Seeking AlphaBTIG Sees Latest Accelerate Disanostics'  Accelerate Pheno Data as ... - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS'GenMark, T2 And Accelerate Diagnostics Impress Analysts At Microbiology Forum Benzinga - Jun 27, 2016 Canaccord Genuity provided some remarks on three companies after attending the &quot;American Society for Microbiology&quot; forum.'
p8
aS"Accelerate Diagnostics  Looks Good: Stock Up 7.5% Yahoo Finance - Feb 27, 2017 Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc. AXDX was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise above 7% on the day.Accelerate Diagnostics'  CEO Lawrence Mehren on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'Accelerate Diagnostics Achieves CE-IVD Milestone for ID/AST System and ID/AST ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 1, 2015 TUCSON, Ariz., June 30, 2015  -- Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc., announced today its declaration of conformity to the European In Vitro Diagnostic Directive 98/79 EC and CE Mark of the Accelerate ID/AST System and ID/AST Blood Culture&nbsp;...'
p10
a.