(lp0
S"Can American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc's  Debt Pose A Serious ... Simply Wall St - 2 hours ago Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc  with its market cap of USD $1.85 Billion.Checking the Overall Picture for American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal$0.91 Earnings Per Share Expected for American Axle &amp; Manufact. Holdings, Inc ... - Markets Daily"
p1
aS"Commit To Purchase American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings At $13, Earn 7.9 ... Nasdaq - Apr 11, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc  shares, but tentative about paying the going market price of $16.68/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at ...Time To Get Cautious? - Danaher Corporation , American Axle ... - USA Commerce DailyAmerican Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.'s  stock price is Currently ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p2
aS"American Axle completes $3.3 billion acquisition of Metaldyne Crain's Detroit Business - Apr 6, 2017 American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc. completed its $3.3 billion acquisition of Southfield-based Metaldyne Performance Group Inc. from private equity firm American Securities LLC, the Detroit-based supplier announced Thursday.AAM Completes Acquisition of MPG - PR Newswire Howes: American Axle taking next step in Dauch journey - The Detroit News"
p3
aS"American Axle to buy Metaldyne for $3.3 billion Automotive News   - Nov 3, 2016 DETROIT -- American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc. agreed to acquire Metaldyne Performance Group Inc. for $3.3 billion in cash, stock and debt assumption, creating a supplier with a broad lineup of drivetrain, driveline and powertrain components ...American Axle to buy Metaldyne in $3.3 billion deal - Crain's Detroit BusinessAmerican Axle's $1.6 billion Metaldyne buy to help grow beyond GM - Reuters"
p4
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Tesla, Tencent Holdings, American Axle ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 11, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Tesla, Inc. , Tencent Holdings Ltd. , American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  and Allison Transmission Holdings,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jason Parsons, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Parsons. Jason P. Parsons - American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us ...American Axle fourth-quarter earnings drop, but up overall in 2016 - Crain's Detroit BusinessAAM Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results - PR Newswire "
p6
aS"BRIEF-American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings - shareholder class action ... Ward's Auto - Mar 29, 2017 March 29  - American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc: * American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings - on March 22, shareholder class action lawsuit was filed against Metaldyne Performance Group, members of MPG'S board * American Axle&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'The Charts Expose On American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  Is ... NY Stock News - Apr 4, 2017 The technicals for American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p8
aS"American Axle, MPG deal likely to close within weeks The Detroit News - Mar 23, 2017 Detroit - American Axle and Manufacturing Holdings Inc.'s acquisition of Metaldyne Performance Group Inc. is set to close within weeks, American Axle's president said Thursday. Both automotive suppliers have scheduled shareholder approval votes for&nbsp;...American Axle  Down 7.7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? - Zacks.comBuy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings ... - StockNewsJournal"
p9
aS"The Bears And Bulls Square Off On American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc ... NY Stock News - Apr 5, 2017 American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment.American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings Inc. performed Poor with a change of -1 ... - Free ObserverWhy Investors remained confident on American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings ... - StockNewsJournal"
p10
a.