(lp0
S'Boeing laying off hundreds more engineers USA TODAY - 14 hours ago Boeing Co. plans to lay off hundreds of engineers amid slowing aircraft sales, the company announced Monday. The workforce reduction scheduled for June 23 comes after the Chicago-based manufacturer laid off about 1,800 mechanics and engineers&nbsp;...Boeing plans additional layoffs, but not at North Charleston facilities - Charleston Post Courier'
p1
aS"Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow 24/7 Wall St. - 15 hours ago The Boeing Co.  will shed more employees as it faces new orders and production slow down for some of the company's current commercial jets."
p2
aS'Boeing cruising ahead of Airbus on orders in 2017 Wichita Business Journal - Apr 6, 2017 Airbus set a company record for deliveries in 2016 with 688 for the year, though Boeing won 2016 with its 748 commercial airplane deliveries.'
p3
aS'Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday 24/7 Wall St. - 14 hours ago The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was The Boeing Co.  which traded up 1.88% at $178.74.'
p4
aS"Boeing's commercial jets hold key to company's defense future Washington Business Journal - Apr 4, 2017 The Boeing Co.  took a lot of heat when it lost the contract for the next generation bomber last year 15 years after its unsuccessful bid to build the next fighter - effectively shutting it out from the combat aircraft market for the ..."
p5
aS'Boeing Co  Shares Bought by Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Boeing logo Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing Co  by 2.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.Horizon Kinetics LLC Continues to Hold Position in Boeing Co  - Sports PerspectivesBoeing Co  Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC - BBNS'
p6
aS'Boeing deliveries fall in Q1 Wichita Business Journal - Apr 6, 2017 Deliveries of commercial aircraft by the Boeing Co. declined in the first quarter when compared to 2016, the second straight year of such a year-over year drop.Boeing reports drop in first-quarter plane deliveries - Channel NewsAsiaWhy Is Boeing  Up 4.6% Since the Last Earnings Report? - Zacks.com'
p7
aS"Eco-devo darling Plano lands Boeing Wichita Business Journal - Apr 5, 2017 Boeing said it chose Plano - once a rumored potential landing spot for Cargill Inc.'s Wichita-based protein business - because of its central location in Boeing's U.S. footprint, its proximity to major operations of the company's commercial customers ...Boeing selects Plano as site for new Global Services Headquarters - Star Local MediaAerospace giant Boeing to create global services HQ at Plano's Legacy West - Dallas Business Journal"
p8
aS'Boeing boosts list prices for North Charleston-made 787s, other planes Charleston Post Courier - Mar 27, 2017 Boeing Co. is bumping up the catalog prices on its 787 and all other commercial jetliners, the first across-the-board increase in almost two years.'
p9
aS'Slideshow: New Boeing prices compared to Airbus Wichita Business Journal - Apr 3, 2017 The move by Boeing  follows that of rival Airbus, which raised its own average list prices by one percent in January.'
p10
a.