(lp0
S'Books-A-Million Inc. agrees to go private in $21M deal Birmingham Business Journal - Jul 14, 2015 The Anderson family has struck a $21 million deal to take Books-A-Million Inc. private. Books-A-Million  said Monday it has agreed to be acquired by a newly organized entity created by the Anderson family, including Books-A-Million&nbsp;...Books-A-Million, Inc. Announces Definitive Acquisition Agreement - Business Wire Books-A-Million in $21 Million Buyout Deal With Chairman - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS'Books-A-Million, Inc. Completes Go-Private Transaction Business Wire  - Dec 10, 2015 BIRMINGHAM, Ala.----Books-A-Million, Inc.   today announced the completion of its acquisition by Clyde B. Anderson, executive chairman of the Company, certain family members and related parties of Mr.'
p2
aS'Books-A-Million: Deep Value In Retail Seeking Alpha - Oct 7, 2013 I believe the undervaluation of Books-A-Million, Inc.   presents an attractive opportunity for smaller value-focused investors/funds.'
p3
aS'Should You Let Books-A-Million Go Private? Seeking Alpha - Nov 25, 2015 Family controlled Books-A-Million operates 256 Books-A-Million and 2nd and Charles retail stores in addition to 42 Company-owned and franchised Yogurt Mountain locations.Books-A-Million, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Results - Business Wire '
p4
aS'Books-A-Million, Inc. Stockholders Approve Merger Business Wire  - Dec 8, 2015 BIRMINGHAM, Ala.----Books-A-Million, Inc.   today announced that its stockholders adopted, at a special stockholder meeting held today, the previously announced merger agreement pursuant to which&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Books-A-Million, Inc. Announces Management Promotions Business Wire  - Aug 29, 2011 BIRMINGHAM, Ala.----Books-A-Million today announced management promotions. Terrance G. Finley, formerly Executive Vice President/Chief Merchandising Officer, has been named President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company,&nbsp;...Books-A-Million elevates Terry Finley to president's post - The Birmingham News - al.com "
p6
aS"Books-A-Million, Inc. Announces New Director Business Wire  - Nov 13, 2014 BIRMINGHAM, Ala.----Books-A-Million, Inc.  today announced that the Company's Board of Directors has appointed Ronald J. Domanico to serve as a member of the Board and a member of the Audit Committee of the&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Books-A-Million, Inc. Welcomes James Phelps as VP of eCommerce Business Wire  - Aug 27, 2014 BIRMINGHAM, Ala.----Leading U.S. bookstore chain and online bookseller, Books-A-Million, Inc. , announces today the exciting addition of veteran eCommerce director James Phelps to the Books-A-Million team.'
p8
aS'Special Committee of Board of Directors of Books-A-Million, Inc. Retains ... Business Wire  - Mar 3, 2015 BIRMINGHAM, Ala.----Books-A-Million, Inc.  , announced today that its Special Committee of independent directors  consisting of Edward W. Wilhelm  and Ronald J.'
p9
aS'Go-Private Deal Of Books-A-Million: Say No In December! Seeking Alpha - Nov 12, 2015 On December 8, 2015, the family of the founder of the book retailing company Books-A-Million, Inc.   will once again attempt to privatize the company.'
p10
a.