(lp0
S"Banc Of California's Earnings Show Is Over Seeking Alpha - 21 hours ago We believe Banc of California's  true position can be assessed by analyzing two factors in-depth: 1) the majority of BANC's income appears to be derived from non-recurring (i.Banc of California Inc  Receives $22.67 Average Price Target from Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem$0.28 Earnings Per Share Expected for Banc of California Inc  This Quarter - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS"Can Banc of California Inc's  ROE Continue To Surpass The Industry Average? Simply Wall St - 21 hours ago While Banc of California Inc's  14.1% ROE was above the industry average of 9.3%, the role of leverage must also be considered."
p2
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Banc of California, Inc. , Flowers ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Banc of California, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at - in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 0 ..."
p3
aS'Banc of California  Appoint Mary Curran &amp; Bonnie Hill to Board Following ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 4, 2017 Banc of California, Inc.  today announced that Mary Curran and Bonnie Hill have been appointed to its Board of Directors .Banc of California Inc  Stake Maintained by Teachers Retirement System ... - BNB Daily State Street Corp Raises Stake in Banc of California Inc  - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'One must not overlook these names while making investment: Banc of California ... The USA Commerce - 22 hours ago On the close of 04/13/2017 Banc of California, Inc.  dropped -1.64% to hit $21.05. During the session shares stayed in the range from $21.45 to $20.90.'
p5
aS"BANC OF CALIFORNIA, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Apr 3, 2017 The Bank's deposit product and service offerings include checking, savings, money market, certificates of deposit, retirement accounts, as well as online, telephone and mobile banking, automated bill payment, cash and treasury management, master demand&nbsp;...Banc of California Inc  Short Interest Update - The Cerbat GemJeffrey T. Seabold Sells 10000 Shares of Banc of California Inc  Stock - Chaffey Breeze"
p6
aS'March 24 Deadline Alert: Law Offices of Howard G. Smith Reminds Banc of ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 Law Offices of Howard G. Smith reminds investors of the upcoming March 24, 2017 deadline to file a lead plaintiff motion in the class action filed on behalf of a class of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Banc of California, Inc. (Banc of ...'
p7
aS'Banc of California Inc Risk Points versus Financials CML News - Apr 7, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Banc of California Inc  compared to its own past and the Financials ETF.'
p8
aS'Banc of California, Inc.  And Its Technicals Provide Timely Picture NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 The technicals for Banc of California, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p9
aS'Are Options Traders Betting on a Big Move in Banc Of California  Stock? Yahoo Finance - Apr 12, 2017 Investors in shares of Banc Of California, Inc. BANC need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately.'
p10
a.