(lp0
S'Western Alliance Bancorporation and Bridge Capital Holdings Agree to Merge Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2015 PHOENIX &amp; SAN JOSE, Calif.----Western Alliance Bancorporation  and Bridge Capital Holdings  announced today that they have signed a definitive agreement pursuant to which Western Alliance&nbsp;...Western Alliance to buy California bank, focus on tech - azcentral.com'
p1
aS'Western Alliance Bancorporation and Bridge Capital Holdings Complete Merger Business Wire  - Jul 1, 2015 PHOENIX----Western Alliance Bancorporation  today completed its merger with Bridge Capital Holdings . Bridge Bank, National Association, the operating subsidiary of Bridge Capital Holdings, has been&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Brokers Release Average Price Target Of 28.50 On Bridge Capital Holdings ... UK Market News - Jan 31, 2017 Bridge Capital Holdings is the bank holding company for Bridge Bank, National Association . The Bank's lending solutions include working capital lines of credit, structured finance , 7 and 504 Small ..."
p3
aS"Exclusive: Chinese government money backs buyout firm's deal for US chip maker Reuters - Nov 28, 2016 The only investor in Canyon Bridge is a unit of China Venture Capital Fund Co Ltd, according to a filing made by Lattice to the U.S.Lattice Deal May Hit A Snag - EE Times"
p4
aS'Bridge Capital Holdings  Receives An Update From Brokers The De Soto Edge - Feb 23, 2017 05/01/2015 - Bridge Capital Holdings had its  rating reiterated by analysts at Zacks. They now have a USD 30 price target on the stock.'
p5
aS'Analysts See $0.00 EPS for Manhattan Bridge Capital Inc. ; Last Week ... Key Gazette - Apr 12, 2017 Analysts expect Manhattan Bridge Capital Inc.  to report $0.00 EPS on May, 1. About 14,097 shares traded. ... It increased, as 5 investors sold Lakeland Financial Corporation shares while 40 reduced holdings. 24 funds opened positions&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'China: C-Bridge backs pharma merger; Dadao closes Series B DEALSTREETASIA - Mar 24, 2017 January 2016 saw C-Bridge invest $100 million in Chinese biotech firm Ascletis, which develops drugs to treat infectious diseases including Hepatitis C and related cancers.'
p7
aS'Governor Jeb Bush Joins Vertical Bridge Board of Directors PR Newswire  - Mar 22, 2017 &quot;Governor Bush understands and appreciates the need for greater wireless telecommunications infrastructure,&quot; said Marc Ganzi, Executive Chairman of Vertical Bridge and co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Digital Bridge Holdings, LLC, Vertical ...Jeb Bush named board member at Boca Raton-based Vertical Bridge - Sun Sentinel'
p8
aS'Cobalt Power Group Announces Investor Relations Engagement Yahoo Finance - 29 minutes ago V) is pleased to announce engaging the services of Brisco Capital Partners Corporation as part of its 2017 investor relations strategy.'
p9
aS'Digital Bridge, PSP Investments and TIAA buy Vantage Data Centers PE Hub   - Mar 27, 2017 A consortium that includes Digital Bridge Holdings LLC, Public Sector Pension Investment Board and TIAA Investments has acquired Silicon Valley-based Vantage Data Centers, a provider of data center solutions in support of mission-critical applications.PSP Investments, Digital Bridge and TIAA Buyout Vantage Data Centers - Sovereign Wealth Fund InstituteVantage Data Centers Acquired by Investors Led By Digital Bridge - Data Center Frontier '
p10
a.