(lp0
S'Barrett Business Services Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Apr 16, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Barrett Business Services Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p1
aS"Barrett Business Services'  CEO Mike Elich on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Good morning and afternoon everyone and thank you for participating in today's conference call to discuss BBSI's Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2016.Barrett Business Services Inc  Delivered A Better ROE Than The Industry ... - Simply Wall StBarrett Business Services Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 08 - Equities.com"
p2
aS"Investigation Launched into Workers' Comp Services Provider BBSI Insurance Journal - Nov 10, 2015 A financial investigation is underway into Barrett Business Services Inc. , a giant professional employer organization that deals with many workers' compensation carriers.Independent auditor finds possible illegal activity at Vancouver staffing firm - Puget Sound Business Journal  "
p3
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Barrett Business Services Inc Stock ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Barrett Business Services Inc  has seen its stock price move at an amplified level.'
p4
aS"Barrett Business Services'  CEO Mike Elich on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 10, 2016 Good morning and afternoon everyone, and thank you for participating in today's conference call to discuss BBSI's Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended June 30th, 2016."
p5
aS'Barrett Business Services  Appoints Vincent Price to Board of Directors StreetInsider.com - Dec 20, 2016 BBSI Chairman Anthony Meeker commented: &quot;Vince is a highly seasoned executive who brings a wealth of corporate, financial and insurance expertise to our board.'
p6
aS"Barrett Business Services faces SEC investigation for accounting practices Portland Business Journal - May 14, 2015 A Vancouver, Washington-based company said this week it's being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Barrett Business Services Inc.  revealed in its quarterly report that staff of the SEC's San Francisco office of the&nbsp;...Barrett Business Services faces SEC probe over workers' comp - The Seattle TimesBarrett Business Services  Sinks on SEC Formal Order of Investigation - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS'Leslie Yoest joins Barrett Business Services Inc. Idaho Business Review - Sep 23, 2016 Leslie-Headshot Leslie Yoest has been named the new senior business development manager for Barrett Business Services Inc., located in Meridian.'
p8
aS"BARRETT BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 29, 2017 BBSI's core purpose is to advocate for business owners, particularly in the small and mid-sized business segment."
p9
aS'Barrett Business Services  Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 16, 2017 Barrett Business Services logo News articles about Barrett Business Services  have been trending somewhat positive this week, Alpha One reports.Barrett Business Services, Inc.  Short Interest Update - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.