(lp0
S"Bonanza Creek Energy's Bankruptcy Plan Is Approved - What Is The Common Worth? Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 During the last several years, I have traded or invested in Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  a few times. Mostly recently, I have been monitoring the BCEI's bankruptcy case, particularly after Bill Barrett Group  expressed an interest in&nbsp;...Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  Is A Smart Turnaround Play - Insider FinancialBonanza Creek Energy to exit bankruptcy after court approval - BizWest Media"
p1
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy seeks to wipe out $850 million in bad debt The Denver Post - Dec 23, 2016 Bonanza Creek Energy said Friday it will pursue a prepackaged bankruptcy filing at the start of the year in an effort to clear out more than $850 million in debt and start 2017 on a stronger financial footing.Bonanza Creek, other US energy firms announce Chapter 11 plans - Reuters'
p2
aS'Is Bonanza Creek Energy In Serious Trouble? Seeking Alpha - Sep 19, 2016 Investors were relieved that Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  paid its interest payment in late Aug. after using the 30-day grace period for the interest payment that was due Aug. 1. There are a number of issues that will come to head in ...'
p3
aS"Bonanza Creek Investors Slam Ch. 11 Terms At Del. Hearing Law360  - Apr 3, 2017 Law360, Wilmington  -- Bonanza Creek Energy Inc.'s large stockholders accused the company's officers and directors Monday of breaching their corporate duties in drafting their contested Delaware Chapter 11 plan in the ...Noteworthy Stock to Watch For: Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  - StandardOracleBonanza Creek Energy Inc. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournal"
p4
aS"Bonanza Creek Noteholders Push For Ch. 11 Rights Offering Law360  - Mar 30, 2017 Law360, Wilmington  -- Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. unsecured noteholders argued Wednesday that the rights offering at the center of the oil producer's Chapter 11 plan to restructure roughly $1 billion in debt is a slam dunk ..."
p5
aS'Bankrupt Bonanza Creek reports bigger Q4 loss Denver Business Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Bonanza Creek Energy Inc., which said it plans to emerge from bankruptcy protection in the first half of this year, reported a bigger fourth-quarter loss.Bonanza Creek Energy Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial and ... - Yahoo FinanceBonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market Exclusive'
p6
aS"Denver energy company shows interest in bankrupt Bonanza Creek Denver Business Journal - Jan 17, 2017 &quot;Bill Barrett Corporation has entered into a confidentiality agreement with Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. pertaining to BCEI's Chapter 11 proceeding, and has indicated its interest in a combination transaction involving the company and a reorganized BCEI ...Bill Barrett Corporation  Entered Confidentiality Agreement with Bonanza ... - StreetInsider.com"
p7
aS"Bonanza Creek Equity Holders Tear Into Ch. 11 Plan Law360  - Mar 10, 2017 Law360, Wilmington  -- An ad hoc group of equity holders in the Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. bankruptcy blasted the oil and gas producer's Chapter 11 plan Thursday, arguing it is a brazen attempt to shift value away from&nbsp;...Consensus Earnings Estimate for Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. - Energy Index"
p8
aS'Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  Downgraded to &quot;Sell&quot; at Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - 5 hours ago Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning.Stock Returns: Bonanza Creek Energy Inc  versus TransGlobe Energy ... - CML NewsBonanza Creek Energy  Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows - Markets Daily'
p9
aS"Bonanza Creek Stock Almost Tripled From Bankruptcy Announcement Lows Seeking Alpha - Jan 10, 2017 There seems to be a disconnect between the valuation of Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.  stock and the valuation of the company's debt."
p10
a.