(lp0
S'Market: The Black Diamond, Inc.  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 According to Zacks, Black Diamond, Inc., formerly known as Clarus Corporation, operates as a manufacturer and distributor of outdoor recreation equipment and active lifestyle products.'
p1
aS'Is Black Diamond Inc  Financially Strong Enough To Weather A Storm? Simply Wall St - Mar 30, 2017 Companies with small market capitalization such as Black Diamond Inc , while they can deliver high growth, financial strength is the deciding element in their long-term existence.Black Diamond Inc  Downgraded by Stifel Nicolaus - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'Black Diamond: Trading At 25% Discount To Peer Relative Value Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 Black Diamond Inc is a premium retailer earning various awards for quality with growing domestic sales in climbing and mountain products yet shares trade at a discount to peers.Revenue Update on Black Diamond Inc - Money Flow Index & TrendsZacks Investment Research downgraded Black Diamond Inc  to Sell in ... - Breaking Finance News'
p3
aS'Short Interest in Black Diamond Inc  Decreases By 1.3% Markets Daily - 18 hours ago Black Diamond logo Black Diamond Inc  was the recipient of a significant decrease in short interest during the month of March.Stock Analyst Price Target Update on Black Diamond, Inc.  - Rockville RegisterSomewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Black Diamond (BDE ... - BBNS'
p4
aS'What are analysts saying now about Black Diamond, Inc. ? The Herald - Apr 15, 2017 Investors have the ability to track analyst projections in order to help put together valuable information. Out of the 4 covering equity analysts offering share ratings for Black Diamond, Inc. , 1 have shares rated as a Strong Buy while 0 ...'
p5
aS'Black Diamond Equipment Appoints Rick Vance as Quality Director GlobeNewswire  - Jul 27, 2016 SALT LAKE CITY, July 27, 2016  -- Black Diamond Equipment, a global innovator in climbing, skiing, mountain sports equipment and apparel, and a subsidiary of Black Diamond, Inc.  , has appointed Rick&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Decision Time: Black Diamond Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Decision Time: Black Diamond Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p7
aS'The Consensus Has Spoken: Ratings update on Black Diamond, Inc.  The Herald - Apr 14, 2017 Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable information. Out of the 4 covering sell-side analysts giving share ratings for Black Diamond, Inc. , 1 have pegged the stock as a Strong Buy while 0 ...'
p8
aS'Black Diamond Returns To Core Focus For 2017 SGB Media    - Mar 8, 2017 Following a year marked by restructuring activities, Black Diamond Inc. believes a growing retailer confidence in its refocus back on core Black Diamond product will lead to a rebound in sales in 2017.'
p9
aS'Analyst Tracker: Black Diamond, Inc.  in Focus The Herald - Apr 14, 2017 Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable information. Out of the 4 covering sell-side analysts giving share ratings for Black Diamond, Inc. , 1 have pegged the stock as a Strong Buy while 0 ...'
p10
a.