(lp0
S"Three local stores among Bebe closures; 40 facing layoffs Sacramento Bee - Apr 11, 2017 Amid extensive reports that it will close all 170 of its brick-and-mortar stores, Brisbane-based women's apparel retailer Bebe Stores Inc. has posted notice that it will lay off a combined 40 employees at its three Sacramento-area sites. Like other ..."
p1
aS"Bebe Plans to Shut Its Stores and Focus on Web Sales Bloomberg - Mar 21, 2017 Bebe Stores Inc., a women's apparel chain with locations across the U.S., is planning to shut its stores and seek a turnaround as an online brand, according to people familiar with the situation.bebe stores, inc. Exploring Strategic Alternatives - Yahoo FinanceRetail chain Bebe hires restructuring advisers - MarketWatch"
p2
aS"Bebe Stores Dismissing Hundreds of Employees Apparel News - Apr 11, 2017 Bebe Stores Inc., which has been in financial hot water for some time, is laying off more than 700 employees at its two business offices and at its stores.Brokerages Expect bebe stores, inc.  Will Post Quarterly Sales of $0.00 - Markets DailyTop Bull Stock of Friday: Bebe Stores, Inc.'s  stock price is at $4.29 ... - WsNews 4investors"
p3
aS"Bebe closes stores across nation; 63 jobs impacted in Georgia Atlanta Journal Constitution - Mar 31, 2017 Bebe Stores Inc. - a women's clothing chain based in San Francisco with 170 locations across the United States - is closing all of its stores and shifting its focus to become an online-only retailer.America's Shopping Malls Aren't All Dying, They Are Actually Being Reborn - TheStreet.com"
p4
aS"bebe Stores Still Has A Shot Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 bebe stores'  fiscal second-quarter report had something for the bulls and the bears. A -10.5% comparable sales figure in the key ... BEBE is a hugely risky stock, to be sure, and the company remains one bad quarter away from having its ..."
p5
aS'bebe stores: Take The Money And Run Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 BEBE has embarked on the noble and proper task of reducing its level of markdowns and increasing its inventory turns. Any retailer should be doing this all the time, but for BEBE, it is a matter of survival. In the past, the company has had far too ...'
p6
aS'Bebe Stores, inc.  Closing 21 Stores Market Exclusive - Apr 6, 2017 In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday, bebe stores, inc.  said that it is committed to close 21 store locations.Bebe to shutter 21 stores, mulling more closures - Retail Dive'
p7
aS'BCBG, Bebe stores at Williamsburg Premium Outlets to close Daily Press - Mar 29, 2017 Bebe is planning to close its Williamsburg outlet store, which has about eight employees, by May 27 based on how fast it sells its product, the store manager said.'
p8
aS'Bebe Stores Has Upside Potential From Here Seeking Alpha - Sep 15, 2016 bebe stores  has been mercilessly pounded in the past couple of years as the company has continued to struggle and indeed, post sizable losses such that its solvency has been called into question.'
p9
aS"bebe stores, inc.  Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 16, 2017 bebe stores, inc. logo Media headlines about bebe stores, inc.  have been trending somewhat positive this week, according to AlphaOne Sentiment.Bebe Stores, Inc.'s  stock price settles at $3.74 with downward ... - WsNews 4investors"
p10
a.