(lp0
S'Beacon Roofing Settles Litigation Against SRS Filed in 2014 Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 Beacon Roofing is targeting around five to 10 total branch openings in fiscal 2017. Along with its branch opening strategy, the company will also focus on potential acquisitions.Beacon Roofing, SRS Distribution Reach Settlement in Florida Trade Secrets Case - Modern Distribution ManagementBeacon Roofing Supply  reached settlement agreement with SRS ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p1
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Strengthens its Michigan Presence with the Acquisition ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that it has acquired Acme Building Materials, Inc. , a distributor ...'
p2
aS"Beacon Roofing Supply to Participate in the Seaport Global Securities ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 17, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. , the largest publicly traded distributor of residential and commercial roofing materials and complementary building products, announced today that Joseph Nowicki, Executive Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer ...Beacon Roofing Hits 52-Week High: What's Driving the Stock? - NasdaqAnalyst Hints Surrounding Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p3
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Settlement of Litigation Against SRS ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  announced today that it reached a settlement agreement with SRS Distribution, Inc. in litigation filed by Beacon in 2014 in Miami-Dade County, Florida Circuit Court.'
p4
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for BECN Nasdaq - Feb 23, 2017 In trading on Thursday, shares of Beacon Roofing Supply Inc  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $44.65, changing hands as low as $44.61 per share.'
p5
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Michigan-Based Fox Brothers Company Business Wire  - May 2, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Fox Brothers Company , a distributor of roofing, siding, windows, doors and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Beacon Roofing Supply Announces Acquisition of Portland, Oregon-based ... Business Wire  - Jun 1, 2016 HERNDON, Va.----Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.   announced today that it has acquired Woodfeathers, Inc. , a distributor of primarily residential roofing and related products headquartered in&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Company Spotlight on Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 7 hours ago Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 3949337. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p8
aS'BRIEF-Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa. Reuters - Dec 16, 2016 BRIEF-Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa. ... Beacon Roofing Supply announces acquisition of BJ Supply of Bristol, Pa.'
p9
aS'Beacon Roofing  Up 4.9% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Nasdaq - Apr 11, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. BECN . Shares have added about 4.9% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  Downgraded to &quot;Sell&quot; at Zacks Investment ... - The Cerbat GemWould You Buy Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.  On These Analyst Ratings? - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.