(lp0
S'Berkshire Hills Completes Hampden Bancorp Acquisition PR Newswire  - Apr 17, 2015 PITTSFIELD, Mass., April 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  has completed the acquisition of Hampden Bancorp, Inc., and the merger of Hampden Bank into Berkshire Bank, effective today. &quot;We are pleased to welcome the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital ... Markets Daily - Apr 17, 2017 Berkshire Hills Bancorp logo Highbridge Capital Management LLC reduced its stake in Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  by 77.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Berkshire Hills Bancorp  to Acquire First Choice Bank in ~$111.7M Deal StreetInsider.com - Jun 27, 2016 Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  and First Choice Bank  announced that they have signed a definitive merger agreement under which First Choice Bank will merge into Berkshire Bank and its subsidiary, First Choice Loan&nbsp;...Berkshire Hills To Buy First Choice Bank For Stock Transaction Worth $117 Million - BenzingaNew England bank plans to enter Philadelphia market, proposes $112M acquisition - Boston Business Journal'
p3
aS"Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc.: Berkshire Hills First Quarter 2017 Earnings ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 5, 2017 Berkshire Hills Bancorp is the parent of Berkshire Bank - America's Most Exciting Bank. Berkshire has approximately $9.2 billion in assets and 97 full-service branch offices in Massachusetts, New York, Connecticut, Vermont, Pennsylvania and New Jersey&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Nicolet ... - CML NewsBerkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Bryn Mawr Bank ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation  .'
p5
aS'Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - Mar 22, 2017 Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock lost 0.15% to close at $34.20.Stock Returns: Bank of Marin Bancorp  is Beating Berkshire Hills ... - CML NewsBerkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks ... - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS'BERKSHIRE HILLS BANCORP, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Apr 10, 2017 Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  is a holding company for Berkshire Bank  and Berkshire Insurance Group. Berkshire offers a range of deposit, lending, insurance and wealth management products to retail, commercial, not-for-profit and&nbsp;...$0.55 EPS Expected for Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. ; Independence ... - MoneyMakingArticlesAnalysts Set $34.00 Target Price for Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  - Community Financial News'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Banner Corporation  versus Berkshire Hills Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Banner Corporation  versus Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Lakeland Bancorp Inc  is Beating Berkshire Hills ... CML News - Apr 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc  versus Lakeland Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy - Markets DailyBerkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Upgraded to &quot;Buy&quot; at Zacks Investment ... - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Associated Banc-Corp and Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc. Head to Head Compare CML News - Apr 15, 2017 Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc has a higher fundamental rating then Associated Banc-Corp which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p10
a.