(lp0
S'Bar Harbor Bankshares completes merger Mainebiz - Jan 16, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares , the holding company for Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, completed its merger with Lake Sunapee Bank Group, the holding company for Lake Sunapee Bank.Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announces completion of merger - The Ellsworth American'
p1
aS"Bar Harbor Bank and Trust's Relay for Life fundraising dinner on April 13 Bangor Daily News - Apr 11, 2017 Left to Right: Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust employees Margie Gray and Carol Pye get potatoes ready for baking at the 2015 Spudtacular Supper."
p2
aS'Bar Harbor Bank merger with Lake Sunapee Bank approved Mainebiz - Oct 26, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares, the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, is now one step closer in its planned acquisition of New Hampshire-based Lake Sunapee Bank Group after shareholders from both financial institutions approved the agreement.'
p3
aS"Bar Harbor Bankshares announces plan to acquire Lake Sunapee Bank of NH The Ellsworth American - May 6, 2016 BAR HARBOR - The parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announced on Thursday its plan to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group, a merger that would significantly increase the Maine bank's footprint and stature in the region.Bar Harbor Bank acquires NH bank chain for $143 million - Bangor Daily NewsLocal Bank to Be Sold - Valley News"
p4
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares merger moves forward The Ellsworth American - Oct 25, 2016 A plan for the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust to acquire a New Hampshire-based banking group took a step forward this week as shareholders of both companies approved the merger agreement.'
p5
aS'Bar Harbor Bank buying New Hampshire bank in $143 million deal Press Herald - May 5, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares is acquiring a New Hampshire bank in a $143 million deal that will make it the only New England-based community bank with operations in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont.Bar Harbor Bankshares Expands Into New Hampshire and Vermont with Lake Sunapee ... - Business Wire '
p6
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares announces stock split The Ellsworth American - Feb 23, 2017 BAR HARBOR - The parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust announced Tuesday it will be doing a stock split next month.'
p7
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares and Lake Sunapee Bank Group Complete Merger Yahoo Finance - Jan 13, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares  , the holding company for Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, has successfully completed its merger with Lake Sunapee Bank Group , the holding company for Lake Sunapee Bank.'
p8
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares  Announces 3-for-2 Stock Split StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Bar Harbor Bankshares   the parent company of Bar Harbor Bank &amp; Trust, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a three-for-two split of its common stock payable in the form of a large stock dividend.'
p9
aS'Bar Harbor Bankshares: A Merger Mispricing And Arbitrage Play Seeking Alpha - Jun 15, 2016 Bar Harbor Bankshares is highly profitable, offers a large dividend yield, and sells at a reasonable price. Bar Harbor Bankshares and Lake Sunapee Bank Group are merging, which presents a possible arbitrage play and merger mispricing. The combined&nbsp;...'
p10
a.