(lp0
S"Biogen licenses experimental drug with Alzheimer's potential The Boston Globe - Apr 13, 2017 As it moves to establish a franchise in Alzheimer's disease treatments, Biogen Inc. will pay $300 million upfront and up to $410 million in potential milestone awards to license an experimental drug from Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.Bristol-Myers to license two drugs to Biogen, Roche - ReutersBristol-Myers to get $470 million upfront for license deals with Biogen and Roche - MarketWatch"
p1
aS"Biogen to License Alzheimer Candidate from Bristol-Myers Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago Biogen Inc. BIIB recently announced that it has inked a deal to buy worldwide rights for Bristol-Myers Squibb's BMY anti-tau antibody, BMS-986168, for an upfront payment of $300 million.Biogen Inc.  announced an agreement to exclusively license BMS-986168 - Benchmark Monitor"
p2
aS"Forward Pharma Intends to Appeal Decision in Patent Interference Proceeding ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 31, 2017 While we are disappointed in the decision issued by the PTAB, we continue to believe the claims in the '871 application are patentable and that we are entitled to priority over Biogen Inc. , and therefore we intend to appeal the decision ...Will You Buy or Sell? Biogen Inc.  - StandardOracleForward Pharma Falls On Biogen Patent Victory Over MS Drug Ingredient - Yahoo Finance"
p3
aS"Biogen's Valuation Is Compelling Seeking Alpha - Apr 3, 2017 DCF analysis, with inputs slightly below analyst estimates, shows that Biogen is trading with an attractive risk/reward setup.Biogen Inc  Earns Neutral Rating from Mizuho - BNB Daily Biogen Inc.  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Alfred Sandrock Sells 1981 ... - Energy Index"
p4
aS"Biogen Inc: MS drug patent ruling win clears uncertainty Times of India - Mar 21, 2017 U.S. patent office says key patent on Biogen's top-seller and market-leading oral multiple sclerosis  treatment, Tecfidera, protect drug until at least 2026 and beyond."
p5
aS"Biogen Inc  Tracking In Line or slightly Light Smrt Stck Nws - Apr 6, 2017 Biogen Inc's  Tecfidera, Tysabri, and IFNs are tracking in line or slightly light (e.g., 1Q Tec WW JEF $980M vs."
p6
aS'3 Big Stock Charts for Friday: Biogen Inc , American Airlines Group Inc ... Investorplace.com - Apr 7, 2017 We continue to see some fractures in the market from a technical perspective as the number of companies that are trading below their respective 50-day moving averages in the S&amp;P 500 is on the rise.'
p7
aS"Biogen Inc.  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Biogen Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p8
aS'Checking the Levels on Shares of Biogen Inc.  Benton Bulletin - Apr 17, 2017 Biogen Inc.  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 5. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p9
aS"Alzheimer's Cure Is Science's Holy Grail - Will Biogen Find It? Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Biogen's main business for now is multiple sclerosis. But sales could be hurt soon by a new drug from Roche. In the last months, there have been two failures in Alzheimer's disease trials from Eli Lilly and Merck."
p10
a.