(lp0
S"Brookdale Senior Living  Announces Mark Parrell To Resign From Board Of ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 12, 2017 Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  today announced that Mark J. Parrell, a member of Brookdale's Board of Directors since 2015, has submitted notice that he will resign from the Board effective at the close of business on July 24, 2017 (the ...Between The Numbers: Brookdale Senior Living Inc. , Edwards Lifesciences ... - USA Commerce DailyNorges Bank Acquires Shares of 1589152 Brookdale Senior Living, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS"Mark Parrell To Resign From Brookdale Board Of Directors PR Newswire  - Apr 12, 2017 NASHVILLE, Tenn., April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  today announced that Mark J. Parrell, a member of Brookdale's Board of Directors since 2015, has submitted notice that he will resign from the Board effective at ..."
p2
aS"Brookdale Senior Living Inc. : An Examination Of The Chart For Today's ... NY Stock News - 17 hours ago Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p3
aS'Brookdale Completes Transaction With Blackstone PR Newswire  - Mar 30, 2017 NASHVILLE, Tenn., March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  today announced that it has completed its previously announced transaction with affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VIII L.P.Brookdale Senior Living, HCA Holdings, HCP - Times of IndiaThe Charts For Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Is Attracting Massive Attention - NY Stock News'
p4
aS"Analyst's Key Ratings: Brookdale Senior Living Inc.'s  Is stories - 57 minutes ago Brookdale Senior Living Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -0.31% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 12.89.Most Active Stock: Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  - HugoPress"
p5
aS'Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Apr 12, 2017 It operates through five segments: Retirement Centers; Assisted Living; CCRCs-Rental; Brookdale Ancillary Services and Management Services.'
p6
aS'Columbia Pacific Advisors, LLC Buys Globalstar, Brookdale Senior Living, SPDR ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 29, 2017 Seattle, WA, based Investment company Columbia Pacific Advisors, LLC buys Globalstar, Brookdale Senior Living, SPDR S&amp;P Oil &amp; Gas Explor &amp; Product, Bill Barrettoration, ModSys International, Halcon Resources, FLIR Systems, W&amp;T Offshore, EMCORE,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  And The Naked Truth Exposed In Its Technicals NY Stock News - Mar 31, 2017 Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p8
aS'Stock Focus: Checking the Chart on Shares of Brookdale Senior Living Inc ... The Standard - 16 hours ago Checking the Value Composite score for Brookdale Senior Living Inc. , we see that the company has a rank of 30. This falls on a scale from 0 to 100 where a lower score indicated an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Hot Stock Overview: Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  HugoPress - Apr 7, 2017 Jefferies Upgrades Brookdale Senior Living Inc. 's stock to Buy with the price target of $16.5. This rating was issued on 3/27/17.Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 05 - Equities.comStock with Unusual Volume: Brookdale Senior Living Inc.  - StandardOracle"
p10
a.