(lp0
S'Bancorp of New Jersey, Inc. Announces Nancy E. Graves as New President and ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 5, 2016 FORT LEE, N.J., April 05, 2016  -- Bancorp of New Jersey, Inc. , the holding company of Bank of New Jersey, today announced the appointment of Nancy E. Graves as the new President and Chief Executive Officer of the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Bancorp of New Jersey, Inc  versus Bankwell Financial ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bancorp of New Jersey, Inc  versus Bankwell Financial Group Inc  .'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: American River Bankshares  versus Bancorp of New ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for American River Bankshares  versus Bancorp of New Jersey, Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  is Beating AmeriServ ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AmeriServ Financial Inc  versus Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  .'
p4
aS'Price Alert: Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Mar 29, 2017 Price Alert: Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p5
aS'Breaking: Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  Stock Has Pushed Through ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Breaking: Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p6
aS'BANCORP OF NEW JERSEY,INC.  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or ... Market Exclusive - Apr 10, 2017 In addition, the Bank provides other customer services and makes investments in securities. The principal market for its deposit gathering and lending activities lies within Bergen County in New Jersey. The total loans amount to approximately $652.3 ...'
p7
aS'BANCORP OF NEW JERSEY,INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... Market Exclusive - Mar 28, 2017 In addition, the Bank provides other customer services and makes investments in securities. The principal market for its deposit gathering and lending activities lies within Bergen County in New Jersey. The total loans amount to approximately $652.3 ...'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  versus Community West ... CML News - Apr 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  versus Community West Bancshares  .'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  versus Eagle Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bancorp Of New Jersey Inc  versus Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  .'
p10
a.