(lp0
S'Bank Mutual Corporation Announces Branch Office Sales And Consolidations PR Newswire  - Apr 4, 2017 MILWAUKEE, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank Mutual Corporation  announced today that it has entered into an agreement to sell five retail branch offices, including $52.6 million in deposits and $13.2 million in loans associated with the&nbsp;...Bank Mutual selling 5 branches, consolidating other locations - Milwaukee Business JournalBank Mutual to sell 5 branches to credit union - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel'
p1
aS"With An ROE Of 6%, Has Bank Mutual Corporation's  Management Done A Good ... Simply Wall St - 3 hours ago With a ROE of 6%, Bank Mutual Corporation  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged an ROE of 9.3%.Stock Returns: Bank Mutual Corporation  versus Waterstone ... - CML NewsSomewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Bank Mutual  Share Price - Markets Daily"
p2
aS'Bank Mutual Corporation And Clover Partners Announce New Director Nominee PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2016 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank Mutual Corporation  and Clover Partners, L.P., today announced that they have reached an agreement under which Mike I. Shafir, an Analyst with Clover Partners, L.P.'
p3
aS'Fourth-quarter profit up 10.5% for Bank Mutual Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Jan 18, 2017 Fourth-quarter earnings rose 10.5% for Bank Mutual Corp. as net interest income and revenue from fees and mortgage banking grew while expenses were trimmed.'
p4
aS'Traders Take Note: Bank Mutual Corporation  Stock Drops, Weakness ... CML News - Mar 22, 2017 Take Note: Bank Mutual Corporation  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Community ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Community Financial Corp.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Astoria Financial Corporation  is Beating Bank Mutual ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Astoria Financial Corporation  versus Bank Mutual Corporation  .'
p7
aS'Price Alert: Bank Mutual Corporation  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Apr 9, 2017 Price Alert: Bank Mutual Corporation  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p8
aS"Hortonville Bank Mutual closing Waupaca County News - Dec 2, 2015 Bank Mutual Corp. announced Tuesday that Hortonville's Bank Mutual is among four Wisconsin branches that will close next spring to cut costs.Bank Mutual to close four Wisconsin branches, cut pension expense - Milwaukee Journal SentinelMore branch closures as Bank Mutual freezes employee pensions, seeks savings - Milwaukee Business Journal"
p9
aS"Mover inside Traders Limelight: Bank Mutual Corporation  Is stories - Mar 20, 2017 Bank Mutual Corporation's  witnessed a gain of 1.03% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 9.80. The company's last traded volume of 0.3 million shares as compared to it's an average volume of 0.12 million shares.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Bank Mutual Corporation  - Fiscal StandardBank Mutual Co.  Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze"
p10
a.