(lp0
S'The Essex Investment Management Co. LLC Has $824000 Stake in Badger Meter, Inc ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 4, 2017 Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of BMI. Capital Fund Management S.A. acquired a new position in shares of Badger Meter during the second quarter valued at about $752,000. Cardinal Capital Management raised its&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Badger Meter Explores a Sale, With Auction Process in Early Stages Wall Street Journal - May 4, 2016 Badger Meter Inc., which makes products used in fluid-flow measurement and control, is exploring a sale. The Milwaukee company is in the early stages of a sales process that is expected to draw interest from a number of other industrial companies,&nbsp;...Badger Meter to explore options, including possible sale - Milwaukee Journal SentinelMeeusen in line for $8.4M golden parachute if Badger Meter sells - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p2
aS"Badger Meter acquires new steam technology BizTimes.com  - Mar 2, 2017 With the purchase, Badger Meter added new technology for steam measurement in its HVAC product line. It's one of the technologies that we haven't had and that we've always wanted to get into, said Rich Meeusen, president, chairman and chief executive&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Badger Meter, Inc.  Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.26 Per Share Markets Daily - 13 hours ago Badger Meter logo Wall Street brokerages expect that Badger Meter, Inc.  will report $0.26 earnings per share  for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research.Badger Meter, Inc.  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Badger Meter Plans Stock Split, Dividend Increase Wall Street Journal - Aug 12, 2016 Industrial company Badger Meter Inc., which had been considering a sale, said Friday that it instead planned to raise its dividend 15% and split its stock 2-for-1 in an effort to boost shareholder returns.Badger Meter not planning to sell - Milwaukee Journal SentinelBadger Meter will not be sold - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p5
aS'Equity Watch: Looking at Shares of Badger Meter Inc  Midway Monitor - 15 hours ago At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Badger Meter Inc  is standing at 11.62. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p6
aS"Sales fall in fourth quarter during record year for Badger Meter Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Feb 6, 2017 Badger Meter Inc., the water meter manufacturer based in Brown Deer, concluded a record year with nearly a 3% drop in sales in the fourth quarter, the company said Monday.Badger Meter's  Q4 Earnings and Sales Lag Estimates - NasdaqBadger Meter's  CEO Rich Meeusen on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Badger Meter puts an end to sale speculation BizTimes.com  - Aug 13, 2016 Brown Deer-based Badger Meter Inc. sought to put an end to speculation that the company might be sold, announcing Friday that it has completed a strategic review and that its board of directors approved a 15 percent increase in the cash dividend ...'
p8
aS'Badger Meter adds two Wisconsin manufacturing CEOs to board Milwaukee Business Journal - Feb 10, 2017 Smith is the former chairman and president of Journal Communications Inc. in Milwaukee, and former chairman of its successor company, Journal Media Group Inc. He left the company, the parent of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, after its acquisition by&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Badger Meter: Digging Into Massive Downside Risk Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2015 After three down quarters in a row, Badger Meter  will have to dig like mad to suppress another big profit decline next quarter.'
p10
a.