(lp0
S"Bemis Company, Inc.  Earns &quot;Hold&quot; Rating from BMO Capital Markets Community Financial News - Mar 11, 2017 Bemis Company logo Bemis Company, Inc. 's stock had its hold rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday."
p1
aS"Bemis Company, Inc.  Given Consensus Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 11 hours ago Bemis Company logo Bemis Company, Inc.  has been assigned a consensus recommendation of Hold from the fourteen research firms that are presently covering the stock.Bemis Company, Inc.  Downgraded to &quot;Sell&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - BBNSWhat You Must Know About Bemis Company Inc's  Financial Health - Simply Wall St"
p2
aS"Bemis Co. Inc. sees progress with global approach Plastics News - Jan 27, 2017 Bemis Co. Inc. is making a push to ensure sure that what's good for one part of the company is good for another."
p3
aS"Moody's rates Bemis' new unsecured notes, existing ratings unchanged Moodys.com   - Sep 8, 2016 New York, September 08, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  assigned a Baa2 rating to the $300 million Senior Unsecured Notes due 2026 of Bemis Company, Inc. . The company's other ratings are unchanged ."
p4
aS'Bemis: Packaging Up Growing Dividends For 33 Years Straight Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 In its November investor presentation, the company states that it employs a workforce of over 18,000 people and maintains 61 manufacturing facilities in 12 countries around the world.'
p5
aS'Market Desk: Stock Update for Bemis Company, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 4 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. Bemis Company, Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 5926113. The EV is used to show how the market assigns value to a&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Bemis Co. Inc. files offering for senior notes Plastics News  - Sep 12, 2016 Bemis Co. Inc., which just recently opened up the potential to raise capital in a variety of ways, is doing just that.'
p7
aS'Stock Alert: Bemis Company Inc Stock Volatility Hits A Tumbling Low CML News - Apr 7, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Bemis Company Inc  has seen its stock price move at a collapsing low level.'
p8
aS'Jeffrey Lammers, Bemis Company, Inc., dies Packaging World - Oct 28, 2016 From there, he transferred to Duralam, Inc. in Appleton, Wisc. where he oversaw the accounting department. After an acquisition by Bemis Company, Inc. in 2001, he found great fulfillment developing strategic plans and successfully leading his global&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Company Outlook on Bemis Company, Inc.  : Analyst Consensus in Focus The Herald - Apr 16, 2017 Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable company information. Out of the 7 covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for Bemis Company, Inc. , 1 have shares listed as a Strong Buy while ...'
p10
a.