(lp0
S"Jack in the Box Inc. CFO to retire in 2018 Nation's Restaurant News - Apr 10, 2017 Jack in the Box Inc. chief financial officer Jerry Rebel plans to retire in 2018, the company said Monday. The San Diego-based parent to the quick-service Jack in the Box and fast-casual Qdoba Mexican Eats brands will begin an external search for a new ...Jack in the Box Inc. Announces Upcoming CFO Retirement - Franchising.com JACK IN THE BOX INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS"Jack in the Box Inc. Promotes Carol DiRaimo to Chief Investor Relations and ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 12, 2017 Jack in the Box Inc.  today announced that Carol DiRaimo has been promoted to Chief Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Officer.Jack in the Box names head of investor relations, corporate communications - Nation's Restaurant NewsJack in the Box Inc.  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'US Venture Partners Ix LP is Buying Box Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Apr 4, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Box, Inc. provides an enterprise content management platform that enables organizations of all sizes to manage enterprise content while allowing access and sharing of this content from anywhere, on any device.New Box Inc  Rating From Drexel Hamilton Indicates Stock As ... - The De Soto Edge'
p3
aS'Box Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of &quot;Buy&quot; from Brokerages Sports Perspectives - 5 hours ago Box logo Box Inc  has received an average recommendation of Buy from the nineteen analysts that are covering the stock.The Box, Inc.  Position Reduced by Clinton Group Inc. - Petro Global News 24How Technical Charts Showing Right Now for BOX INC  - W News'
p4
aS"Vivien M. Yeung Joins Jack in the Box Inc. Board of Directors Yahoo Finance - Apr 11, 2017 Jack in the Box Inc.  today announced that Vivien M. Yeung has joined the company's board of directors, effective April 11, 2017.Stocks: The FY2017 EPS Estimates for Jack In The Box Inc. Raised by ... - Petro Global News 24"
p5
aS'Street View: Analyst Updates on Box, Inc. ? The Herald - Apr 17, 2017 Sell-side research reports may contain estimates and share recommendations as well. Monitoring analyst opinions on a company they track might assist investors with gathering vital information.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Yandex NV  is Beating Box Inc  CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Box Inc  versus Yandex N.V.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS"Box Inc : More Products, Stronger Partners Smrt Stck Nws - Mar 31, 2017 Last week, Drexel Hamilton had Box Inc's  CEO  on the road to meet with investors. The underlying theme was that Box's product portfolio continues to expand to meet the stringent requirements of enterprise users and the company's&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Short Data Recap for: BOX INC  Midway Monitor - 12 hours ago Investors are looking at BOX INC 's short data, trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p9
aS"Which Way Are Traders Betting This Stock Will Go: BOX INC  Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago Based on the latest filings with the SEC, investors are looking at BOX INC 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p10
a.