(lp0
S"Berkshire Hathaway partners with Chinese real estate site Juwai.com BNN - 18 hours ago The real estate affiliate of billionaire investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc said the agreement will allow the roughly 2 million monthly users of Juwai.Chinese property website Juwai.com, Berkshire Hathaway team up - The Globe and MailBerkshire broker seeks Chinese buyers for U.S. houses - Salt Lake Tribune"
p1
aS"Better Buy: Berkshire Hathaway Inc. vs. The Coca-Cola Co Motley Fool - Apr 8, 2017 It seems almost sacrilegious to make such a comparison. Coca-Cola  is one of Warren Buffett's longest and most popular investments.Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by ... - Markets DailyBerkshire Hathaway Inc.  Research Coverage Started at Morgan Stanley - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"Berkshire Hathaway to Sell Nine Million Wells Fargo Shares Wall Street Journal  - Apr 12, 2017 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. plans to sell nine million shares of Wells Fargo &amp; Co. to keep its ownership below 10%, Berkshire said Wednesday in a press release.A Review Of Berkshire's Price-To-Book History - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"AIG to Pay Berkshire $9.8 Billion in Insurance Transfer Deal Bloomberg - Jan 20, 2017 American International Group Inc. agreed to pay $9.8 billion to Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. to take on long-term risks from commercial policies written in prior years.How Risky Is Berkshire Hathaway, Inc.? - Motley FoolAIG to pay Buffett's Berkshire about $10 billion in insurance deal - Reuters"
p4
aS'BREAKING: PRISM Plastics in Meadville sold to Berkshire Hathaway Inc. subsidiary Meadville Tribune - Apr 5, 2017 Marmon Engineered Components has three business sectors: tubing, fittings and industrial products; distribution services and construction products; and safety products.'
p5
aS"Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway stock has run up enough since Trump election: analyst MarketWatch - Mar 20, 2017 A cautionary ratings action for Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. by analyst Kai Pan at Morgan Stanley may speak louder than his bullish words about the insurance-powered conglomerate.Will Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  Be Broken Up Post-Buffett? - Smarter Analyst"
p6
aS"FULL STORY: PRISM Plastics in Meadville sold to Berkshire Hathaway Inc. subsidiary Meadville Tribune - Apr 6, 2017 It's part of Marmon Holdings Inc., a global, diversified industrial organization of independent manufacturing and service businesses."
p7
aS"Will Berkshire Hathaway Inc  Continue To Underperform Its Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 30, 2017 Berkshire Hathaway Inc , with a ROE of 9% over the past twelve months, appeared relatively inefficient compared to the broader industry, which averaged 11.97% ROE.Stock in Traders Focus: Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  - StandardOracleStocks on the Run: Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , Macy's, Inc.  - TRA"
p8
aS'Bridges Investment Counsel Inc Buys Berkshire Hathaway, First National of ... Nasdaq - Apr 5, 2017 Bridges Investment Counsel Inc initiated holdings in Tiffany &amp; Co. The purchase prices were between $76.81 and $96.41, with an estimated average price of $85.34.'
p9
aS"Why Berkshire Hathaway Inc  Delivered An Inferior ROE Compared To The ... Simply Wall St - Apr 14, 2017 Berkshire Hathaway Inc's  ROE of 9% over the past year, compared to its industry's 11.99%, indicates that investors would have been better off choosing the broader industry in terms of returns generated on their committed capital."
p10
a.