(lp0
S'Peabody Energy Share Count Up 389% In 2 Weeks Seeking Alpha - 20 hours ago It went from an issued capital of about 28 million shares at commencement of trading two weeks ago, and now the FAQs on the Peabody Energy website show that on a fully diluted basis, the company has 137 million shares outstanding. This was an increase&nbsp;...PEABODY ENERGY CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveZacks Investment Research Upgrades Peabody Energy Co.  to Buy - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"Peabody Energy: The Nightmare Continues Seeking Alpha - Apr 15, 2017 Peabody Energy stock is still plunging as hedge fund co-proponents continue to cash in on their 'financing' at annualized rates of as much as 4992%.Point State Capital is Buying Peabody Energy Corp  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive Peabody Energy  Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.23 - Chaffey Breeze"
p2
aS"Peabody Energy: How To Earn 4992% Annualized Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 Peabody's offering also enables shareholders to sell 19.4 million shares of the company's convertible preferred stock, according to a filing with the U.S."
p3
aS'What I Learned From The Peabody Energy Reorganization Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2017 The old shares of Peabody Energy  were cancelled yesterday. Also yesterday, brand new shares of Peabody Energy closed at $31.00. Today, Peabody Energy shares rose to as high as $32.50 and continued on a downward spiral throughout the&nbsp;...Peabody Energy emerges from bankruptcy protection - ReutersPeabody pledges discipline as coal group returns to market - Financial Times'
p4
aS'Dangerous Legal Precedent Set By Peabody Energy Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2017 The confirmation of the Peabody Energy  reorganization plan now in appeal has set a dangerous legal precedent. Now other companies are doing the same thing, whereby co-proponents are trying to steal the company from everyone else by&nbsp;...Sentiment Turns Bullish on Peabody Energy Corporation  - The Oracle Dispatch'
p5
aS"Peabody Energy Cleared in ERISA Challenge to Stock Losses Bloomberg BNA - Apr 3, 2017 Peabody Energy Corp. isn't liable to employees who allegedly lost retirement savings by investing in the bankrupt coal company's stock, a federal judge ruled . The proposed ..."
p6
aS'Peabody Energy: Shareholders Lose, But Will Anyone Win? Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 There is a titanic struggle going on about the future of Peabody Energy  as it seeks to emerge from bankruptcy. For shareholders, the key issue is whether they recover any benefit from owning the company, or just get left on the side as ...Peabody gets US court approval to pursue reorganization - ReutersPeabody to Put Restructuring Plan to Creditor Vote - Wall Street Journal'
p7
aS"BRIEF-Discovery Capital Management reports 29.6 pct stake in Peabody Energy Corp Reuters - Apr 13, 2017 PARIS, April 13 Far-right National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, who is campaigning on a platform of economic nationalism, says France's GDP growth would accelerate to 2.5 percent towards the end of her first term if she wins the upcoming&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"US, Peabody Energy Agree to $43 Million Environmental Fund; Bankruptcy Plan ... Insurance Journal - Mar 18, 2017 A U.S. judge formally approved Peabody Energy Corp.'s plan to emerge from bankruptcy late Friday after the coal producer struck a settlement with the U.S.What Will Happen to Common Shares of Peabody Energy Corporation  - The Oracle DispatchJudge approves Peabody's bankruptcy exit plan - St. Louis Business Journal"
p9
aS'Peabody Energy: Do The Numbers Work Post-Bankruptcy? Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 In the U.S., gas and renewable energy are a major problem. Pay attention to where Peabody will sell its coal. Peabody thinks it is going to sell coal at expense of its competitors, and has ambitions for Powder Rover Basin and Western coal production ...Peabody Energy Bankruptcy Plan Summarized - Bankrupt Company News  Peabody creditors file appeal notice for bankruptcy exit plan - St. Louis Business Journal'
p10
a.