(lp0
S'BWX Technologies, Inc. to Webcast Discussion of its First Quarter 2017 Results Business Wire  - 23 hours ago LYNCHBURG, Va.----BWX Technologies, Inc.   expects to webcast a discussion of its first quarter 2017 results on Tuesday, May 2, 2017 at 9:00 a.m.The Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. Has $110169000 Position in BWX Technologies ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS"Why BWX Technologies Inc. Bounced 12% Higher Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Additionally, the company acquired the General Electric  joint venture GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy Canada Inc., which BWX has renamed &quot;BWXT Nuclear Energy Canada Inc.&quot; With this new business in-house, management predicts that BWX will&nbsp;...BWX Technologies'  CEO Rex Geveden on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'48.00 MarketWatch - Jul 6, 2015 BWX Technologies, Inc. engages in the supply and provision of nuclear components and products. It operates through the following business segments: Nuclear Operations, technical Services, Nuclear Energy, and Other.'
p3
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up Bwx Technologies Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 9, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, BWX Technologies, Inc., formerly The Babcock &amp; Wilcox Company, is a manufacturer of nuclear components and a service provider.Hot Stocks On Radar- McKesson Corporation , BWX Technologies Inc ... - Wall Street Times It's Earnings Time: How to Trade Urban BWX Technologies, Inc.  Stock - The Voice Registrar"
p4
aS"BWX Technologies'  CEO Sandy Baker on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 1, 2016 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to BWX Technology Inc's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call.BWX Technologies Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results - Business Wire "
p5
aS'BWX Technologies  Subsidiary Secures CA$55M Contract from SNC-Lavalin JV StreetInsider.com - Apr 13, 2017 BWX Technologies, Inc.  announced today that its subsidiary BWXT Canada Ltd.  has been awarded a feeder manufacturing contract from the SNC-Lavalin / Aecon joint venture  valued at approximately CA$55 million.BWXT awarded $55M contract for Darlington nuclear plant - Waterloo Record'
p6
aS"Today's Top Pick: BWX Technologies, Inc. , Bristol-Myers Squibb ... Benchmark Monitor - 19 hours ago BWX Technologies, Inc.  announced that its subsidiary BWXT Canada Ltd.  has been awarded a feeder manufacturing contract from the SNC-Lavalin / Aecon joint venture  valued at approximately CA$55 million."
p7
aS"Stock Momentum Focus on BWX Technologies, Inc.  Providence Standard - 13 hours ago Investors keeping an eye on shares of BWX Technologies, Inc.  may be analyzing the company's FCF or Free Cash Flow."
p8
aS"3 Reasons Why BWX Technologies  is a Great Momentum Stock Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 This method discovered several great candidates for momentum-oriented investors, but today let's focus in on BWX Technologies, Inc. BWXT as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous ways in which this company&nbsp;...Bank of America Upgrades BWX Technologies Inc to Buy with Price Target $55 - Money Flow Index & TrendsNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For BWX Technologies, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p9
aS'BWX Technologies Inc  Upgraded at Bank of America Corp The Cerbat Gem - Apr 12, 2017 BWX Technologies Inc logo Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of BWX Technologies Inc  from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Tuesday.BWX Technologies Inc  Raised to B at TheStreet - Sports PerspectivesThe BWX Technologies Inc  Shares Bought by Cutler Group LP - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.