(lp0
S"Community Day at Buffalo Wild Wings to raise money for local club Independent Tribune - 13 hours ago CONCORD- Cabarrus County community members can help support the Boys &amp; Girls Club of Cabarrus County by eating at Buffalo Wild Wings on Wednesday, April 19. As part of the Team Up for Kids mission, the restaurant will donate 10 percent of total&nbsp;...Buffalo Wild Wings Set To Host 'Team Up For Kids' Community Day - HottyToddy.comApril 19: Buffalo Wild Wings to Donate to Boys &amp; Girls Clubs - SCVNEWS.com"
p1
aS"CEO Pay Watch: Compensation for Buffalo Wild Wings' Sally Smith decreased 67 ... Minneapolis Star Tribune - Apr 11, 2017 Note: Golden Valley-based Buffalo Wild Wings has been in a monthslong proxy battle with activist shareholder Marcato Capital.Buffalo Wild Wings: Free appetizer with purchase - WRAL.comBrooklyn, Warrensville Heights Buffalo Wild Wings to donate 10 percent to Boys ... - cleveland.com"
p2
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings hires firm to push ahead on refranchising strategy CNBC - Mar 28, 2017 &quot;We are excited to partner with The Cypress Group, which has a notable breadth of franchise deal experience and an extensive network of valuable relationships,&quot; Sally Smith, CEO of Buffalo Wild Wings, said in a statement. &quot;We anticipate engaging with&nbsp;...Buffalo Wild Wings' Fails To Appease Activist Investor - FortuneBuffalo Wild Wings is taking pages out of activist's playbook - Nation's Restaurant News"
p3
aS'Buffalo Wild Wings closing both of its PizzaRevs in Minnesota Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Apr 7, 2017 Buffalo Wild Wings is closing the two Twin Cities PizzaRev restaurants it opened three years ago as a franchisee of the California-based chain.'
p4
aS"How Netflix could be having a chilling effect on Buffalo Wild Wings AOL Small Business - Mar 26, 2017 Could be, as the movie streaming giant continues to add to its subscriber base while sports bars like Buffalo Wild Wings lose customers quarter after quarter.The Key to Jumpstarting Buffalo Wild Wings - Barron's"
p5
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings Spring Game Preview Columbia University Athletics - Apr 13, 2017 Everything you need to know about Saturday's Columbia Spring Football Game. Complete preview on which players to watch, which players will be sidelined and entire preview of each position group on the field."
p6
aS"Buffalo Wild Wings - Performance Has Lagged, Activist Investor Now Involved ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Activist complains a lot, nominates four candidates to Board of Directors. BWLD management appropriately focused. Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.  - Our Conclusion: At the moment, based on management's statements on the Q4 conference call in&nbsp;...Buffalo Wild Wings in Athens holds grand opening - whnt.comBuffalo Wild Wings opens in Athens - News Courier"
p7
aS"Why Is Buffalo Wild Wings  Down 2% Since Last Earnings? Zacks.com - Apr 6, 2017 Buffalo Wild Wings' cost of sales, as a percentage of restaurant sales, increased 160 basis points  to 31.1%, due to a 9.9% year-over-year increase in traditional wing pricing."
p8
aS'Buffalo Wild Wings Hosts Community Day on April 19, Invites Guests to Help ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 On April 19, more than 950 Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants across the United States are inviting Guests to join them for their annual Community Day fundraiser in support of a local area Boys &amp; Girls Club.'
p9
aS'Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. to Conduct a Webcast of Its First Quarter 2017 Results Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. , today announced that the Company will conduct a conference call to discuss its first quarter 2017 results on Wednesday, April 26, 2017 at 4:00 p.m.'
p10
a.