(lp0
S'Stocks: The Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.  Sees Significant Decline in Short ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 8, 2017 Cal-Maine Foods has a one year low of $35.65 and a one year high of $55.43. The company has a market capitalization of $2.09 billion, a P/E ratio of 221.91 and a beta of 0.82.'
p1
aS"Cal-Maine Foods: At A Nice Entry Point Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2017 Declining revenue is usually a reason to be concerned and an unprofitable company is also not very comforting for an investor.Cal-Maine Foods Inc  Shares Sold by Vident Investment Advisory LLC - The Cerbat GemInvestor Watch-List Stock: Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.'s  - Is stories"
p2
aS"Why Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Stock Dropped 12% in May Motley Fool - Jun 7, 2016 Now what: As a commodity business, Cal-Maine's profits can be volatile, but the company's acquisition strategy has delivered results as its share price has more than tripled over the last five years."
p3
aS'Why Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Stock Fell 16.1% in September Motley Fool - Oct 12, 2016 In the meantime, Cal-Maine will wisely focus on operational efficiency and identifying &quot;additional growth opportunities, including acquisitions.'
p4
aS"Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. to Participate in Burkenroad Reports Investment Conference Yahoo Finance - Apr 13, 2017 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.  today announced that management will participate in the 21st Annual Burkenroad Reports Investment Conference hosted by Tulane University's Freeman School of Business on April 28, 2017, at The Sheraton New Orleans&nbsp;...Cal-Maine Foods Inc  Issues Earnings Results - Sports Perspectives"
p5
aS"Cal-Maine Foods: A New Acquisition, Negative Margins, Cash Burn - And Where's ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 Cal-Maine recently announced a definitive agreement to acquire the egg production assets of Happy Hen Egg Farms, Inc. This deal is going to occur during one of Cal-Maine's tougher operating environments; margins have declined substantially as shell egg&nbsp;...Cal-Maine to purchase assets of Happy Hen Egg Farms - Meat & Poultry Cal-Maine Foods acquiring egg assets of Happy Hen Egg Farms - Feedstuffs"
p6
aS'Cal-Maine Foods: Not Good Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 I want to reiterate that for the long-term, I was impressed with the opportunity in the name, because chances are, if you have ever made or have been out for breakfast in the United States, you have very likely indirectly done business with this company.Cal-Maine Foods Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results - Business Wire '
p7
aS'Cal-Maine: Dancing On Egg Shells Seeking Alpha - Mar 28, 2017 Cal-Maine Foods  has been pretty volatile. The stock has fallen from grace since I said ... The company always keeps an eye out for any avian influenza or other issues that could jeopardize supply. We always keep an eye on the hen supply.Cal-Maine Foods Higher In Volatile Session Despite Q3 Miss - BenzingaCal-Maine Foods Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results - Yahoo Finance'
p8
aS"Cal-Maine Foods Inc  Receives $37.83 Consensus PT from Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - 10 hours ago Cal-Maine Foods logo Shares of Cal-Maine Foods Inc  have earned a consensus rating of Hold from the six brokerages that are presently covering the stock.Market Scanner: Checking the Levels for Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.  - Baxter ReviewDA Davidson Comments on Cal-Maine Foods Inc's Q1 2018 Earnings  - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS"Why Cal-Maine Foods Is A Buy Seeking Alpha - Sep 6, 2016 Now looking at Cal-Maine Foods, I believe this company falls in with Warren Buffett's strategy of buying a wonderful business at a fair price, rather than a fair company at a wonderful price. This article will provide evidences and justifications as to ..."
p10
a.