(lp0
S'What Are Analysts Recommending on Cameron International Corporation ? The Herald - 19 hours ago Out of the N/A covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for Cameron International Corporation , N/A have shares listed as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have the stock rated a Buy.'
p1
aS"Cameron International Corporation's Earnings Leave Cause for Concern in 2015 Motley Fool - Jan 30, 2015 Falling oil prices didn't impact oil and gas equipment and services provider Cameron International Corporation  last quarter, or so it appears based on the just-released fourth-quarter earnings report.Cameron International Q4 Earnings Top, Revenues Lag - Zacks.com"
p2
aS"Despite Falling Oil Prices, Cameron International Corporation Reports Strong ... Motley Fool - Oct 23, 2014 Cameron's Surface segment grew orders 35% last quarter. Source: Cameron International. Oil and natural gas industry equipment maker Cameron International Corporation's  third-quarter earnings per share of $1.17 -- adjusted for one-time&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Cameron International Is In For A World Of Hurt Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2016 Q4 revenue from Cameron's Subsea segment fell 7% Q/Q. It will likely fall further given the dearth in deep water equipment orders."
p4
aS'No. 8 public company: Cameron International Corp. Houston Chronicle - Jun 23, 2013 Cameron International Corp. saw a record number of orders and revenue growth across key segments last year. The surge in business drove a 22 percent jump in sales and a 45 percent rise in earnings per share.'
p5
aS'Sell Cameron Before Schlumberger Invokes Its MAC-Out Clause Seeking Alpha - Dec 21, 2015 In a shot in the arm to the oilfield services sector, in August Schlumberger  announced it was acquiring Cameron International  for $66 per share -- a 56% premium to its previous share price. The entire oilfield services sector ...'
p6
aS"Cameron: Will 'Industry Crisis' Cause Schlumberger To Walk? Seeking Alpha - Apr 1, 2016 It could give Schlumberger cause to walk away from its acquisition of Cameron International . Cameron's merger agreement likely includes a material adverse change &quot;MAC&quot; clause which allows Schlumberger to terminate the transaction in case&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Schlumberger to Buy Cameron in $14.8 Billion Oil Services Deal Bloomberg - Aug 26, 2015 Schlumberger Ltd. agreed to buy Cameron International Corp. in a deal valued at $14.8 billion, allowing the world's largest oilfield contractor to bundle gear and services more effectively into one package.Schlumberger Announces Merger with Houston-based Cameron International Corp. - Houston Press"
p8
aS"Why Schlumberger's Acquisition of Cameron International Is a Brilliant Move Motley Fool - Sep 25, 2015 When oilfield services giant Schlumberger  announced its intent to acquire a non-competitor -- Cameron International  -- late last month, it left many investors and industry watchers puzzled. Why on earth would the world's largest&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"3 Reasons Cameron International Corp.'s Stock Could Rise Motley Fool - Aug 12, 2014 Cameron is one of the world's biggest suppliers of drilling equipment, both offshore and onshore. Last year, 59% of the company's total revenues, and 59% of its before-tax profits  were ..."
p10
a.