(lp0
S'Avis Budget  Closes Deal to Extend Footprint in Poland Zacks.com - Apr 11, 2017 Vehicle rental &amp; leasing services provider Avis Budget Group, Inc.  recently completed a transaction for an undisclosed amount to extend its operations in Poland.Avis Budget Completes Transaction to Operate Budget in Poland - Bobit Business Media  '
p1
aS'Avis Budget Group Inc.  Given Consensus Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; by ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 17, 2017 Avis Budget Group logo Shares of Avis Budget Group Inc.  have been assigned a consensus recommendation of Hold from the eleven analysts that are covering the firm.Avis Budget Group  Receiving Positive News Coverage, Report Finds - Community Financial News'
p2
aS'The Warning Sign That Sent Shares of Hertz Global and Avis Budget Lower Today Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Shares of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  and Avis Budget Group Inc. , both engaged in car and truck rentals, among other services, were trading 10% and 8% lower at 2:55 p.m.Avis Budget Inks Agreement to Enhance Product Offerings - Yahoo FinanceWhy Is Avis Budget  Down 4.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? - Zacks.com'
p3
aS"ID Systems Signs Exclusive Agreement with Avis Budget Group for the Deployment ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 20, 2017 WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., March 20, 2017  -- I.D. Systems, Inc.  and Avis Budget Group, Inc.  have executed a purchase agreement for deployment of I.D. Systems' proprietary wireless rental fleet&nbsp;...Stock Price of Avis Budget Group, Inc.  Decreases -1.03% - Highland Mirror"
p4
aS'Equity Sheet: Reviewing the Numbers for Avis Budget Group, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 5 hours ago Avis Budget Group, Inc.  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 14784126. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p5
aS"A Keen Look At The Chart For Avis Budget Group, Inc.  NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 Avis Budget Group, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS'Avis: Buybacks And Equity Compensation Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2017 I started looking at Hertz  and then I looked at Avis . Both companies are very cheap on a P/E multiple basis.'
p7
aS'Just the Facts on Avis Budget Group, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 27, 2017 Avis Budget Group, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Rental &amp; Leasing Services.Avis Budget Group Inc.  Given Average Rating of Hold by Brokerages - The Cerbat GemAnalysts Near-Term outlook: Toll Brothers, Inc. , Avis Budget Group, Inc ... - The USA Commerce'
p8
aS'Avis Budget Group, Inc.  Shouts Loudly With Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - Mar 27, 2017 The technicals for Avis Budget Group, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p9
aS'Avis Budget Group, Inc.  Is Making A Strong Argument Through Its Technicals NY Stock News - Mar 28, 2017 The technicals for Avis Budget Group, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p10
a.