(lp0
S'The Caseys General Stores, Inc.  Stake Reduced by Copeland Capital ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Caseys General Stores by 281.7% in the third quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. now owns&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Casey's General Stores Profit Slumps on Higher Expenses Wall Street Journal  - Mar 6, 2017 Casey's General Stores Inc. said profit slipped 40% in the latest quarter, hurt by higher operating costs as it paid out more in wages to its workers.Casey's General Stores Inc Continues to Fall Short of Stated Goals - Motley FoolCasey's General Stores Inc. Bottom Line Declines 40% In Q3 - Nasdaq"
p2
aS"Why Casey's General Stores Inc. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 That's not to say Casey's General Stores' performance was terrible. The chain did, after all, set a fresh company record for fiscal Q1 earnings.Casey's General Stores Profit Rises, But Results Miss Expectations - Wall Street JournalCasey's General Stores Readies to Enter Ohio - CSNews Online"
p3
aS"Casey's General Stores Inc Admits It Won't Reach Goals, Ramps Up Expansion Motley Fool - Dec 8, 2016 While city dwellers might not be familiar with the name, those who live in rural America -- particularly the Midwest and Great Plains -- know that Casey's General Stores  is much more than just a gas station or convenience store. For ...Casey's Positioned for Future Growth - Convenience Store DecisionsCasey's  CEO Terry Handley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS"Casey's General Stores Inc. Misses Estimate in Prepared-Foods Segment Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 Casey's General Stores , which operates quick-service gas and food stations in small towns throughout the rural Midwest, released first-quarter earnings Tuesday and Wall Street was not happy."
p5
aS"Where Casey's General Stores Inc. Fell Short Motley Fool - Jun 7, 2016 Convenience stores represent a very fragmented market. One of the biggest players is Casey's General Stores , which focuses on building clusters of stores in small-town America."
p6
aS"Is Now A Good Time For Investors Looking For An Entry Point Into Casey's ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 Casey's General Stores, Inc. has demonstrated strong stock price appreciation over the last several years. The stock has pulled back from a 52-week high of about $136 per share, and is trading around $112 per share as of the writing of this article.3 Things Casey's General Stores Management Wants You to Know - Motley Fool"
p7
aS"Rising Bio-Fuel And Food Prices: Casey's General Stores Upgraded To Buy ... Benzinga - Jun 29, 2016 Goldman Sach's Stephen Grambling upgraded Casey's General Stores Inc  to from Neutral to Buy, raising the price target from $123.00 to $145.00 - all while adding the company to Goldman's Conviction Buy List."
p8
aS"Bear of the Day: Casey's General Stores  Yahoo Finance - Mar 14, 2017 Casey's General Stores, Inc.  is going through a rough patch as small town America is eating out less. This Zacks Rank #5  has missed four quarters in a row.Nutrisystem, Casey's General Stores, Texas Instruments,Telefonica and Deere ... - Nasdaq"
p9
aS"Gasoline And Pizza Are Casey's General Stores' Secret Weapons Against The ... Benzinga - Jul 25, 2016 Amazon.com, Inc.  has proven itself a tough competitor to retail companies while playing a large part in disappointing retail earnings over the past few quarters."
p10
a.