(lp0
S'The China Biologic Products Inc  Stake Decreased by Manning &amp; Napier ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 5, 2017 Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Dumac Inc. bought a new position in shares of China Biologic Products during the fourth quarter valued at $100,000. BlackRock ...'
p1
aS'Market: The China Biologic Products Inc.  Receives Consensus Rating of ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 Brokers have set a 12-month consensus price target of $142.33 for the company and are forecasting that the company will post $0.84 earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks.'
p2
aS'China Biologic Products, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight UK Market News - Jan 17, 2017 Amid volatile financial markets and the presidential election, various investment brokerages have made amendments to their price targets and ratings on shares of China Biologic Products, Inc. . Based on the latest brokerage notes which&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'China Biologic Products: An Alternative To The US Sector Seeking Alpha - May 17, 2016 China Biologic Products Inc. is a mid cap biotech focused on plasma based technology. The firm manufactures twenty products for use in emergency rooms and in the treatment of immuno-deficiency related illnesses.'
p4
aS"China Biologic Has A Wide Moat And Hedges Geographic Risk Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 China Biologic Products does not face the same political pressure faced by U.S based healthcare firms. It's industry is protected by the government."
p5
aS'China Biologic Products Inc  Given $131.67 Average Target Price by Analysts BBNS - 4 hours ago China Biologic Products logo Shares of China Biologic Products Inc  have received an average broker rating score of 1.00  from the three analysts that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Stock Returns: China Biologic Products Inc  is Beating Five Prime ... - CML NewsUBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Increases Position in China Biologic ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS"China Biologic Products Q4 2014 Earnings: Primed For A Sell-Off? Seeking Alpha  - Feb 23, 2015 Before Q2 earnings on August 5, I wrote a bullish article on China Biologic Products , with a thesis stating that the company's plasma-based products should benefit from increasing market demand in China for Q2. I argued that the company's&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"China Biologic Products'  CEO David Gao on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2017 Today you will hear from China Biologics Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. David Gao, who will start off the call with a review of recent Company developments, strategies, and basic operating results; followed by the Company's Senior Vice ..."
p8
aS'Is now the time to buy China Biologic Products, Inc. :? Analysts ... The Herald - Apr 16, 2017 Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable information. Out of the 3 covering sell-side analysts giving share ratings for China Biologic Products, Inc. , 3 have pegged the stock as a Strong ...'
p9
aS'China Biologic Acquires Full Ownership of Guizhou Taibang PR Newswire  - Oct 26, 2016 BEIJING, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- China Biologic Products, Inc. , a leading fully integrated plasma-based biopharmaceutical company in China, today announced that Guizhou Taibang Biological&nbsp;...'
p10
a.