(lp0
S'Beyond stocks, bonds and some cash  what else belongs in your portfolio? The Globe and Mail - Nov 11, 2013 ... the iShares S&amp;P GSCI Commodity-Indexed Trust  will keep your holding in the currency of commodity trading, the U.S.'
p1
aS'BlackRock Announces Estimated December Cash Distributions for the iShares Funds Marketwired  - Dec 18, 2014 BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited , an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. , today announced the estimated December 2014 cash distributions for the iShares Funds listed on the Toronto Stock&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'BlackRock Announces Final Annual Reinvested Capital Gains Distributions for ... Marketwired  - Dec 24, 2014 BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited , an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. , today announced the final annual 2014 reinvested capital gains distributions for the iShares Funds listed on the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'An easy way to play complex sectors Globe and Mail - Feb 11, 2011 The iShares S&amp;P/TSX Capped Materials Index Fund provides market-cap-weighted exposure to some 68 Canadian companies that produce commodities ranging from gold, silver, platinum, copper and diamonds to potash, tin, timber, coal and rare earth metals. A ...'
p4
aS"BlackRock Canada Expands its iShares' Minimum Volatility ETF Suite with Launch ... MarketWatch - Apr 11, 2016 The new funds, iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol USA Index ETF  , iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol EAFE Index ETF   and iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol Global Index ETF  , will be listed on the TSX when the ... These three ..."
p5
aS'Blackrock Canada Announces Changes to Certain iShares Funds Marketwired  - Mar 24, 2014 ... iShares MSCI Brazil Index ETF , iShares S&amp;P Global Consumer Discretionary Index ETF  , iShares China Index ETF , iShares J.P. Morgan USD Emerging Markets Bond Index ETF  , iShares MSCI&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"What we're investing in: Canada's five most popular ETFs The Globe and Mail - Oct 1, 2015 iShares Core S&amp;P 500 Index ETF, Canadian dollar hedged , $2.7-billion under management. Offering broad-based exposure to the U.S. market, this fund tracks the S&amp;P 500 index with a MER of 0.23 per cent while hedging the Canadian dollar. Although&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'6 issues that will affect your fund investments in 2015 Financial Post - Dec 19, 2014 Of the three largest ETFs in this space, the iShares S&amp;P/TSX Canadian Preferred Share Index Fund fared second best in terms of performance, while the BMO S&amp;P/TSX Laddered Preferred Share Index ETF, placing third, won the AUM derby (up $198 million ...'
p8
aS'ETF picks for your RRSP portfolio The Globe and Mail - Feb 25, 2010 It has been an annual ritual for many investors to flock to mutual funds for retirement plans, but exchanged-trade funds  - the newest kids on the block - are challenging conventional offerings. One attraction of ETFs are lower fees, which can ...'
p9
aS'BlackRock Canada Announces February Cash Distributions for the iShares ETFs MarketWatch - Feb 9, 2017 BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited , an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. BLK, -0.64% today announced the February 2017 cash distributions for the iShares ETFs listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange which pay ...'
p10
a.