(lp0
S'The D. E. Shaw &amp; Co. Inc. Buys 13738 Shares of Crown Castle International ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in Crown Castle International Corporation by 2.7% in the second quarter.'
p1
aS'The Crown Castle International Corporation  Shares Bought by Goelzer ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 Ltd. increased its position in Crown Castle International Corporation by 2.7% in the second quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co.'
p2
aS'Crown Castle: A Wireless REIT In A Rapidly Growing Environment Seeking Alpha - Apr 16, 2017 Although there are many strong REITs that are focused on the wireless tower model, including American Tower  and SBA Communications , the one that I was most intrigued with was Crown Castle International &nbsp;...$1.01 Billion in Sales Expected for Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT ... - The Cerbat GemM&amp;A: Why Crown Castle International Corp.   is Rising - Insider Monkey '
p3
aS'Stocks: The Crown Castle International Corporation  Shares Sold by MD ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 7, 2017 Van ECK Associates Corp purchased a new position in shares of Crown Castle International Corporation during the second quarter worth approximately $153,000.'
p4
aS'Wireless REIT Crown Castle: Dependable DGI Comfort In A Chaotic World Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 However, double-digit constant currency growth rates internationally can be buffeted by forex headwinds. Recently, cash AFFO per share growth has been hit by adjustments due to a strong dollar.'
p5
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Crown Castle International Corp.   Stock ... Market Exclusive - Apr 10, 2017 Analyst Ratings For Crown Castle International Corp.  . Today, Crown Castle International Corp.   stock received an upgrade by Guggenheim from Neutral to Buy. There are 3 hold ratings, 11 buy ratings on the stock.Crown Castle International Corp.   Lifted to Buy at Guggenheim - BNB Daily Crown Castle International Corp.   Shares Sold by Putnam ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Wireless Tower REIT Crown Castle - A DGI Buying Opportunity Once Again? Seeking Alpha - Nov 29, 2016 Crown Castle is the only one of three such companies solely focused on top US markets. This is both good news and bad news, because the US is a more mature market when it comes to smartphone adoption.Is Crown Castle International Corp.  a Good Stock To Buy? - Insider Monkey '
p7
aS'Crown Castle Makes Switch to Real-Estate Investment Trust Wall Street Journal - Jan 6, 2014 Cell-tower company Crown Castle International Corp. said Monday it has commenced operating as a real-estate investment trust, effective Jan. 1. The company, based in Houston, had said in September that it planned to begin operating as a REIT by early&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Crown Castle Seeks Conversion to a REIT Bloomberg - Sep 9, 2013 Crown Castle International Corp., an owner of mobile-phone towers, plans to convert to a real estate investment trust, a move that will probably increase payouts to shareholders. Crown Castle expects to begin operating as a REIT starting Jan. 1, the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Wireless Tower REIT: Crown Castle's CFO Brown Explains 'Small Cell' Economics Seeking Alpha - Sep 11, 2015 Crown Castle International is the only communication tower REIT focused entirely on U.S. wireless markets. The third-party tower mast ownership business model has resulted in outstanding returns and growth over the last 10 years."
p10
a.