(lp0
S"Concurrent Computer Corp. CCUR  Wall Street Journal - Feb 12, 2011 News Concurrent Computer Corp.CCUR. Significant News Only. 04/11/17; Press Release. Press Release: Top-5 U.S. Cable Operator Expands Concurrent's Video Storage Solution."
p1
aS'Concurrent Computer names new CEO Atlanta Journal Constitution - Nov 18, 2014 Duluth-based Concurrent Computer Corp., a company that makes software and hardware for streaming video and collecting and analyzing media data, said Dan Mondor is stepping down as chief executive officer and will be replaced by ARRIS Group&nbsp;...Concurrent Taps Derek Elder As CEO - Multichannel News'
p2
aS'Concurrent Computer: Good Buyout Target For Comcast And Debt-Free 5.8 ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2014 Concurrent Computer Corporation  is a company with a focus on software, hardware and professional services for the video market and the high-performance, real-time market.'
p3
aS"JDS1  Concurrent Computer Corporation's Largest Shareholder  Sends Open ... GlobeNewswire  - May 25, 2016 I was nevertheless wholly unprepared for the way I was treated during our conversation on May 4th, the day after Concurrent's most recent disappointing earnings announcement. As you know, I had reached out to Mr. Elder, our CEO, that morning to discuss&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Concurrent Computer's Recent Stock Price Collapse: Is The Market Wrong Or Correct? Seeking Alpha - Dec 3, 2015 Concurrent Computer's  share price has fallen rather sharply since the article was published and left me embarrassed at suggesting it as a worthy investment."
p5
aS'Concurrent Computer Corporation Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Mar 29, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Concurrent Computer Corporation  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p6
aS"Verimatrix Acquires Concurrent's Multi-Screen Video Analytics Business PR Newswire  - Sep 10, 2015 Concurrent Computer Corporation and its logo are registered trademarks of Concurrent. All Concurrent product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Concurrent while all other product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their&nbsp;...Verimatrix Buys Concurrent's Video Analytics Biz for $3.5M - Multichannel News"
p7
aS"Concurrent Announces Review of Strategic Alternatives and Adopts Tax Asset ... PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2016 Concurrent also announced that its Board of Directors has adopted a tax asset preservation plan designed to protect shareholder value by preserving the value of Concurrent's substantial tax assets."
p8
aS"UMB Financial  Forms $72.11 Double Top, Concurrent Computer (CCUR ... Wolcott Daily - 21 hours ago Concurrent Computer Corporation  had a decrease of 0.5% in short interest. CCUR's SI was 39,600 shares in April as released by FINRA."
p9
aS"Concurrent Computer's  CEO Derek Elder on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 12, 2016 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Concurrent's Earnings Conference Call for Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Financial Results."
p10
a.