(lp0
S'Guess Who Picked Career Education Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Apr 13, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Career Education Corporation, through its colleges, institutions and universities, offers education to students in a range of career-oriented disciplines through online, on-ground and hybrid learning programs.Career Education Corp.  Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.35 - Markets DailyDimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Position in Career Education Corp.  - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Career Education Corp is Just the Latest For-Profit College Chain to Shut Down Bloomberg - May 6, 2015 Career Education Corp., a for-profit college chain, said it will close or sell all of its career colleges following financial losses and a federal regulatory crackdown.Career Education Corporation Announces Strategy to Focus Resources on Its ... - Business Wire Career Education to close all but two schools - Chicago Tribune'
p2
aS'Career Education Corporation: Multibagger Opportunity In The Near Term Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 Arguably, the most burdensome of the rules the Department of Education passed. These rules prohibited companies from providing incentive compensation based around student enrollment.'
p3
aS'Career Education Corporation - ROE 49.57%, One-Third Of Pure Cash, And No Debt Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Career Education Corporation has an outstanding balance sheet with no debt and tons of cash and impressive net income generation.'
p4
aS'Watch For A Sharp Drop In Career Education Corp. Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2016 In 2014, Career Education Corp. or &quot;CEC&quot; received $695 million in federal funds via Title IV of the Higher Education Act.'
p5
aS'Career Education Settles False Claims Suit Inside Higher Ed - Feb 23, 2017 Career Education Corp. on Wednesday announced that it had settled a false claims lawsuit with private plaintiffs. The suit against the for-profit chain and its American InterContinental University was originally filed in 2008.Career Education Corporation  Set to Announce Earnings on Thursday - Chaffey Breeze'
p6
aS'Career Education Corporation Reports Results for Third Quarter 2016 Business Wire  - Nov 3, 2016 Career Education Corporation revised its outlook for 2016 and 2017 consolidated adjusted EBITDA and year end cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments, net of borrowings, in order to incorporate recent stronger than expected&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Kenda Gonzales Joins Career Education Corporation Board of Directors Business Wire  - Oct 26, 2016 SCHAUMBURG, Ill.----Career Education Corporation , a provider of postsecondary education programs, today announced that Kenda B. Gonzales has been appointed to the Company's Board of Directors."
p8
aS"What's Happening To These Stocks? - Career Education Corporation (CECO ... Post Analyst - 16 hours ago Career Education Corporation  has made its way to a 12-month gain of 91.74%. Turning to Fortress Biotech, Inc. , its shares were trading at $3.28 a retreat of $-0.09, on the trading floor.Career Education Corp.  Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows - Markets DailyCareer Education Corp.  Stake Raised by Federated Investors Inc. PA - BBNS"
p9
aS"Form 4 CAREER EDUCATION CORP For: Mar 06 Filed by: Czeszewski David C. StreetInsider.com - Mar 8, 2017 Restricted stock units granted pursuant to the Career Education Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan, with each unit representing the contingent right to receive one share of Issuer's common stock."
p10
a.