(lp0
S"Why Cerus Corporation is Soaring Today Motley Fool - Nov 4, 2016 Looking a bit beyond the numbers, Cerus had a handful of other positive developments occur during the quarter that it shared with investors.Cerus'  CEO Obi Greenman on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Cerus Corporation is Surging Today. Here's Why. Motley Fool - Jun 20, 2016 What: Shareholders of Cerus Corporation , a biomedical products company focused on making blood transfusions safer, are having a good day.Analysts Reiterate Buy on Cerus Corporation  and Ariad Pharmaceuticals ... - Smarter AnalystCerus Announces Agreement with BARDA for Potential Funding of up to ... - Business Wire "
p2
aS'Cerus Corporation  to Ring the Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 7, 2017 Cerus Corporation , a biomedical products company focused in the field of blood transfusion safety, will visit the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center in San Francisco.Investors Must-Watch: Cerus Corporation  - StandardOracle'
p3
aS'Cerus Corporation : Financial Strength Analysis Simply Wall St - Mar 7, 2017 Small-cap companies such as Cerus Corporation  with its market cap of USD $438 Million, benefit the most from improving economic conditions due to the growth potential, but on the other hand they also are highly prone to a downturn, thus&nbsp;...Cerus Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 09 - Equities.comWhat are analysts Suggestions on: Cerus Corporation  - News Oracle'
p4
aS'CERUS CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... Market Exclusive - 12 hours ago On April 13, 2017, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Supply and Manufacturing Agreement with Porex Corporation, or Porex, effective as of April 1, 2017, to extend the current supply and manufacturing agreement until December 31,&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Which Way is The Street Betting Cerus Corporation  Will Go? Midway Monitor - 11 hours ago Investors are looking at Cerus Corporation 's short data, trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p6
aS'Cerus: Will It Ever Get Respect? Seeking Alpha - Jun 1, 2016 Case in point is Cerus Corporation , the Concord, California-based biomedical products company. Its mission and products focus on the safety of hospital administered blood transfusions.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Merit Medical Systems Inc  is Beating Cerus ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Cerus Corporation  versus Merit Medical Systems Inc  .'
p8
aS'What The Technical Indicators Are Saying About Cerus Corporation (CERS ... Post Analyst - 19 hours ago Cerus Corporation  traded at an unexpectedly low level on 04/13/2017 when the stock experienced a 0.24% gain to a closing price of $4.11.Trading Sheet: Examining the Levels for Cerus Corporation  - Searcy NewsAnalyst Activity  Cowen and Company Reiterates Outperform on Cerus  - Market Exclusive'
p9
aS'Baron Funds Comments on Cerus Corp GuruFocus.com - Jan 20, 2017 Cerus Corporation  has an FDA and EU approved device that inactivates pathogens such as viruses and bacteria in donated blood.'
p10
a.