(lp0
S'How Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Stock Could Double Investorplace.com - Apr 11, 2017 Chesapeake Energy Corporation  analysts expect CHK to turn a profit of 75 cents per share this year. Next year, that could easily rise to above $1 per share.Chesapeake Energy: This Bull Is All Bull - Seeking AlphaBill Nygren Comments on Chesapeake Energy Corp - GuruFocus.com'
p1
aS"Chesapeake Declares Wyoming Oil Economical Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 This piece follows up on one I wrote back in early February commenting on Chesapeake Energy Corporation's  Powder River Basin ambitions."
p2
aS"Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Dips 3.4% for April 17 Equities.com - 11 hours ago Among the S&amp;P 500's biggest fallers on Monday April 17 was Chesapeake Energy Corporation . The stock experienced a 3.4% decline to $5.69 with 49.55 million shares changing hands.UBS Upgrade its coverage for Chesapeake Energy Corporation  - StandardOracleChesapeake Energy Corporation declined in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free Observer"
p3
aS'Agree To Buy Chesapeake Energy Corp. At $3, Earn 12.3% Using Options Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Chesapeake Energy Corp.  shares, but cautious about paying the going market price of $6.01/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.Chesapeake Energy: What You Must Remember - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS"Chesapeake's Next Major Divestment Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2017 After posting its disappointing Q4 results near the end of February it wasn't until the end of March that investors got another update on Chesapeake Energy Corporation . One key asset to watch going forward is its Mid-Continent position,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Chesapeake Energy: Bullish Production Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2017 Chesapeake Energy's  price action yesterday was no surprise as I advocated being patient a few days back. The macro factors along with the market conditions are lining up nicely for the oil and gas companies to thrive in the next few quarters.Chesapeake Energy Corporation Notifies Holders Of Its 2.5% Contingent ... - PR Newswire Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Is Strangling the Shorts - Investorplace.com"
p6
aS'Chesapeake Energy And The Oil Conundrum Seeking Alpha - Mar 31, 2017 Chesapeake Energy Corp.  is an oil &amp; natural gas exploration and production company. Along with many other energy exploration and production companies, CHK has been losing money after the energy price crash.'
p7
aS"Chesapeake Energy: Be Patient Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 The stock price has come under pressure due to the overall market conditions in the commodities market. Traders have put further pressure with their bearish bets as the short-interest has gone up.Chesapeake Energy Corporation  Stock Is an Absolute Steal Right Now - Investorplace.comChesapeake Energy's stock could double in a year, analyst says - MarketWatch"
p8
aS"Chesapeake Energy: Liquidity Matters Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Chesapeake's high financial leverage and high operational leverage are the obvious culprits of the most recent underperformance."
p9
aS'Chesapeake Energy - The Death Cross Might Not Hold Seeking Alpha - Mar 25, 2017 There is good news for Chesapeake Energy  investors: the stock seems to have established a support around $5 which greatly reduces the possibility of an immediate decline.'
p10
a.