(lp0
S'Form 8-K CHAMPION INDUSTRIES INC For: Jan 20 StreetInsider.com - Jan 20, 2016 On January 18, 2016, the Board of Directors of Champion Industries, Inc.  approved a 1-for-200 reverse stock split of the outstanding shares of its Class A Common Stock.'
p1
aS'Louis J. Akers Jr., former Ferris, Baker Watts vice chair Baltimore Sun - Dec 7, 2016 Mr. Akers sat on the boards of directors of Champion Industries Inc. and Portec Rail Products Inc. He was also a past president of Metrec of West Virginia.'
p2
aS"Edmonton Screen Industries Office stepping up as city's new movie-industry ... Edmonton Journal - Mar 9, 2017 But after two years, four town halls and a wide-reaching survey of interested parties, the brand-new Edmonton Screen Industries Office now has its nine-person board of local community leaders. George Matteotti of the City's Economic and Environmental&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Carl Icahn to Champion Decreased Regulation as Trump Adviser Bloomberg - Dec 22, 2016 ... including insurer American International Group Inc., liquefied natural gas exporter Cheniere Energy Inc., refiners CVR Energy Inc. and CVR Refining LP, miner Freeport-McMoran Inc., and railroad car group American Railcar Industries Inc. Icahn is ...'
p4
aS'3 Dividend Champions We Refuse to Buy Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 Cory Renauer : Income-seeking investors can find a lot to like about this Dividend Champion. Its iconic brands are an extremely durable competitive advantage. The steady source of profits has allowed it to raise cash ...'
p5
aS'NC senator who champions fossil fuels happened to get industry money for 20 years McClatchy Washington Bureau - Sep 29, 2016 The coal, oil and natural gas industries, along with executives and lobbyists for electric utilities and nuclear power companies that Burr also has supported, have rewarded him with nearly $1.7 million in campaign donations since he first won a seat in ...'
p6
aS'Martha named Supreme Champion of 2016 World Dairy Expo Dairy Herd Management - Oct 9, 2016 ... and Top Bred and Owned, along with Senior and Grand Champion Female during the International Holstein Show at World Dairy Expo.'
p7
aS'The University of Chicago worries about a lack of competition The Economist - Apr 12, 2017 But by the 1970s the economy was sputtering, and America Inc was losing ground to Japanese and European industry. Free-market scholars at the Chicago school argued that the pendulum had swung too far towards the state and antitrust action.'
p8
aS'SEIA Crowns More US Solar Champions Solar Industry - Feb 16, 2017 The Solar Energy Industries Association  has presented both U.S. Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., and U.S. Rep. George Holding, R-N.'
p9
aS'Former KU national champion, two-time Olympian Bill Hougland dies at 86 KUsports - Mar 7, 2017 After eight years with Phillips Petrolium in Bartlesville, Okla., Hougland went to work for Koch Industries, the parent company of Koch Oil, Inc., in Wichita. He became vice president for Koch Industries and president of Koch Oil before retiring in ...'
p10
a.