(lp0
S"Ciena Corporation  Extends Its Addressable Market by Unlocking ... Journal Transcript - Mar 27, 2017 The latest news from NASDAQ confirms that optical component leaders Lumentum , NeoPhotonics  and Oclaro  will each influence Ciena's WaveLogic technology to build consistent optical modules that will recommend industry-leading&nbsp;...How Technical Charts Showing Right Now for Ciena Corporation  - TWNGEO, The GEO Group, Inc. - HugoPress"
p1
aS'Ciena Corporation  Is Now On The Radar Because Of Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 20 hours ago Ciena Corporation  is now trading with a very clear set of technicals. Taken together they paint a very compelling picture of how investors and traders should be approaching CIEN.Company Stock Review for Ciena Corporation  - Baldwin Journal'
p2
aS"Why Ciena Corp. Fell 10% in March Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2017 So Ciena's growth story will continue, with back-end systems freshly rebuilt to handle larger order volumes. Given the telecom industry's expected need to upgrade their long-haul networks over the next couple of years, that looks like a timely and ..."
p3
aS'Ciena Corporation: Ciena to Webcast Financial Community Event The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 11, 2017 Ciena Corporation  today announced its expected participation in the following upcoming event with the financial community.Is Ciena Corporation  Finding Support or Hitting Resistance? - USA Commerce DailyCiena Corp  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : James E Jr Moylan Sells 2000 ... - Energy Index'
p4
aS'Where Ciena Corporation  is sitting on the technical charts? USA Commerce Daily - 19 hours ago With all other things going on, Ciena Corporation  has been on a free fall - declining -10.2 percent in just three months.'
p5
aS"Ciena Corporation : An Examination Of The Chart For Today's Session NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 Ciena Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS'Ciena Corporation  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 29, 2017 Ciena Corporation is a network specialist that focuses on providing communications networking solutions. The Company operates through four segments: Converged Packet Optical, Packet Networking, Optical Transport, and Software and Services.'
p7
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Ciena Corporation Implied Price Swing ... CML News - Apr 4, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Ciena Corporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p8
aS"Ciena Corporation surged in the Previous Trading Session with the Change of 1.71% Free Observer - Mar 31, 2017 If you look at the company's income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, CIEN earned gross profit of 948.35 Million, in 2015 1.08 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Ciena Corporation ...Ciena Corporation  Institutional Ownership stands at 91.6 - The Newburgh PressStock Returns: Ciena Corporation  versus EchoStar Corporation ... - CML News"
p9
aS'All You Need To Know About Ciena Corporation  Revealed Perfectly In The ... NY Stock News - Apr 10, 2017 The technicals for Ciena Corporation  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p10
a.