(lp0
S'The Colgate-Palmolive Company  Rating Lowered to Neutral at Citigroup Inc. Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company  was downgraded by Citigroup Inc. from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research report issued on Monday.'
p1
aS'The Berenberg Bank Begins Coverage on Colgate-Palmolive Company  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 Several other research analysts also recently commented on CL. B. Riley reissued a neutral rating and set a $78.00 price target  on shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company in a research note on Friday, October 28th. Barclays PLC reissued a&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"The Colgate-Palmolive Company  Stake Raised by Crestwood Advisors LLC Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CL. WMS Partners LLC raised its position in Colgate-Palmolive Company by 7.0% in the second quarter. WMS Partners LLC now owns 7,278 shares of the company's&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold on Colgate-Palmolive ... Market Exclusive - 26 minutes ago Today, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated its Hold rating on Colgate-Palmolive Company  with a price target of $78.00.Colgate-Palmolive Webcasts 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call April ... - Yahoo FinanceHesitation to buy these stock might leave you disappointed: Colgate-Palmolive ... - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Procter &amp; Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive and CVS Health Nasdaq - 18 hours ago Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel , on 4/19/17, Procter &amp; Gamble Co. , Colgate-Palmolive Co. , and CVS Health Corporation  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Analyst Activity  Citigroup Inc Reiterates Neutral on Colgate-Palmolive ... Market Exclusive - Apr 7, 2017 Today, Citigroup Inc reiterated its Neutral rating on Colgate-Palmolive Company  with a price target of $76.00. There are 12 hold ratings, 3 buy ratings on the stock.These stock's might change the kismet of Investors: Colgate-Palmolive Company ... - StockNewsJournalMomentum Stock in Focus: Colgate-Palmolive Co.  - StandardOracle"
p6
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Company  Has Revealed It All In Its Chart NY Stock News - Apr 4, 2017 The technicals for Colgate-Palmolive Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p7
aS"Digging Up the Facts on Colgate-Palmolive Company  StockNewsJournal - Mar 31, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Personal Products. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $73.23, down from yesterday's close by -0.45%."
p8
aS"Colgate-Palmolive Expands Global Efforts to Make Every Drop of Water Count ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 To help shed light on global water shortages, Colgate-Palmolive Company will air its award winning 'Save Water' communication on World Water Day in over 70 countries as part of the company's global efforts to expand its #EveryDropCounts campaign.CDP A-List: Why It Matters - Lexology "
p9
aS"The Chart Readings For Colgate-Palmolive Company  Are In NY Stock News - Apr 13, 2017 Colgate-Palmolive Company  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics."
p10
a.