(lp0
S'Calamos Asset Management to be taken private by its owner InvestmentNews - Dec 19, 2016 Calamos Asset Management, one of the biggest money managers in Illinois, has agreed to be taken private by its longtime owner, founder and chairman, John Calamos, and its CEO, John Koudounis. The Naperville-based company, which manages money&nbsp;...Firm Founder John Calamos And CEO John Koudounis To Acquire Calamos Asset ... - PR Newswire Calamos founder and CEO announce plans to take money manager private - Chicago Daily Herald'
p1
aS'Calamos Asset Management, Inc. Executes Definitive Agreement To Be Acquired By ... PR Newswire  - Jan 11, 2017 NAPERVILLE, Ill., Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Calamos Asset Management, Inc.  , a publicly traded holding company which currently owns a minority stake of the investment firm Calamos Investments LLC, announced today that it&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'New York State Teachers Retirement System Sells 600 Shares of Calamos Asset ... The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Calamos Asset Management logo New York State Teachers Retirement System reduced its stake in shares of Calamos Asset Management, Inc  by 1.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Calamos Asset Management: IPO At $18.00 To Go Private At $8.25 Shares ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 20, 2016 The more recent 10-Q for the period ending September 2016, states that during the past nine months Treasury shares were purchased at an average price of $8.95.'
p4
aS'Calamos Partners LLC Completes Acquisition Of Calamos Asset Management, Inc. PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 NAPERVILLE, Ill., Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Calamos Partners LLC  and its subsidiary, CPCM Acquisition, Inc. , today announced the completion of its acquisition of Calamos Asset Management, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Calamos Asset Management's  CEO John Koudounis on Q3 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 27, 2016 Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on the Calamos Asset Management third quarter 2016 earnings call. My name ... Operating income and operating margin improved slightly in the current period as the Company had lower compensation expenses.Calamos Asset Management, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results and Declares ... - PR Newswire "
p6
aS'CPCM Acquisition Extends Offer Period For Tender Offer of Calamos Asset ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 15, 2017 CPCM Acquisition, Inc.  announced today that it is waiving the appraisal condition for its previously announced tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock  of Calamos Asset Management, Inc.'
p7
aS'Calamos Asset Management: Over 6% Yield And 50% Undervalued. Seeking Alpha - Sep 11, 2015 Calamos Asset Management Inc. Class A shares  showed up on my &quot;October Strategy&quot; Screen. As I explained in my previous article, I run this screen every fall after the summer doldrums to ferret out companies, which are solid financially but&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Lifshitz &amp; Miller Law Firm Announces Investigation of Calamos Asset Management ... PR Newswire  - Jan 17, 2017 Lifshitz &amp; Miller Law Firm Announces Investigation of Calamos Asset Management, Inc., CDI Corp., comScore, Inc., Earthstone Energy, Inc., Heritage Oaks Bancorp, Insmed Incorporated, OCI Partners LP and Vascular Solutions, Inc.'
p9
aS"Calamos faces whistleblower lawsuit Crain's Chicago Business - Sep 29, 2016 Calamos Investments, one of the state's biggest asset managers, has been struggling to stem investor outflows, and now it has another problem: a whistleblower lawsuit."
p10
a.