(lp0
S'Cleantech Solutions International Reports Full Year 2016 Results PR Newswire  - 22 hours ago WUXI, China, April 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cleantech Solutions International, Inc.   today announced its financial results for year ended December 31, 2016.'
p1
aS'Cleantech Solutions International Regains Compliance with NASDAQ Minimum Bid ... PR Newswire  - Apr 7, 2017 WUXI, China, April 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cleantech Solutions International, Inc.   today announced that it received a letter from The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC  notifying the Company&nbsp;...Cleantech Solutions  Announces Compliance with NASDAQ Minimum Bid Price ... - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'Cleantech Solutions International Inc  Is An Undervalued Situation Insider Financial - Apr 12, 2017 The manufacturing company, Cleantech Solutions International, Inc. , is our new profile. On April 7, 2017, the company received a letter from the Nasdaq informing CLNT that it regained compliance with Nasdaq listing requitement.'
p3
aS'BRIEF-Cleantech Solutions International Inc files for non-timely 10-k Reuters - Mar 31, 2017 April 14 United Airlines said on Friday it is changing its policy on booking its own flight crews onto its planes after a man was dragged off an overbooked flight to make way for a United employee on Sunday, video of which went viral and made the ...'
p4
aS'4.90 MarketWatch - Jul 4, 2011 Cleantech Solutions International, Inc. engages in manufacturing of metal components and assemblies used in clean technology, manufacturing industries, textile dyeing, and finishing machines.'
p5
aS'Cleantech Solutions International Purchases Patent Technology for Textile ... PR Newswire  - Jun 16, 2016 WUXI, China, June 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cleantech Solutions International, Inc.  , today announced that on June 13, 2016, its variable interest entity, Wuxi Huayang Dyeing Machinery Co.'
p6
aS'CLEANTECH SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into ... Market Exclusive - Apr 6, 2017 Cleantech Solutions International, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells textile dyeing and finishing machines and sells forged products and fabricated products to a range of clean technology customers, including high precision forged ...'
p7
aS"Does Cleantech Solutions International Inc's  Low Debt-Load Make It ... Simply Wall St - Mar 29, 2017 Companies with small market capitalization such as Cleantech Solutions International Inc , while they can deliver high growth, financial strength is the deciding element in their long-term existence.Top Loser to watch: Cleantech Solutions International, Inc.'s  stock ... - WsNews 4investors"
p8
aS'CLEANTECH SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation ... Market Exclusive - Apr 10, 2017 Cleantech Solutions International, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells textile dyeing and finishing machines and sells forged products and fabricated products to a range of clean technology customers, including high precision forged ...Cleantech Solutions International, Inc.  closed the last trading session ... - StandardOracleCleantech Solutions International, Inc.  Stock on the upside - The Newburgh Press'
p9
aS'CLEANTECH SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Amendments ... Market Exclusive - Mar 1, 2017 CLEANTECH SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.'
p10
a.