(lp0
S'Columbus McKinnon Completes Acquisition of Magnetek GlobeNewswire  - Sep 2, 2015 AMHERST, N.Y., Sept. 2, 2015  -- Columbus McKinnon Corporation , a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of material handling products, today announced that, through a wholly owned subsidiary, it has&nbsp;...Magnetek sale to New York-based manufacturer completed - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p1
aS'Columbus McKinnon Corp. Hoists Itself Above Its Competitors Motley Fool - Feb 19, 2014 Columbus McKinnon  is one notable exception; it is the largest manufacturer of hoists in the U.S. and also provides other material handling products such as rigging tools, cranes, and actuators.'
p2
aS'Columbus McKinnon Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call and Webcast GlobeNewswire  - Jan 12, 2017 AMHERST, N.Y., Jan. 12, 2017  -- Columbus McKinnon Corporation , a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of material handling products, technologies and services, announced today that it has scheduled a&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Mark Morelli named new CEO at Columbus McKinnon Corp. Buffalo Business First - Feb 28, 2017 Mark Morelli has been appointed president and CEO of Columbus McKinnon Corp., the Amherst-based manufacturing company. He will replace the retiring Timothy Tevens, who had served as president and CEO sine 1998.'
p4
aS'Columbus McKinnon Corp.  Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Columbus McKinnon Corp. logo Columbus McKinnon Corp.  declared a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, March 28th.The Columbus McKinnon Corp.  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS'Columbus McKinnon CEO, Timothy T. Tevens, Announces Plans to Retire GlobeNewswire  - Sep 15, 2016 AMHERST, N.Y., Sept. 15, 2016  -- Columbus McKinnon Corporation , a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of material handling products, technologies and services, today announced that Timothy T. Tevens,&nbsp;...Columbus McKinnon  CEO Tevens to Retire - StreetInsider.com'
p6
aS'Columbus McKinnon Poised For An Industrial Recovery, But So Is The Street Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 This may be obvious to many readers and investors, but timing is an invaluable part of the investment process. A couple of months ago, Columbus McKinnon  would have looked like a significantly undervalued and overlooked play on a&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Columbus McKinnon: A Rock Solid Company You've Probably Never Heard Of Seeking Alpha - May 29, 2015 Columbus McKinnon is a relatively small industrial products manufacturer that has received little coverage from Wall Street."
p8
aS'Columbus McKinnon to Acquire Magnetek, Inc. GlobeNewswire  - Jul 27, 2015 AMHERST, N.Y. and MENOMONEE FALLS, Wis., July 27, 2015  -- Columbus McKinnon Corporation , a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of material handling products, and Magnetek, Inc. &nbsp;...Magnetek to be purchased by Columbus McKinnon Corp. for $188.9 million - Milwaukee Business JournalColumbus McKinnon announces nearly $200M acquisition of Wisconsin-based company - Buffalo Business First'
p9
aS'Multiple crews respond to fire at Columbus McKinnon in Abingdon WJHL - Jan 20, 2017 DAMASCUS, VA  - Abingdon Fire Department confirmed to New Channel 11 that multiple agencies responded to a fire at the Columbus McKinnon Corporation building in Damascus, Virginia. According to the Damascus Fire Chief, the call came in&nbsp;...'
p10
a.