(lp0
S'Why Chinese Stocks Leave US Investors Vulnerable U.S. News & World Report - Nov 13, 2014 China Marine Food Group Ltd., a Chinese company then on the New York Stock Exchange, spent $27 million in January 2010 to acquire a firm whose main asset was &quot;algae-based drink know-how.'
p1
aS"Food firm gets taste for growth China Daily - Nov 6, 2016 The energy, chemical and liquid food equipment company is a major subsidiary of China International Marine Containers  Ltd, the country's largest transportation equipment producer by revenue. In June, the subsidiary bought out the United&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Weetabix to be sold to US company Post Holdings Eagle Radio - 2 hours ago A spokesman for Bright Food Group, a Chinese company, said it has agreed to sell the iconic brand to Post Holdings for 1.4bn.'
p3
aS"Business Breakfast RECAP: Facebook taking money for hoax adverts despite fake ... ChronicleLive - 2 hours ago CRRC is one of the world's largest manufacturers of rolling stock, employing 175,000 people and providing trains for rail operators in China, Malaysia, Argentina and the US. .... The enterprising marine expert set up the business, which offers seaweed ..."
p4
aS'Taiwan launches $1.9bn bailout for big shipping groups Financial Times - Nov 17, 2016 China urged its largest shipbuilders 18 months ago to merge amid industry chaos, as several smaller shipping groups and yards either declared bankruptcy or had their assets frozen.'
p5
aS"US Marines 'spread nude photos of female soldiers in secret Facebook group' The Independent - Mar 6, 2017 Senior US lawmakers have condemned the suspected distribution of nude photographs of female Marines to military personnel and veterans via a social media network that promotes sexual violence, and called on the Marine Corps to fully investigate."
p6
aS'From sea to plate: how plastic got into our fish The Guardian - Feb 14, 2017 Now, UK supermarkets are being lobbied to create plastic-free aisles by the campaign group A Plastic Planet, as a feature-length documentary, A Plastic Ocean, is released in Britain this week. We are finally paying attention to the pollution that has ...'
p7
aS'Hanjin Shipping bankruptcy causes turmoil in global sea freight The Guardian - Sep 2, 2016 The Korea International Trade Association said on Thursday that about 10 Hanjin vessels in China have been either seized or were expected to seized by charterers, port authorities or other parties.'
p8
aS"Footage from China sparks fears over whether your rice could be made out of ... Daily Mail - Nov 9, 2016 People expressed their concerns over food safety on various social media platforms, including Weibo. One person wrote on Weibo: 'Maybe we shall start planting our own rice.Shocking insider footage shows white pieces of plastic 'being shredded to make ... - Mirror.co.uk"
p9
aS'Weetabix may be sold in 1bn deal FoodManufacture.co.uk - Dec 20, 2016 Weetabix had showed little growth since it was bought by Bright Food Group four years ago, sources said. So the company was expected to sell for about 1bn - similar to the sum it was bought for.'
p10
a.