(lp0
S'Compass Minerals: Salt Play Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 A company well diversified, expanding in the agriculture business with a well-timed acquisition of a Brazilian company, with an attractive dividend yield and a very solid business in the salt segment. . Compass Minerals ...Compass Minerals International Inc Risk Points versus Materials - CML NewsBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Compass Minerals International, Inc ... - The USA Commerce'
p1
aS"Compass Minerals International, Inc. Reports Mixed Demand, Declining Profits Motley Fool - Jul 28, 2016 Despite a surge in winter weather in April, a mild 2015 winter is expected to weigh on Compass Minerals' sales this year. Image source: Getty Images."
p2
aS'Compass Minerals: Due North For Your Portfolio Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2017 We are squarely in that time of year again - not enough sunlight to piddle around outside or play in the yard with the kids after work.'
p3
aS"CFO Moves: Compass Minerals International, Westmoreland Coal, Itron Wall Street Journal   - Mar 29, 2017 Compass Minerals International Inc., an Overland Park, Kan., minerals producer, named Patrick Linehan chief financial officer, effective April 3. Mr. Linehan will also serve as the company's principal accounting and financial officer.Form 8-K COMPASS MINERALS INTERNA For: Mar 28 - StreetInsider.comCompass Minerals International, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks ... - Community Financial News"
p4
aS'Compass Minerals International, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Compass Minerals International, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 27, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.72 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.'
p5
aS'Entry Point At Hand For Compass Minerals Seeking Alpha - Apr 22, 2016 I have found Compass Minerals  to be a useful such security from its long-term chart behavior and its increasing dividends.'
p6
aS"Moody's downgrades Compass Minerals' CFR to Ba2, rates new term loan Moodys.com   - Sep 29, 2016 New York, September 28, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  downgraded the corporate family rating of Compass Minerals International, Inc.  to Ba2 from Ba1 and the probability of default rating to Ba2-PD from Ba1-PD. Moody's&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Compass Minerals Posts a Double Win Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Compass Minerals International  has two very different business segments, one of which focuses on road salt for highway use and the other of which offers nutritional products for plants.Compass Minerals International's  CEO Fran Malecha on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking AlphaWhy Compass Minerals International is the 'Top Dividend Stock of the S&amp;P ... - Nasdaq"
p8
aS"CFO steps down from Compass Minerals Kansas City Business Journal - Nov 3, 2016 One of the metro area's top public companies is searching for a new CFO. Overland Park-based Compass Minerals International Inc. announced that Matthew Foulston is leaving the company to pursue a CFO position at a Chicago-based public company."
p9
aS'Compass Minerals Suffers Falling Sales, Earnings as Winter Approaches Motley Fool - Nov 1, 2015 Anyone who drives in winter can appreciate what Compass Minerals International  provides for local governments, with road salt making up a key part of its overall business.'
p10
a.