(lp0
S"Why Has Coach Inc.'s Stock Price Increased Over 15% Since The Beginning Of The ... Trefis - 17 hours ago Affordable luxury brand Coach  has been making a very persuasive argument that it has turned around its fortunes. A breakdown by Market Watch noted that, among the S&amp;P 500 companies, only two retailers, namely Coach Inc. and O'Reilly&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Coach Inc. Names Joshua Schulman President &amp; CEO Of Coach Brand - Quick Facts Nasdaq - Apr 6, 2017  - Coach, Inc.  announced the appointment of Joshua Schulman as President and CEO of the Coach brand, effective June 5, 2017.Coach Names Joshua Schulman Brand President and CEO - The Business of FashionCoach Makes Big New Hires Ahead of Likely Brand Acquisitions - Fortune'
p2
aS'Why Does A Deal Between Kate Spade And Coach Inc. Make Sense? Trefis - Apr 10, 2017 The shares of the affordable luxury retailer Kate Spade fell by as much as 8% once news surfaced that the company will spend a few more weeks negotiating a potential sale of the company, after it received an offer from Coach . Such a move&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Kate Spade Tanks as Talks With Coach Fall Through Investopedia - Apr 5, 2017 While nothing is certain, a deal would make sense for beaten-down luxury brands Michael Kors and Coach as the companies struggle with changing consumer shopping habits and the diminishing value of their exclusive brand image.Kate Spade shares slide on report of more time needed for Coach bid - MarketWatchExclusive: Kate Spade seeks more time for talks after Coach bid - sources - Reuters'
p4
aS'Coach: Getting Ready To Become A Multi-Brand Fashion Giant? Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 News has come out in the last several weeks hinting that Coach, Inc.  seeks to move beyond its revitalized namesake brand and is ready to re-imagine the company as a multi-brand American fashion umbrella-company with a stable of brands in&nbsp;...Brokerages Set Coach Inc  Price Target at $42.96 - Sports PerspectivesCoach Inc  Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'Cwm LLC Raises Position in Coach Inc  Markets Daily - 12 hours ago Coach logo Cwm LLC raised its position in Coach Inc  by 104.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Coach Inc  Position Reduced by Highland Capital Management LLC - Sports PerspectivesPiper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Coach Inc  a $43.00 Price Target - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS"BRIEF-Coach Inc says Coach brand CEO Joshua Schulman to get initial base ... Reuters - Apr 6, 2017 NEW YORK, April 17 Trimming the U.S. central bank's $4.5 trillion balance sheet &quot;in effect&quot; tightens U.S. monetary policy, Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer said on Monday, though he added that there would likely be little impact on Fed policy."
p7
aS'Could Coach Inc. Be A Takeover Target? Trefis - Mar 24, 2017 The latest takeover speculation in the highly competitive handbag industry is of Coach  as an acquisition target.'
p8
aS'Coach, Inc.  Has Revealed It All In Its Chart NY Stock News - Apr 3, 2017 The technicals for Coach, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p9
aS'What Coach, Inc.  Is Telling Investors Via Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - Apr 13, 2017 Coach, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p10
a.