(lp0
S'Rockwell Collins acquires B/E Aerospace, including Tucson operation Arizona Daily Star - 9 hours ago B/E Aerospace has been rebranded Rockwell Collins, and its stock has stopped trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Under the deal, B/E shareholders received about one-third of a share in Rockwell Collins plus about $34 a share cash for each of their&nbsp;...Rockwell Collins acquires B/E Aerospace for USD 8.6bn - FinancialNews.co.uk Rockford B/E Aerospace plant closing, 42 positions eliminated - WIFR'
p1
aS'Rockwell Collins  Acquires B/E Aerospace for $8.6B Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago B/E Aerospace has been rebranded Rockwell Collins with immediate effect. The former president and chief executive officer of B/E Aerospace, Werner Lieberherr, took up the position of executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Rockwell ...Analyst Activity  Cowen and Company Reiterates Outperform on Rockwell Collins ... - Market ExclusiveRockwell Collins, Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"Rockwell Collins completes $8.6 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Winston-Salem Journal - Apr 13, 2017 Amir Khoury, B/E's chairman, told employees Oct. 23 that Rockwell Collins is the perfect fit for our employees and our customers.Rockwell Collins aims to sell more seats directly to Boeing, Airbus - Yahoo FinanceRockwell Collins Completes B/E Aerospace Acquisition - Quick Facts - Nasdaq"
p3
aS'Rockwell Collins Names Adam Palmer Vice President of Investor Relations Business Wire  - 19 hours ago CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa----Rockwell Collins announced today that Adam Palmer has been appointed vice president, Investor Relations.'
p4
aS'Rockwell Collins  Wins $142M Navy Deal for TCTS Inc II Yahoo Finance - Mar 29, 2017 Rockwell Collins, Inc. COL secured a contract from the U.S. Navy for procurement of the Tactical Combat Training System Increment II  for environment improvement of the air combat training with rangeless air combat.Trade of the Day: Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Stock Sets Its Sights on 20% Gain - Investorplace.com'
p5
aS'Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Is Making A Strong Argument Through Its Technicals NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for Rockwell Collins, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p6
aS"Exclusive - Embraer, Rockwell Collins eye shared remote sensing portfolio Reuters UK - Apr 4, 2017 Joint sales with Rockwell Collins could open new markets to Embraer's fledgling defence portfolio, which grew as Brazil's military spending surged early this decade before the government delayed or scaled back several programs due to a deep recession.Rockwell Collins, Embraer to combine products for defense sales - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Rockwell Collins, Inc. : Getting Technical With The Stock USA Commerce Daily - 18 hours ago With all other things going on, Rockwell Collins, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 7.28 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS'Rockwell Collins Inc.: Savis, Bradar and Rockwell Collins announce a defense ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 7, 2017 RIO de JANEIRO, Brazil  - Savis and Bradar-affiliated companies to Embraer Defense &amp; Security-and Rockwell Collins announced this week at LAAD Defence &amp; Security a cooperation agreement to jointly evaluate business opportunities in&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Deals Rumor Mill: Rockwell Collins, Stada, Blackstone Law360  - Apr 5, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Aerospace company Rockwell Collins Inc. will receive unconditional approval from the European Commission for its blockbuster multibillion-dollar acquisition of B/E Aerospace Inc., Reuters reported on&nbsp;...'
p10
a.