(lp0
S'Columbia Sportswear Company Elevates David Lawner to Senior Vice President of ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 29, 2017 Columbia Sportswear Company , a leading innovator in the active outdoor apparel, footwear, accessories and equipment industries, today named David Lawner Senior Vice President of North America Direct-to-Consumer , elevating him from&nbsp;...Insider Trading Activity Columbia Sportswear Company   EVP Sold ... - Market ExclusiveColumbia Sportswear Company  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'Columbia Sportswear Company  Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.08 Markets Daily - 8 hours ago Columbia Sportswear Company logo Media headlines about Columbia Sportswear Company  have been trending somewhat negative on Monday, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis.Columbia Sportswear Company  Cut to &quot;Sell&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives$0.42 Earnings Per Share Expected for Columbia Sportswear Company  This ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS'Columbia Sportswear Company to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 5, 2017 Columbia Sportswear Company  plans to release financial results of its first quarter 2017 at approximately 4:00p.m. ET on Thursday, April 27, 2017.Columbia Sportswear Company  Receives $65.27 Average Price Target from ... - Sports PerspectivesStock Returns: Coach Inc  is Beating Columbia Sportswear Company ... - CML News'
p3
aS'Why You Should Avoid Columbia Sportswear  for Now Nasdaq - Mar 31, 2017 Apparel retailer Columbia Sportswear Company COLM has been under immense pressure of late. Currency headwinds, soft sales in the U.S.Columbia Sportswear Company  Short Interest Up 39.0% in February - The Cerbat GemComerica Bank Boosts Position in Columbia Sportswear Company  - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS'Columbia Sportswear Issues 2017 Guidance - Quick Facts Nasdaq - Feb 9, 2017  - Columbia Sportswear Company  announced, for fiscal 2017, the company targets: net sales growth of approximately 4 percent compared with 2016 net sales of $2.38 billion, including approximately 1 percentage point negative&nbsp;...Columbia Sportswear  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaColumbia Sportswear  Q4 Earnings Beat, Sales Miss - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"Columbia Sportswear's CEO slams Trump's proposed border tax: 'We will all be ... CNBC - Mar 9, 2017 Columbia Sportswear's CEO Tim Boyle is not impressed with President Trump's proposal of a border adjustment tax. &quot;This is going to be bad not only for the consumers of the United States, but it's going to be bad for companies that do business ...Columbia Sportswear: Cramer's Top Takeaways - TheStreet.com"
p6
aS"BRIEF-Columbia Sportswear company announces appointment of Joe Vernachio as ... Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Columbia Sportswear Likely to Bounce Back: Should You Hold? Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 Columbia Sportswear Company COLM has been grappling with multiple issues of late. Currency headwinds, soft sales in the U.S.'
p8
aS"Thrillseekers apply here! Outdoor clothing firm advertises for 'Directors Of ... Daily Mail - Sep 2, 2016 Thrillseekers of the world are set to battle it out for their dream job - as a daring 'Director of Toughness' who travels the planet testing out sportswear. Outdoor clothing company Columbia, are searching for two adventurous new employees to travel ...Columbia Sportswear Interviewing Adventurers for Directors of Toughness - WWDThis Job Will Pay You $39k to Travel the World and Brave Its Most Extreme ... - Thrillist"
p9
aS"Columbia Sportswear sues former exec, Redmond tech company over hacking The Seattle Times - Mar 6, 2017 The Oregon outdoor-apparel company alleges in a lawsuit that its departing IT senior director created a dummy account on Columbia's computer system and subsequently used it to access corporate emails and other internal Columbia documents hundreds of&nbsp;...Ex penetrated us almost 700 times through secret backdoor, biz alleges - The RegisterColumbia says it was hacked for 2 years in lawsuit against ex-staffer - OregonLive.com"
p10
a.