(lp0
S"Can Cott Corporation Regain its Fizz? The Motley Fool Canada - Mar 23, 2017 Cott Corporation  is a private supplier of soft drinks to Canada, America, Mexico, Europe and the U.K. You've probably never heard of many of the company's products, including Red Rooster, MacB, Blue Charge, Cott's 24, or RC Cola ..."
p1
aS"Cott Corporation's Comeback Hits a Roadblock The Motley Fool Canada - Sep 29, 2016 Ever since Cott Corporation  announced its second-quarter earnings August 4, the news wires have gotten awfully quiet, and so has Cott's stock, which is down 7% over the past two months."
p2
aS'Cott Corp. Is Worth The Risk Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 The combination of high financial leverage and integration risk from recent acquisitions has turned the market sour on Cott Corp., but the fears are overblown. The current valuation implies little faith in management, but management has shown that it ...EPS for Stillwater Mining Company  Expected At $0.05, Levin Capital ... - HuronReportEye-Catching Stocks: Cott Corporation  , Restaurant Brands ... - NYSE Journal '
p3
aS'Cott Corporation acquires coffee roaster S&amp;D Coffee for $355m FoodBev.com - Aug 5, 2016 Cott Corporation has entered into a definitive stock purchase agreement to acquire S&amp;D Coffee, a premium coffee roaster and provider of customised coffee, tea and extract solutions to the US foodservice, convenience and hospitality segments. The ...S&amp;D Coffee &amp; Tea Acquired by Beverage Giant Cott Corporation - Daily Coffee NewsS&amp;D Coffee to be sold to Cott Corporation - WBTV'
p4
aS"Cott Corp.  to Acquire S&amp;D Coffee in $355M Deal; Reports Q2 Results StreetInsider.com - Aug 4, 2016 The acquisition broadens the distribution platform of Cott's existing DS Services coffee business in the United States by adding a leading scale platform with in-house roasting, grinding and blending capabilities alongside a national distribution system."
p5
aS"Cott Corporation   Will Redeem Some Outstanding Notes Market Exclusive - Apr 6, 2017 Cott Corporation   has revealed that DS Services of America, a subsidiary it wholly owns, has notified Wilmington Trust that it will redeem approximately $100 million of outstanding notes that it currently holds.Cott Corporation's  stock price is Worth at $12.01 while ends Wednesday ... - Hot Stocks PointCott  Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.07 - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS'Why Cott Corporation  , Jack in the Box Inc.  and Square Inc ... Investorplace.com - Aug 4, 2016 The Bank of England lowered interest rates and weekly jobless claims rose slightly ahead of Fridays July jobs report, but broader equity indexes were able to eke out small gains.'
p7
aS'Cott Corporation expanding Tampa headquarters, adding jobs Florida Trend - Jan 13, 2017 That makes this region increasingly attractive to us. With over 12,000 employees, Cott maintains operations in 20 countries worldwide.Tampa beverage company Cott Corp. expanding headquarters by 60 jobs, investing ... - Tampabay.comNC staffing firm BlueLine Associates moves headquarters to Tampa, Cott Corp ... - TBO.com'
p8
aS"Cott Corporation to acquire water delivery company Eden Springs FoodBev.com - Jun 7, 2016 Cott Corporation has entered into a definitive share purchase agreement to acquire Eden Springs, a European home and office water delivery  company, for 470 million.Israel's Eden Spring Is Acquired by Canada's Cott Corporation - HaaretzEden Springs - What has Cott Corp bought? - The Facts - just-drinks.com "
p9
aS'After Falling 36%, Is It Time To Start Sipping On Cott Corporation? Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 Cott was one of the best performers of 2015 and the first half of 2016 due to being an unloved, easy-to-understand business turning around through acquisitions.'
p10
a.