(lp0
S'Market: The American International Group Inc. Acquires 64 Shares of Cepheid  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 27, 2017 Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of CPHD. First Mercantile Trust Co.'
p1
aS'Danaher Buys Cepheid for $4 Billion in First Deal Since Spinoff Bloomberg - Sep 6, 2016 Danaher Corp. made its first big deal since spinning off its industrial businesses in July to focus on science and technology, with the acquisition of medical diagnostics company Cepheid for $4 billion, including debt. The offer, at $53 a share, is 54 ...Danaher to buy Cepheid for about $4 billion, including debt - CNBCResearch Company Danaher Is Buying Cepheid for $4 Billion - Fortune'
p2
aS'New Cepheid TB Assay Expected to Benefit Patients With Hard-to-Detect Illness GenomeWeb - Mar 28, 2017 NEW YORK  - A Mycobacterium tuberculosis assay launched by Cepheid last week is likely to increase the number of pediatric, extrapulmonary, and HIV co-infected TB cases detected.'
p3
aS"Cepheid Wins FDA Approval for Xpress Flu, Flu/RSV Tests GenomeWeb - Feb 15, 2017 NEW YORK  - Cepheid's Xpert Xpress Flu and Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV tests have received clearance from the US Food and Drug Administration, the firm announced today."
p4
aS'Cepheid  Announces Final Regulatory Hurdles Cleared to Close Danaher ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 24, 2016 Cepheid  announced that antitrust clearances have been received or the requisite waiting periods have expired, as applicable, in the United States, Germany, Austria and South Africa, which comprise all of the governmental approvals&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Cepheid Announces Appointment of President and Chief Operating Officer and ... PR Newswire  - Feb 10, 2016 SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cepheid  today announced that Warren Kocmond, formerly Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, has been promoted to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer.'
p6
aS'Cepheid Receives FDA Clearance for MRSA MDx GenomeWeb - Dec 19, 2016 NEW YORK  - Cepheid announced today that it has received clearance from the US Food and Drug Administration for its Xpert MRSA NxG, a test for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus  infection.Cepheid Announces FDA Clearance of Next-Generation Test for MRSA Colonization - PR Newswire '
p7
aS'Danaher Completes Acquisition Of Cepheid PR Newswire  - Nov 4, 2016 In the merger, each outstanding share of Cepheid common stock was cancelled and  converted into the right to receive $53.00 per share in cash, without interest.'
p8
aS'Cepheid Targets Development of a Point of Care HIV Viral Load Test From a Few ... PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 SUNNYVALE, Calif., Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Millions of patients, including newborns, in primary health care settings could gain access to a potentially life-changing test for HIV viral load monitoring thanks to a new development effort from ...'
p9
aS"Cepheid Gets FDA Approval for Trichomonas Test in Men GenomeWeb - Sep 7, 2016 Trichomonas is a nonviral sexually transmitted disease caused by infection with the protozoan parasite Trichomonas vaginalis. Xpert TV, which runs on Cepheid's GeneXpert system, received FDA approval for use in women via urine, endocervical swab,&nbsp;..."
p10
a.