(lp0
S"China Couldn't Make Its Own Ballpoint PensUntil Now Fortune - Jan 10, 2017 ... used to make the pens' tips from Japanat a cost of roughly $17.3 million a year. The making of the tips requires high-precision machinery and very hard, ultra-thin steel plates, the BBC reports, something that China has been unable to master ...Pen power: China closer to ballpoint success - BBC NewsChina is finally able to manufacture its own ballpoint pens - Mashable"
p1
aS"AK Steel Holding Corporation  4Q2016 Earnings Top Estimates WallStreetPR - Feb 28, 2017 AK Steel surpassed earnings projections in 4Q2016, supported by its cost-decline measures. The company's adjusted earnings of $0.25 a share for 4Q2016 exceled the Zacks Consensus projection of $0.07 per share."
p2
aS"Why cracking the secret of the ball-point pen is such a big deal for Taiyuan Steel South China Morning Post - Feb 1, 2017 Taiyuan Iron &amp; Steel Group's recent breakthrough in producing the metal ball casing for ball-point pens could herald more technological advancement by Chinese steel producers to reduce imports for some key products, according to analysts. The ..."
p3
aS"Ballpoint pens and the danger of China's 'one-dragon' policy Financial Times - Apr 10, 2017 It then has Hon Hai Precision Industry, the Taiwanese company better known as Foxconn, and other contract manufacturers assemble the handsets at low cost in China. Apple, meanwhile, develops software and works with other US companies to build apps."
p4
aS'Chinese giant to build six UK pre-fab housing factories Construction Enquirer - Dec 19, 2016 The Government has helped to broker the 2.5bn deal that will see the China National Building Material Company build six offsite factories around the UK.'
p5
aS'Finally! After years of trying, China celebrates ballpoint pen breakthrough Sky News - Jan 13, 2017 Firstly, it did not have machines with the precision needed to cut a tiny ball-bearing accurately, meaning the balls had to be imported from Switzerland.Asia in 3 minutes: Free condoms for Filipinos, ballpoint pens for China, and a ... - South China Morning Post'
p6
aS"China frets over new EU anti-dumping duties on steel EurActiv - Feb 28, 2017 China expressed concerns on Tuesday  over what it said was increasing protectionism after European Union regulators imposed new duties on steel imports from the world's biggest producer. The European Commission is seeking to protect EU&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Commission exploring how to protect EU steel market from China EurActiv - Mar 9, 2017 It doesn't look good for Beijing. Brussels and Washington still refuse to recognise China as a market economy and the Commission has proposed legislation that completely changes the rules for EU trade with third countries."
p8
aS'Some Final Stainless Sheet and Strip Anti-Dumping Duties Against China Hit 190% MetalMiner - Feb 3, 2017 Commerce also calculated a final subsidy rate of 75.6% for mandatory respondent Shanxi Taigang Stainless Steel Co. Ltd. (and its cross-owned companies TPCO Stainless Steel Co., Ltd., Shanxi Taigang Stainless Steel Precision Strip Co., Ltd., Taigang&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"At last - China learns how to make a ballpoint pen Stuff.co.nz - Jan 12, 2017 China simply didn't have a machine with the precision to cut a tiny ball-bearing accurately. While it supplied the world with 80 per cent of its ballpoint pens, all the balls came from Switzerland."
p10
a.