(lp0
S'Cree Inc  Option Trading Long Puts and Earnings CML News - Jan 14, 2017 As we look at Cree Inc we note that a long put is one of the most common implementations of an option strategy, but the analysis completed when employing the long put often times lacks the necessary rigor especially surrounding earnings.'
p1
aS'Document Security Systems  Announces Patent Infringement Lawsuit Against ... StreetInsider.com - 21 hours ago Document Security Systems, Inc.  announced today that it has filed lawsuits against Cree, Inc., Seoul Semiconductor Co.'
p2
aS'Cree Introduces Next Generation of Groundbreaking RSW LED Street Light Portfolio Business Wire  - 21 hours ago DURHAM, N.C.----Cree, Inc.  announces the next generation of its groundbreaking Cree RSW LED Street Light portfolio with the introduction of 2700K, 5000K and 70 Color Rendering Index  configurations, giving&nbsp;...Cree, Inc.  Cut to &quot;Hold&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemNew Cree NX Technology Platform Redefines LED Performance for Next Generation ... - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS"What You Must Know About Cree Inc's  Financial Health Simply Wall St - Apr 14, 2017 Although mid-cap stocks, such as Cree Inc  with a market-capitalization of USD $2.35 Billion, aren't as popular among investors, they have delivered the most impressive risk adjusted returns.Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Cree  Stock Price - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS"Cree, Inc. : Essential Chart Information NY Stock News - Apr 5, 2017 Cree, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p5
aS'Cree, Inc.  Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research BBNS - 1 hour ago Cree, Inc. logo Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cree, Inc.  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Tuesday.Cree, Inc.  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News'
p6
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: Cree, Inc. , Dave &amp; Buster's ... StockNewsJournal - Apr 10, 2017 Cree, Inc.  have shown a high EPS growth of -16.60% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 63.00% yoy."
p7
aS"Mover within Investors Observation: Cree, Inc.'s  Is stories - Apr 6, 2017 Cree, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -0.94% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 24.22. The company's last traded volume of 1.68 million shares was up it's an average volume of 1.12 million shares."
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Monolithic Power Systems Inc  is Beating Cree Inc ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Cree Inc  versus Monolithic Power Systems Inc  .'
p9
aS'3 Big Stock Charts for Friday: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , Cree, Inc ... Investorplace.com - Mar 24, 2017 The market is still trying to digest the uncertainty surrounding the politics that are ramping up in Washington, but the technical charts are seeing through all the noise to identify some changing trends.'
p10
a.