(lp0
S'Market: The Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.  Shares Bought ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 3, 2017 Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Boston Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Charles River Laboratories International during the second quarter valued at about $336,000. Retirement&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Charles River Laboratories International  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 Please go ahead. Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' fourth quarter 2016 earnings and 2017 guidance conference call and webcast.Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.  Set to Announce Quarterly ... - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS'Charles River Laboratories Schedules First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 12, 2017 Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.  will release first-quarter 2017 financial results on Wednesday, May 10th before the market opens. A conference call has been scheduled to discuss this information on Wednesday, May 10th, at 8:30 a.m. ET.Would You Buy Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.  On ... - Fiscal StandardTDK   EPS Estimated At $0.00, Last Week Charles River Laboratories ... - UtahHerald.com'
p3
aS"Charles River Laboratories International  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' third quarter 2016 earnings conference call and webcast."
p4
aS'Wall Street Views &amp; Consensus on Charles River Laboratories International, Inc ... The Herald - Apr 17, 2017 Out of the 11 covering equity analysts offering share ratings for Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. , 9 have shares rated as a Strong Buy while 0 analysts have the stock rated a Buy.$1.14 Earnings Per Share Expected for Charles River Laboratories Intl. Inc ... - The Cerbat GemRingCentral  Reaches $28.85 High on Apr, 17, Charles River Laboratories ... - MoneyMakingArticles'
p5
aS"Charles River Laboratories announces launch of triple-immunodeficient mouse ... Drug Target Review - Apr 4, 2017 The launch of Charles River's NCG model provides a significant opportunity to assist our clients in the development of life-saving, translational therapies, said Dr.Charles River Laboratories Intl. Inc  Position Boosted by Envestnet Asset ... - Sports PerspectivesCharles River Laboratories Intl.  Earning Positive News Coverage ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS'Charles River Laboratories and Chiesi Farmaceutici SpA Announce Extension of ... Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 WILMINGTON, Mass.----Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. , a leading early-stage contract research organization , today announced that it has extended its longstanding, strategic, integrated drug discovery&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Nimbus Therapeutics enters into strategic partnership with Charles River ... Drug Target Review - Apr 5, 2017 Nimbus Therapeutics and Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.  launched a multi-year strategic partnership to advance new programs spanning the disease areas of immunology, metabolic disorders and oncology from the discovery&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Charles River Laboratories Acquires Blue Stream Laboratories Business Wire  - Jun 27, 2016 WILMINGTON, Mass.----Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.  today announced that it has acquired Blue Stream Laboratories, Inc. Combining Blue Stream with Charles River's existing discovery, safety assessment,&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Charles River Laboratories to Present at Raymond James and Barclays Conferences Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 WILMINGTON, Mass.----Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.  announced today that it will present at the Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional Investors Conference in Orlando, Florida on Tuesday, March 7th,&nbsp;...Insider Trading Activity Charles River Laboratories Intl. Inc   EVP ... - Market ExclusiveCharles River Laboratories International Inc  Files Form 4 Insider ... - Energy Index'
p10
a.