(lp0
S"The Carbo Ceramics, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Feb 1, 2017 According to Zacks, CARBO Ceramics Inc. is the world's largest producer and supplier of ceramic proppants for use in the hydraulic fracturing of natural gas and oil wells."
p1
aS'The Brokerages Set Carbo Ceramics, Inc.  PT at $11.00 Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 Zacks Investment Research raised Carbo Ceramics from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $12.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 17th.'
p2
aS"The Carbo Ceramics, Inc.  Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 Carbo Ceramics, Inc.  posted its earnings results on Thursday. The company reported  earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of  by $0.12."
p3
aS'Carbo Ceramics: Wilks Brothers Companies Have Opened The Coffin Seeking Alpha - Apr 9, 2017 Carbo Ceramics  has had a rough couple of years. First commodity prices declined. This limited new drilling activity. Then operators began to take a far shorter view of well life.Comerica Bank Buys 3711 Shares of CARBO Ceramics Inc.  - Markets DailyA Look at 2 Trending Stocks: CARBO Ceramics Inc. , Gogo Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p4
aS'Does Carbo Ceramics Have Enough Cash? Seeking Alpha - Oct 31, 2016 The company has enough cash to pay all of its debt and have cash left over. The proppant market continues its collapse as operators report production improvements from well designs that far exceed any improvements from ceramic proppant. New products&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'CARBO Ceramics: A Race Against Time Seeking Alpha - May 5, 2016 CARBO Ceramics,  had a rough first quarter as forecasted by management. Sales decreased more than 50%. Cash flow from operations was an outflow of $8.3 million.'
p6
aS"CARBO Ceramics Inc.'s Stock Gets Crushed After Reporting Atrocious Earnings Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 With producers like Whiting Petroleum bypassing ceramics for more sand, it clouds CARBO Ceramic's future. It could be quite some time before producers switch back to higher-cost ceramics, and given the success of higher sand volumes, they might never&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Cratering Earnings Cause CARBO Ceramics Inc.'s Stock to Slip Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2016 Now what: Times are rough for CARBO Ceramics right now. Its primary goal is to stop the bleeding by reducing costs and preserving cash so it can make it through these tough times and position itself for the next upcycle."
p8
aS'Carbo Ceramics Finally Reports A Sales Increase Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 Carbo Ceramics  reported a sequential sales increase of 44% from the third quarter. While that is well short of the previous year sales, it represents the first step in a very long and speculative road to recovery.'
p9
aS'Carbo Ceramics: Developing A Recovery Scenario Seeking Alpha - Nov 29, 2016 The bearish thesis - a permanent partial replacement of ceramic with sand - has been confirmed, with qualifications. The stock is heavily shorted, and sank dramatically after Q3 2016 earnings were reported.'
p10
a.