(lp0
S'Corporate Resource files for Ch. 11 after refinancing falls apart Reuters - Jul 27, 2015 Staffing company Corporate Resource Services Inc has filed for bankruptcy after discovering an affiliated business had not paid an estimated $80 million in taxes, which derailed refinancing negotiations.Corporate Resource Services, Inc. and Seven Affiliates File Chapter 11 ... - JD Supra '
p1
aS'Corporate Resource Services Appoints Joseph P. Ciavarella as Chief Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 12, 2015 NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2015  -- Corporate Resource Services, Inc. , , a diversified technology, staffing, recruiting, energy and consulting services firm, today announced that Joseph P. Ciavarella&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Corporate Resource Services weighs possible sale after PEO files for bankruptcy Staffing Industry Analysts  - Feb 4, 2015 Leadership at staffing provider Corporate Resource Services Inc.  is weighing a possible sale of some or all of the company, according to a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p3
aS"Corporate Resource Services Settlement Approval Sought Bankrupt Company News   - Mar 29, 2017 Corporate Resource Services' Chapter 11 trustee filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court a motion for entry of an order approving a settlement agreement with Del Monte Fresh Production and Del Monte Fresh Produce."
p4
aS"Metanor Resources Inc.: Common Share Consolidation Marketwired  - Apr 12, 2017 VAL-D'OR, QUEBEC-- - Metanor Resources Inc.   is pleased to announce that the consolidation of its common shares on the basis of 1 post-consolidation common share for every ..."
p5
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on ... Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago NEW YORK, April 17, 2017  -- Pomerantz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed against AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.   and certain of its officers. ... control over financial ...'
p6
aS'JETPAY CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Unregistered Sales of Equity ... Market Exclusive - 13 minutes ago JetPay Corporation, formerly Universal Business Payment Solutions Acquisition Corporation, is a provider of payment services, such as debit and credit card processing, payroll and human capital management  services, and card services to businesses ...'
p7
aS'U.S. prosecutors to monitor corporate cases after failed FedEx trial Business Insider - 11 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO  - The U.S. Justice Department in San Francisco has instituted new oversight for complex cases, a federal prosecutor said, following a failed drug conspiracy prosecution against delivery service FedEx Corp . U.S. Attorney Brian ...'
p8
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit ... Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago IRVINE, CA / ACCESSWIRE / April 17, 2017 / Khang &amp; Khang LLP  announces the filing of a class action lawsuit against AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.  . ... weaknesses in its internal control over financial ...'
p9
aS"InvestorIntel's 6th Annual Cleantech &amp; Technology Metals Summit Corporate Line ... InvestorIntel - Apr 6, 2017 CTMS Participating Companies: Advantage Lithium Corp., Alix Resources Corp., Alkane Resources Ltd., AlphaNorth Asset Management, Argentina Lithium &amp; Energy Corp."
p10
a.