(lp0
S'Traders Take Note: Clifton Bancorp Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Take Note: Clifton Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires 18327 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 17, 2017 Clifton Bancorp logo Two Sigma Investments LP raised its position in Clifton Bancorp Inc.  by 57.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC.The Clifton Bancorp Inc.  Declares $0.06 Quarterly Dividend - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc.  Position Held by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans The Cerbat Gem - Apr 5, 2017 Clifton Bancorp logo Thrivent Financial for Lutherans held its position in shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p3
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc versus Southern Missouri Bancorp Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Apr 4, 2017 Southern Missouri Bancorp Inc has a higher fundamental rating then Clifton Bancorp Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p4
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc. Announces Expansion into Hoboken, New Jersey Business Wire  - Mar 18, 2015 CLIFTON, N.J.----Clifton Bancorp Inc. , the holding company for Clifton Savings Bank, today announced its plans to open a new banking office in Hoboken, New Jersey.'
p5
aS'31546 Shares in Clifton Bancorp Inc.  Acquired by Russell Investments ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 11, 2017 Clifton Bancorp logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Stock Returns: Territorial Bancorp Inc  is Beating Clifton ... - CML News'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus Southern Missouri ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Clifton Bancorp Inc  versus Southern Missouri Bancorp Inc  .Clifton Bancorp  Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.12 - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'Clifton Bancorp Inc. Announces Appointment of Tricia Cademartori Hrotko to ... Business Wire  - Apr 3, 2014 CLIFTON, N.J.----Clifton Bancorp Inc. , the parent company of Clifton Savings Bank, today announced the appointment of Tricia Cademartori Hrotko to the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer.'
p8
aS'BofI Holding, Inc. and Clifton Bancorp Inc. Head to Head Compare CML News - Apr 14, 2017 BofI Holding Inc has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Clifton Bancorp Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p9
aS'Zacks: Clifton Bancorp Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of Strong Buy ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 9, 2017 Clifton Bancorp logo Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc.  have been assigned an average broker rating score of 1.00  from the one brokers that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p10
a.