(lp0
S'Is the Time Ripe to Build Positions in DXC Technology ? Nasdaq - Apr 11, 2017 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company HPE recently completed the spin-off and merger of its Enterprise Services  business with Computer Sciences Corporation .Analyst Activity  Citigroup Inc Reiterates Buy on DXC Technology Company ... - Market ExclusiveWhat Should Investors Make Of The Trading Chart Of DXC Technology Company ... - NY Stock News'
p1
aS'Franken-firm DXC Technology is born today, the fun begins... The Register - Apr 3, 2017 Franken-firm DXC Technology, the corporate mash-up between CSC and HPE Enterprise Services that was brought to life today, has urged staff to turn up to work in fancy dress, or at least corporate colours, to celebrate the launch.Hewlett Packard Enterprise Completes Spin-Merger To Form DXC Technology - ForbesA Channel Force Arrives: DXC Technology Born From Close Of CSC-HPE Enterprise ... - CRN'
p2
aS"DXC stock is soaring. Will Wall Street keep the love fest going? Washington Business Journal - Apr 12, 2017 It's been just a week since Tysons-based DXC Technology Co. - the result of the merger between Computer Sciences Corp. and the IT services spinoff of Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Co."
p3
aS'The Technicals For DXC Technology Company , An Important Analysis NY Stock News - 22 hours ago The technicals for DXC Technology Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p4
aS"DXC Technology Co  Touches $69.01 High on Apr, 17, Dunkin Brands Group ... Herald KS - 19 hours ago The stock of DXC Technology Co  reached all time high today, Apr, 17 and still has $73.15 target or 6.00% above today's $69.01 share price."
p5
aS"DXC Technology Company Common S  Isn't Shy About Revealing Its Soul In ... NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 DXC Technology Company Common S  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics.Make a note of Analyst's Recommendations: DXC Technology Company Common S's  - Is storiesZacks: Brokerages Set $75.70 Target Price for DXC Technology Company  - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS'Chart Review for DXC Technology Company  Benton Bulletin - 20 hours ago DXC Technology Company  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 3. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p7
aS'Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Initiates Coverage On DXC Technology ... Market Exclusive - Apr 4, 2017 Today, Royal Bank of Canada initiated coverage on DXC Technology Company  with a Outperform with a price target of $87.00.'
p8
aS"Zacks.com featured highlights: Constellation Brands, Mercadolibre, DXC ... Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago Chicago, IL - April 17, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article include Constellation Brands, Inc. , Mercadolibre, Inc. , DXC Technology Company , Applied Optoelectronics,&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'DXC Technology CEO Mike Lawrie: We Want To Be An Industry Leader CRN - Mar 31, 2017 About 11 months after the merger of CSC and the Enterprise Services Group of Hewlett Packard Enterprise was announced, the new entity - DXC Technology - will debut on Monday. In a presentation to investors and analysts this week, company executives&nbsp;...'
p10
a.