(lp0
S"'Back on track': Backed by recap, improved economy, Community Shores Bank ... MiBiz - Apr 17, 2017 MUSKEGON - After more than six years of operating under increased regulatory scrutiny, CEO Heather Brolick wants people to know that Community Shores Bank Corp. is back on track and growing again. The final step in rebounding from the difficulties ..."
p1
aS'Community Shores Bank seeks $6.4 million in stock offering MiBiz - Jun 28, 2015 Community Shores Bank Corp. will seek to raise $6.4 million in needed capital in a stock offering to existing shareholders that would go to pay off debt, maintain operations and improve its capital position.'
p2
aS"Muskegon's Community Shores Bank provides details of its Fifth Third loan default Michigan Business Review - MLive.com - Apr 2, 2011 MUSKEGON - Community Shores Bank officers have bluntly laid out to federal regulators and investors the precarious financial condition of Muskegon's only locally headquartered bank."
p3
aS"Form 4 COMMUNITY SHORES BANK For: Nov 17 Filed by: Boelkins Stanley Lee StreetInsider.com - Mar 29, 2017 Get the Pulse of the Market with StreetInsider.com's Pulse Picks. Get your Free Trial here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C."
p4
aS'Value From Financial Sector Uncertain GuruFocus.com - Jan 12, 2017 Publicly traded banks such as Community Shores Bank , Northwest Bancorporation Inc. and Great American Bancorp Inc.  all trade at price-tangible book ratios of less than 0.7 although their small sizes may put many investors off.'
p5
aS"See who will be 'stars' in the 2017 Dancing with the Local Stars MLive.com - Nov 29, 2016 &quot;We know some of them will be stepping out of their comfort zone, but knowing that they're willing to participate and help us earn money for the hungry in our communities is what this is all about, and truly makes them stars,&quot; said event co-chair Mary ..."
p6
aS'$500000 loan from city sought for six-story downtown building MLive.com - Mar 14, 2017 Other financing for the project includes $1.5 million committed by the Community Foundation for Muskegon County, $2.72 million from Community Shores Bank and a $1.5 million state grant the developers have applied for, according to information the&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Dancing with the Local Stars tickets go on sale Jan. 2 MLive.com - Dec 28, 2016 Steve Dangel and Lisa Jirikovic entertain the crowd with a comedic Charleston complete with booze in a brown paper bag, a park bench and flapper dress.'
p8
aS'New home for Community and Family Services Shoreline Beacon - Mar 6, 2017 The new home of the Saugeen Shores Community and Family Services - including the food bank - opened March 2 with a ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by, from left: volunteer Bill Cunningham, Major/Pastor Donna Kennedy, Major/Pastor David Kennedy&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Dancing with the Local Stars 2017 starts Thursday MLive.com - Feb 19, 2017 &quot;The stars and pros participating in this year's event have been giving it their all the past few months to make this the best event yet for the community,&quot; said Christina Fecher, co-chair of the DWTLS publicity committee. &quot;We've seen a lot of teamwork ..."
p10
a.