(lp0
S'The CST Brands, Inc.  Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw &amp; Co. Inc. Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. American Century Companies Inc. boosted its position in CST Brands by 18.2% in the second quarter. American Century Companies&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"CST Brands Prepares to Release Q1 Results Convenience Store Decisions - 10 hours ago CST Brands Inc.'s is set to release its first quarter 2017 results after the market closes on Monday, May 8, 2017. In light of the pending merger with Circle K Stores Inc., a Texas corporation  and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alimentation&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"CST Brands' 4Q profit falls 28 percent as merger with Circle K nears San Antonio Express-News  - Feb 27, 2017 Profit for CST Brands Inc., the San Antonio-based operator of the Corner Store brand of convenience stores, tumbled 28 percent in the fourth quarter with $18 million in net income, or 23 cents per share, during the three-month period ending Dec. 31.CST growth loses steam with fourth quarter earnings report - San Antonio Business Journal"
p3
aS'Pending buyer courted CST Brands for months before CST was interested San Antonio Business Journal - Sep 17, 2016 The Canada-based company that in August announced an agreement to buy San Antonio-based CST Brands Inc., the operator of the Corner Store chain, first proposed such a deal in October 2015 - weeks before the local publicly traded company had&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'CST has incentive to close sale &quot;by Monday at the latest,&quot; sources say San Antonio Business Journal - Aug 17, 2016 CST Brands Inc. shareholders for the past few months have watched rumors of takeover bids transition from speculation to a potentially imminent announcement.Expect good deal for Couche-Tard if it buys CST Brands - Financial PostCircle K parent close to deal to buy CST Brands - MarketWatch'
p5
aS'CST Brands triples third quarter profits before merger with Circle K mySanAntonio.com - Nov 7, 2016 San Antonio convenience store operator CST Brands Inc. tripled its third-quarter profits as it shed assets ahead of its merger with the Canadian parent company of Circle K, the company said Monday.CST reports improved third-quarter earnings prior to shareholder vote on $4.4B ... - San Antonio Business Journal'
p6
aS'Couche-Tard Agrees to Buy CST Brands for Almost $4 Billion Bloomberg - Aug 22, 2016 Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. agreed to buy the gas-station chain CST Brands Inc. for almost $4 billion, using its biggest-ever acquisition to expand in Texas and eastern Canada.Competing convenience store operator to buy CST Brands for $3.67B - San Antonio Business JournalParent of Circle K agrees to buy CST Brands for $4.4 billion - mySanAntonio.com'
p7
aS"CST sets date to vote on merger with Circle K parent company San Antonio Business Journal - Oct 13, 2016 There will be no flowers or bells, but a date has been set for CST Brands Inc. shareholders to vote on the convenience store operator's proposed $4.4 billion merger with Circle K'a parent company, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. Come 9 a.m."
p8
aS"CST shareholders greenlight $4.4B merger with Circle K parent San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 16, 2016 And it's a wrap. The shareholders of San Antonio-based convenience store retailer CST Brands Inc.  have officially approved the company's $4.4 billion merger agreement with Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. nearly a year after negotiations first&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'CST Brands to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 8 Business Wire  - Apr 13, 2017 SAN ANTONIO----CST Brands, Inc.  today announced that the company will release its first quarter 2017 results after the market closes on Monday, May 8, 2017.'
p10
a.