(lp0
S"Why Constant Contact, Inc. Stock Crashed Today Motley Fool - Jul 24, 2015 &quot;Both partnerships will continue to evolve and deepen as we more fully integrate our product suite into our partners' respective product flows and sales pipelines, as well as increase marketing efforts with both companies,&quot; said Constant Contact CEO ..."
p1
aS'Constant Contact PC Magazine - Dec 29, 2014 The best tools and platforms are designed to take the mystery out of email marketing. Constant Contact  can definitely help, as it is versatile, easy to use, and suitable for small businesses.'
p2
aS'Investing With An Edge: Constant Contact Seeking Alpha - Jan 11, 2016 Both companies were hit with an SEC subpoena right after the SEC approved their deal docs. The shares trade at a wide spread due to the subpoena.'
p3
aS'The $1.1B Acquisition of Constant Contact Just Closed BostInno - Feb 9, 2016 ... announced the completion of its previously announced acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Constant Contact, Inc. for $32.00 a share in cash, in accordance with the terms of the acquisition agreement announced on ...Endurance International Group Announces Closing of Acquisition of Constant Contact - GlobeNewswire Constant Contact is officially no longer an independent company - Boston Business Journal '
p4
aS'Constant Contact, Inc. Has A Working Game Plan Seeking Alpha - Apr 25, 2015 Constant Contact  provides an online marketing platform solution for small businesses. CTCT is the undisputed leader and claims that it has a 50% market share in an expanding industry with many smaller competitors.'
p5
aS'Endurance Finalizes Constant Contact Acquisition, Lays Off 15% Of The Staff Forbes - Feb 19, 2016 The deal which was first announced in November last year has been finalized earlier this month. Endurance has now successfully acquired Constant Contact for an estimated $1.1 billion. The main goal of both companies is to provide small businesses&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Web company Endurance in $1.1 billion deal for Constant Contact, shares dip Reuters - Nov 2, 2015 Endurance International Group Holdings Inc said it would buy email marketer Constant Contact Inc in a $1.1 billion deal on Monday that surprised investors and sent shares lower by 20 percent.Endurance to Buy Constant Contact for $1.1 Billion in Cash - BloombergWhy Constant Contact  Stock is Skyrocketing Today - TheStreet.com'
p7
aS"Constant Contact Cuts 15 Percent of Staff After Its Acquisition Xconomy - Feb 12, 2016 Endurance also plans to concentrate Constant Contact's employees in three of its locations: Waltham; Loveland, CO; and one of its two New York offices, LaSalvia said."
p8
aS"Constant Contact: LiveIntent Deal May Deliver A Unique, Vertical And Defensive ... Seeking Alpha - Jun 25, 2015 Constant Contact , a name that's a constant &quot;no&quot; for me because it has historically been unable to create alpha for the Nasdaq, should seriously consider buying LiveIntent."
p9
aS"Constant Contact sheds its flagship incubator, which will see new life The Boston Globe - May 5, 2016 Constant Contact and its parent company, Endurance International Group Holdings Inc., are shuttering their two-year-old startup accelerator SMB InnoLoft, according to Andy Miller, the Constant Contact executive in charge of the program. But don't ..."
p10
a.