(lp0
S"Charles &amp; Colvard: Overlooked And Ignored Deep Value Nano Cap Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 Advance a century, the vision and innovation of Charles &amp; Colvard fulfilled. Moissanite's hardness rivals any mineral on Earth, and its refractive properties exceed diamond."
p1
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard - Still Dirt Cheap While Turnaround Is Gaining Momentum Seeking Alpha - Aug 17, 2016 The case for Charles &amp; Colvard  can be summed up as buying the shares far below the value of inventory and cash per share with a free option on Moissanite  taking off.'
p2
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard Ltd. Stock Downgraded  TheStreet.com - Apr 30, 2012 Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. manufactures, markets, and distributes moissanite jewels and finished jewelry featuring moissanite in the United States and internationally.'
p3
aS"Charles &amp; Colvard Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2017 RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.----Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, reports financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016.Charles &amp; Colvard's  CEO Suzanne Miglucci on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard Expands Forever One Moissanite Collection with Emerald ... Business Wire  - Feb 16, 2017 RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.----Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, today announced the expansion of its Forever One moissanite collection with four&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"BRIEF-Charles &amp; Colvard Q4 loss per share $0.05 from cont ops Reuters - Mar 9, 2017 LONDON, March 10 The euro zone's main gauge of borrowing costs was set for its biggest fortnightly rise in nearly two years on Friday as investors prepared for rate hikes in the United States and eventually Europe."
p6
aS"Charles &amp; Colvard: The Good, The Bad And The Discounted Sparkly Part 1 Seeking Alpha - Jun 3, 2015 Charles &amp; Colvard  is a manufacturer of Moissanite, a shiny rock that's pretty close in appearance and performance to a diamond for jewelry at about 1/10th the retail price or lower."
p7
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results Business Wire  - Aug 3, 2016 MORRISVILLE, N.C.----Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite jewels, reports financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2016.'
p8
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard Rejuvenates Brand with New Website, Expanded Product ... Business Wire  - Oct 11, 2016 RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.----Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, today debuted its new e-commerce website offering a second grade of Forever OneTM&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Charles &amp; Colvard Expands Forever One Moissanite Jewelry into Additional ... Business Wire  - Mar 1, 2017 RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.----Charles &amp; Colvard, Ltd. , the original and leading worldwide source of created moissanite, today announced the expanded availability of Forever One moissanite jewelry into&nbsp;...'
p10
a.