(lp0
S'The Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation  Given a $65.00 Price ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 CTSH has been the subject of several other reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Thursday, September 29th. HSBC Holdings plc assumed coverage on&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'The Barrett Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Cognizant Technology ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. North Star Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation by 0.6% in the second quarter.'
p2
aS'The Pictet North America Advisors SA Sells 10596 Shares of Cognizant ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 6, 2017 A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. First Midwest Bank Trust Division boosted its stake in shares of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation by 1.0% in the ...'
p3
aS'The Technical Chart For Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation  Is ... NY Stock News - 20 hours ago Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation  is now trading with a very clear set of technicals. Taken together they paint a very compelling picture of how investors and traders should be approaching CTSH.Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation performed Poor with a change of -0 ... - Free ObserverCognizant Technology Solutions Corp  Stake Lowered by Norway Savings Bank - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Cognizant Technology Solutions ... CML News - Apr 15, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p5
aS'Cognizant Technology Solutions Stock Looks Set to Spook Bears Schaeffers Research  - Mar 28, 2017 IT specialist Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp  has tacked on 29% from its late-September annual low, including a roughly 5% advance year-to-date.Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp  Opens European Customer ... - Traders350Cognizant names two to fill seats on board - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS'Jerome Dodson Buys Cognizant Technology Solutions, Novartis AG, Praxair, Sells ... GuruFocus.com - Apr 13, 2017 Investment company Jerome Dodson buys Cognizant Technology Solutions, Novartis AG, Praxair, Thomson Reuters, Motorola Solutions, Gilead Sciences, McKesson, Belmond, Patterson, Mondelez International, sells Micron Technology, Qualcomm, Applied Materials ...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation  versus ... CML News - Apr 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation  versus International Business Machines Corporation  .'
p8
aS"First Defiance Financial  Reaches $52.49 High on Apr, 17, Cognizant Tech ... Key Gazette - 12 hours ago The SI to Cognizant Tech Solutions Class A's float is 4.04%. About 2.93 million shares traded. Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp  has risen 3.90% since September 8, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 2.87% the S&amp;P500."
p9
aS"Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation : The Technicals As Seen Today NY Stock News - Mar 30, 2017 Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.