(lp0
S"Copper One Receives Notice From Government of Quebec Suspending Its Valid ... Marketwired  - Feb 9, 2017 QUEBEC CITY, QUEBEC-- - Copper One Inc.   reports that it has received a decision from the Ministre de l'nergie et des Ressources naturelles  dated February 8,&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Copper One Responds to the MERN and Commences Mandamus Proceedings Against the ... Marketwired  - Feb 6, 2017 6, 2017) - Copper One Inc.   reports that on Friday, February 3, 2017, it responded to the Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources'  letter (see Copper One's press release dated January 27,&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Copper One Responds to Quebec Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources' Press ... Marketwired  - Jan 27, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Copper One Inc.   reports that on January 26, 2017, the Quebec Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources (Quebec Ministre de l'nergie et des&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Copper One Files Appeal With Court of Quebec Against Mern's Decision to ... Marketwired  - Feb 21, 2017 QUEBEC CITY, QUEBEC-- - Copper One Inc.   has filed an appeal with the Court of Qubec against the decision of the Ministre de l'nergie et des Ressources naturelles&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Copper One Reports That Suspensions on All Rivire Dor Project Claims have ... Marketwired  - Jun 29, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Copper One Inc.   has received written notification from the Quebec Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources  that effective June&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Copper One Announces Drill Program at Riviere Dore and Awards Drilling ... Marketwired  - Nov 14, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Copper One Inc.   is pleased to announced the details of its first drilling program to be conducted on its 100%-owned copper-rich Rivire Dor&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Copper One Announces Shares for Debt Settlement and Grants Options Marketwired  - Oct 11, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Copper One Inc.   has completed its previously announced shares for debt settlement .'
p7
aS"COMMENT: Quebec pulls permits for Copper One claims at Riviere Dore Canadian Mining Journal - Jan 30, 2017 The provincial ministry of energy and natural resources  issued a press release last week announcing that it plans to suspend again all the Riviere Dore claims belonging to Copper One 150 km southeast of Val d'Or, QC. The government action was&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"GoldMining's acquisition of La Mina to create massive gold-copper portfolio in ... MINING.com - 17 hours ago The project is comprised of two concessions that cover an area of 32 km2 and, according to GoldMining's management, it is one of the highest grade gold porphyry projects in the Americas. It hosts the Middle Zone and La ... Within this context, New York ..."
p9
aS"Nickel One Resources Inc. Announces Private Placement of $250000 and Closes ... Stockhouse - Apr 12, 2017 Nickel One Resources Inc. is a PGE, Nickel, Copper exploration and development company evaluating the Tyko Property near Marathon, Ontario, Canada and has recently acquired the LK PGE, Copper Nickel, project in Finland. Nickel One's objective is to&nbsp;..."
p10
a.