(lp0
S"Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Neutral on CVB Financial ... Market Exclusive - 18 hours ago Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Neutral rating on CVB Financial Corp.  with a price target of $21.00.CVB Financial Corp.'s  &quot;Neutral&quot; Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray ... - The Cerbat GemCVB Financial Corp.  Given Average Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; by Analysts - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS'20.31 MarketWatch - Oct 19, 2009 CVB Financial Corp. Watchlist CreateCVBFAlert. After Hours. Last Updated: Apr 13, 2017 4:00 p.m.. $ 20.31. 0.00 0.00%.'
p2
aS'Should CVB Financial Corp  be part of your dividend portfolio? Simply Wall St - Apr 13, 2017 CVB Financial Corp  has pleased shareholders over the past 10 years paying out an average dividend of 3.17% annually.Stock Returns: First Financial Bancorp.  is Beating CVB Financial ... - CML NewsWhat Lies Ahead For NRG Yield, Inc.  And CVB Financial Corp. ? - Post Analyst'
p3
aS'CVB Financial Corp. Completes Acquisition of Valley Commerce Bancorp Yahoo Finance - Mar 11, 2017 CVB Financial Corp. , the holding company for Citizens Business Bank , announced that CVBF has completed its merger with Valley Commerce Bancorp , the holding company for Valley Business Bank, Visalia, California.'
p4
aS"Read this before buying CVB Financial Corp  for its upcoming $0.12 dividend Simply Wall St - Mar 30, 2017 Important news for shareholders and potential investors in CVB Financial : The dividend payment of $0.12 will be distributed into shareholder's accounts on Wed 19 Apr 2017 but the stock will begin trading ex-dividend already on the Mon 03&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'CVB Financial Corp. and Valley Commerce Bancorp Announce Amended Merger Agreement Yahoo Finance - Dec 20, 2016  and Valley Commerce Bancorp  announced today that they have amended the merger agreement, pursuant to which CVB Financial Corp.  will acquire Valley Commerce Bancorp  the holding company for Valley&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'CVB Financial Corp. and Valley Commerce Bancorp Announce Merger Business Wire  - Sep 22, 2016 ONTARIO, Calif. &amp; VISALIA, Calif.----CVB Financial Corp.  and Valley Commerce Bancorp  announced today that they have entered into a merger agreement, pursuant to which CVB Financial Corp.'
p7
aS'CVB Financial Corp. Announces Hiring of E. Allen Nicholson as Chief Financial ... Business Wire  - May 5, 2016 ONTARIO, Calif.----CVB Financial Corp. , the holding company for Citizens Business Bank , is pleased to announce that E. Allen Nicholson has been hired as the new Chief Financial Officer for CVBF and CBB (collectively,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'CVB Financial Corp. Announces Receipt of Regulatory and Shareholder Approvals ... Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 ONTARIO, Calif.----CVB Financial Corp.  , the parent company of Citizens Business Bank, reports that the California Department of Business Oversight has approved its application to acquire Valley Business Bank,&nbsp;...BRIEF-China Overseas Land &amp; Investment says Feb contracted property sales were ... - Reuters'
p9
aS'CVB Financial Corp. Completes Acquisition of County Commerce Bank Business Wire  - Mar 1, 2016 ONTARIO, Calif.----CVB Financial Corp. , the holding company for Citizens Business Bank , announced that CBB has completed its merger with County Commerce Bank .'
p10
a.