(lp0
S'Altice expands in US with $17.7 billion Cablevision deal Reuters - Sep 17, 2015 AS), one of the most acquisitive European telecoms groups, made a major move into the U.S. market on Thursday with a deal to buy fourth-largest operator Cablevision Systems Corp CVC.N for $17.7 billion including debt. Altice founder Patrick Drahi, who&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Altice Completes Takeover of Cablevision Systems  StreetInsider.com - Jun 21, 2016 Altice announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Cablevision Systems Corporation , the leading communications service provider in the New York metropolitan area.Cablevision sale to Altice for $17.7 billion completed - NewsdayAltice may seek more US growth after Cablevision deal - Reuters'
p2
aS'Cablevision Systems Corporation Reports First Quarter 2016 Results Business Wire  - May 5, 2016 Cablevision Systems Corporation  is a leading media and telecommunications company, serving millions of households and businesses throughout the greater New York area.'
p3
aS"Brian Sweeney to Become Chief Financial Officer of Cablevision Business Wire  - Feb 6, 2015 BETHPAGE, N.Y.----Cablevision Systems Corporation  today announced that the company's president Brian G. Sweeney will also become chief financial officer, effective March 1, 2015.Sweeney Adds CFO Duties to His Role As CVC President - Multichannel News"
p4
aS'Cablevision Issues Statement on Acquisition of Cablevision by Altice Business Wire  - Sep 17, 2015 BETHPAGE, N.Y.----Following the announcement today of the acquisition of Cablevision Systems Corporation  by Altice, Cablevision Chief Executive Officer James L. Dolan issued the following statement on behalf of the Dolan&nbsp;...Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Cablevision Systems Corporation  by ... - PR Newswire '
p5
aS'Cablevision Systems Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Results Business Wire  - Feb 25, 2016 Cablevision Systems Corporation  is a leading media and telecommunications company, serving millions of households and businesses throughout the greater New York area.'
p6
aS"Altice Completes Cablevision Acquisition, Creating No. 4 US Cable Operator Variety - Jun 21, 2016 Cablevision Systems Corp. is no more. European telecom conglom Altice said Tuesday it has completed its $17.7 billion acquisition of one of the industry's pioneering cable companies, a deal that makes the newly minted Altice USA the fourth-largest ..."
p7
aS"Moody's assigns B1 to Neptune Finco Corp. (Altice/Cablevision acquisition ... Moodys.com   - Sep 25, 2015 Neptune is a wholly owned subsidiary of Altice N.V.  which will finance its acquisition of Cablevision Systems Corporation . Neptune will issue $10.6 billion of new debt obligations, including a $5.3 ..."
p8
aS'Cablevision Settles Long-Running Suit Over Box-Tying Law360  - Dec 14, 2015 Law360, New York  -- A putative class of Cablevision subscribers alleging the company used its market muscle to force them into renting its cable boxes asked a federal judge Friday to certify a settlement class and ...'
p9
aS"New owner of Cablevision to cut 600 jobs, close call center in Shelton New Haven Register - Aug 9, 2016 The Netherlands-based company that bought Cablevision Systems Corp. at the end of June in an $17.7 billion deal made another move Tuesday to remake the company, announcing it will eliminate 600 jobs in Connecticut between now and November.Drahi's Altice Boosts Profit as US Purchases Bring Growth - Bloomberg"
p10
a.