(lp0
S'Up Nearly 60% Since IPO, Camping World Holdings Inc Hits Its First Speed Bump Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, Chris Hill is joined by Bill Barker from Motley Fool Funds to discuss the latest quarterly results from recreational vehicle manufacturer Camping World Holdings . The stock has traded down slightly since&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Camping World Holdings, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 8, 2017 This press release presents historical results, for the periods presented, of Camping World Holdings, Inc.  and its subsidiaries that are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , unless ...Camping World Holdings, Inc.  likely to see 3% move on its earnings ... - Post Analyst'
p2
aS"Wall Street Goes Mild Over New IPO: Camping World Holdings Inc. Motley Fool - Nov 1, 2016 Camping World Holdings  is the stock's name, and recreational vehicles  are its game. This morning, no fewer than six Wall Street analysts announced new ratings for Camping World Holdings, splitting their ratings down the middle with&nbsp;...Expect Camping World's Growth To Be Bolstered By Acquisitions, New Stores - Benzinga"
p3
aS'BRIEF-Camping World Holdings unit entered into first amendment to credit ... Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 March 17 Camping World Holdings Inc: * Camping World Holdings Inc - unit entered into a first amendment to credit agreement, dated as of November 8, 2016.'
p4
aS'Camping World Holdings Inc  Lowered to &quot;Hold&quot; at Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - 17 hours ago Camping World Holdings Inc logo Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Camping World Holdings Inc  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Friday morning.Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Purchases New Stake in Camping World ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS"Camping World Holdings, Inc. Reports Third Quarter Results Business Wire  - Nov 10, 2016 Accordingly, these historical results do not purport to reflect what the results of operations of Camping World Holdings, Inc. would have been had the Company's initial public offering  and related transactions occurred prior to such periods ...Camping World Holdings'  CEO Marcus Lemonis on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"Camping World Holdings acquires Thornburg RV dealership Fredericksburg.com - Mar 24, 2017 ... product offerings and geographic presence, and we look forward to continuing Safford RV's high standards of quality and service, while solidifying our leading position in the state, said Marcus Lemonis, chairman and CEO of Camping World Holdings ..."
p7
aS'IPO Preview: Camping World Holdings - Largest RV Retailer Seeking Alpha - Oct 6, 2016 Camping World Holdings, the largest RV retailer in the US, is set to IPO this Friday, Oct. 7. CWH plans to offer 11.4 million shares at a price range of $21-$23.'
p8
aS'Ron Baron Buys Camping World Holdings, Under Armour, SiteOne Landscape Supply ... Nasdaq - Feb 15, 2017 Ron Baron initiated holdings in Camping World Holdings Inc. The purchase prices were between $20.52 and $33.23, with an estimated average price of $25.72.'
p9
aS"Camping World Holdings rises 3% after IPO CNBC - Oct 6, 2016 Shares of Camping World Holdings rose more than 3 percent Friday, their first day of trading. The recreational vehicle dealership's stock traded at around $23 Friday on the New York Stock Exchange, opening at $23.75 after pricing at $22 a share, the ...What Investors Need to Know About the Camping World Holdings IPO - Motley Fool"
p10
a.