(lp0
S"Market: The Concho Resources Inc.  Shares Sold by Bokf Na Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of CXO. Syntal Capital Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Concho Resources by 1.0% in the second quarter. Syntal Capital Partners LLC now owns 2,755 shares of the company's&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Things Just Keep Getting Better For Concho Resources Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 Besides EOG, Concho Resources  is considered to be a company likely to significantly improve its existing position because of the discovery, as are Energen , Matador Resources  and WPX Energy .Why the Concho Resources Permian Play Could Shine Even Brighter - 24/7 Wall St.'
p2
aS'Concho Resources Inc  Raised to &quot;Buy&quot; at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 3 hours ago Concho Resources Inc logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Concho Resources Inc  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday.Concho Resources Inc  Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus - BNB Daily Analysts Near-Term outlook: Fastenal Company , Concho Resources Inc.  - The USA Commerce'
p3
aS"Concho Resources started with a Buy at Stifel Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 Stifel likes CXO's experienced management team and the company's Delaware Basin assets, and says &quot;the company's combination of capital efficiency and liquidity  is unique within the Permian.&quot; The firm also issues Buy recommendations for Permian&nbsp;...The research firm Upgrade the Concho Resources, Inc.  to Buy - StandardOracle"
p4
aS'Concho Resources Inc. : Ignore the noise and focus on the technicals USA Commerce Daily - 13 hours ago With all other things going on, Concho Resources Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -3.16 percent in just three months.'
p5
aS'Analysts Tracking Concho Resources Inc. : Updates &amp; Recommendations The Herald - Apr 15, 2017 Out of the 20 covering Street analysts offering stock ratings for Concho Resources Inc. , 15 have shares pegged as a Strong Buy while 1 analysts have the stock rated a Buy.'
p6
aS'Concho Resources Inc. : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - Apr 11, 2017 Concho Resources Inc.  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Oil &amp; Gas Drilling &amp; Exploration.Rather confident then shy is the way to look at these stocks: Concho Resources ... - The USA Commerce'
p7
aS'Why Concho Resources  Could Be a Potential Winner Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 One such company that looks well positioned for a solid gain, but has been overlooked by investors lately, is Concho Resources Inc. CXO. This Oil and Gas - Exploration and Production - United Statesstock has actually seen estimates rise over the past ...'
p8
aS"Well recognized Stock of Market: Concho Resources Inc.'s  stock price is ... Hot Stocks Point - 18 hours ago Concho Resources Inc.  stock price ended its day with loss -1.61% and finalized at the value of $130.14. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 1.5 million shares."
p9
aS'Initiating Coverage on Concho Resources: Permian Pure-Play Zacks.com - Mar 20, 2017 On Mar 17, we initiated coverage on Midland, TX-based independent oil and gas explorer, Concho Resources Inc.  .'
p10
a.