(lp0
S"Cytori Therapeutics Inc  Makes The Most-Awaited Announcement ... Journal Transcript - Apr 12, 2017 There has lately been a lot to smile about Cytori Therapeutics Inc , but let's face it once and for all, nothing is comparable to the recent announcement where the company made it clear that it was indeed going to price an underwritten ...Cytori Therapeutics' stock plunges toward record low after stock offering ... - MarketWatchCytori Therapeutics Inc  Tumbles To 52-Week Low On Back Of Share Dilution - Smarter Analyst"
p1
aS'Cytori Therapeutics stock surges 7.9% on agreement to buy assets from Azaya ... MarketWatch - Jan 19, 2017 Cytori Therapeutics Inc. CYTX, -1.84% stock surged 7.9% to $1.78 per share in morning trade Thursday after the company said it had agreed to purchase assets from privately-held Azaya Therapeutics.Maxim Analyst Comments on Cytori Therapeutics Inc Following Azaya Acquisition - Smarter AnalystCytori Therapeutics  to Acquire Assets from Privately Held Azaya ... - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'Sorting Out the Technicals on Shares of Cytori Therapeutics Inc  Rives Journal - 17 hours ago Keeping an eye on moving averages for Cytori Therapeutics Inc , the 50-day is 0.7, the 200-day is at 0.61, and the 7-day is 0.65.'
p3
aS"What Type of Consensus Views Analysts hold about Cytori Therapeutics, Inc.'s ... Hot Stocks Point - 18 hours ago Cytori Therapeutics, Inc.  stock price ended its day with loss -1.83% and finalized at the price of $1.07. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.92 million shares.SABBY MANAGEMENT, LLC is the biggest holder of Cytori Therapeutics, Inc ... - Post AnalystCytori Therapeutics Inc  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results - Alive For Football"
p4
aS'Cytori enters stock purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Seeking Alpha - Dec 29, 2016 Cytori Therapeutics  enters into a common stock purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund , a Chicago-based institutional investor and existing stockholder in the Company. According to the terms of the agreements Cytori&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Update : Cytori Therapeutics Inc Announces Increase of ... Smarter Analyst - Sep 19, 2016 Cytori Therapeutics Inc  announced that the Company and Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority , a division of the U.S.'
p6
aS'Cytori to Webcast Fourth Quarter Financial Results on March 23rd GlobeNewswire  - Mar 17, 2017 Cytori is a therapeutics company developing regenerative and oncologic therapies from its proprietary cell therapy and nanoparticle platforms for a variety of medical conditions.'
p7
aS'Stock Update : Cytori Therapeutics Inc Partner Kerastem Completes ... Smarter Analyst - Sep 26, 2016 Cytori Therapeutics Inc  announced that its licensee Kerastem Technologies, LLC, has completed enrollment of STYLE, a US phase II clinical trial investigating early stage female and male pattern hair loss.'
p8
aS'Cytori Therapeutics, Inc.  PT Raised to $10 at Maxim Group on Closure of ... StreetInsider.com - Feb 15, 2017 Maxim Group raised its price target on Cytori Therapeutics, Inc.  to $10.00  while maintaining a Buy rating.Cytori Completes Acquisition of Azaya Therapeutics Assets, Initiates ... - GlobeNewswire Maxim Group Raises Cytori Therapeutics Inc  Price Target to $10.00 - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS"Cytori Appoints Gregg Lapointe to Board of Directors GlobeNewswire  - Apr 3, 2017 SAN DIEGO, April 03, 2017  -- Cytori Therapeutics, Inc.   today announced that Gregg Lapointe has joined the Company's Board of Directors to serve as an independent director, effective March&nbsp;..."
p10
a.