(lp0
S"Caesars Entertainment Corp's Odds of Survival Just Plummeted Motley Fool - Aug 29, 2016 The day of reckoning may finally be here for Caesars Entertainment  after a judge ruled the company will have to face $11 billion in bondholder lawsuits.Caesars Entertainment Corp : The Shell Game Is Over - Investorplace.comUS judge denies Caesars Entertainment extension of shield from lawsuits - Las Vegas Review-Journal"
p1
aS"Why Caesars Entertainment Corp's Shares Plunged 13% in December Motley Fool - Jan 5, 2017 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp  jumped 13.3% in December, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the company agreed to a reorganization plan that may finally lead to its biggest subsidiary emerging from&nbsp;...With $150M and Counting in Big Law Bills, Caesars Bankruptcy Approaches Finish ... - The American Lawyer"
p2
aS"What's Going on With Caesars Entertainment Corp? Motley Fool - Jul 11, 2016 In this clip from the Industry Focus: Consumer podcast, Motley Fool analyst Vincent Shen and contributor Seth McNew go over the background of Caesars Entertainment -- including its troubled financial history and how it sought to save itself -- and then ...Caesars Entertainment Corporation and Caesars Acquisition Company Announce ... - PR Newswire Caesars Entertainment, Caesars Acquisition amend merger deal - Reuters"
p3
aS"Caesars Entertainment Corp's Future Now a Battle Between Billionaires Motley Fool - Sep 22, 2016 The drama never seems to end at Caesars Entertainment Corp . The company's largest subsidiary, Caesars Entertainment Operating Company , has been in bankruptcy since early 2015, and it seems there's been little progress in&nbsp;...Caesars Entertainment Corporation  Proposes Enhanced Contributions ... - Scibility MediaCaesars Bankruptcy Brawl With Creditors May Be Near Finale - Bloomberg"
p4
aS'Caesars Entertainment Corporation and Caesars Acquisition Company Announce ... PR Newswire  - Feb 21, 2017 LAS VEGAS, Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   and Caesars Acquisition Company   today announced that they have amended the terms of&nbsp;...Caesars Entertainment Corporation  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... - Market ExclusiveCaesars Amends Merger, Bankrupt Arm To Get $1.4B In Loans - Law360 '
p5
aS"Why Caesars Entertainment Corp.'s Shares Dropped 18% Today Motley Fool - Sep 27, 2016 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp.  plunged as much as 17.5% on Tuesday after a preliminary agreement was reached on restructuring bankrupt subsidiary Caesars Entertainment Operating Company .Caesars Entertainment to Emerge From Chapter 11 Bankruptcy - New York TimesCaesars strikes deal to end main unit's costly bankruptcy - Reuters"
p6
aS'Proposed Merger of Caesars Entertainment and Caesars Acquisition Approved by ... PR Newswire  - Mar 17, 2017 LAS VEGAS, March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   today announced that the Maryland Lottery and Gaming Control Commission has approved its proposed merger with Caesars&nbsp;...Process allowing Caesars Ent. Corp. to emerge from bankruptcy moves forward - GamingTodaySlotsTodayOption Market Alert: Caesars Entertainment Corporation Implied Price Swing ... - CML News'
p7
aS"Ruben Sigala Appointed Chief Marketing Officer of Caesars Entertainment PR Newswire  - Dec 21, 2016 LAS VEGAS, Dec. 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation   today announced that Ruben Sigala has been appointed Chief Marketing Officer , effective&nbsp;...Caesars Names Sigala CMO - O'Dwyer's PR News"
p8
aS'Caesars Entertainment Corp. Uses Mobile App to Communicate with 50k Employees ... Hospitality Technology - Apr 3, 2017 Caesars Entertainment Corporation is focused on building loyalty and value with its guests through a unique combination of great service, excellent products, unsurpassed distribution, operational excellence and technological leadership.'
p9
aS'Caesars Entertainment Announces Parking Program for Las Vegas Properties PR Newswire  - Nov 30, 2016 LAS VEGAS, Nov. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Corporation  today announced that it will launch a paid valet and self-parking initiative intended to improve the parking experience for guests, local residents and Total&nbsp;...Like MGM, Caesars Entertainment to start charging for parking - Las Vegas SunCaesars Entertainment applies to exit NV Energy service - Utility Dive'
p10
a.