(lp0
S"Famous Dave's of America, Inc. Appoints Charles W. Mooty as Chairman of the ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 6, 2017 MINNEAPOLIS, March 06, 2017  -- Famous Dave's of America, Inc.  today announced that its Board of Directors has appointed current Board member and experienced industry executive, Charles W. Mooty&nbsp;...Famous Dave's could close more locations - Nation's Restaurant NewsFamous Dave's: What 99% Of Investors May Have Missed - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Famous Dave's Bar-B-Que Declared Winner in Head-to-Head Bar-B-Que Competition ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 4, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 04, 2016  -- The ultimate jury of experts has cast their vote for best Bar-B-Que, bestowing the title of 'SMOKED Champion' upon Dave Anderson , founder of Famous Dave's of America, Inc."
p2
aS"Famous Dave's: Adventures In Capitalism Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Yesterday, I booked a flight to Minnesota to attend the Famous Dave's annual shareholders meeting on May 2nd. I did more work on Famous Dave's and show, through numbers, DAVE's stock price is overreacting to weak operating results. I offer four key&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Famous Dave: Still A Turnaround Believer Seeking Alpha - Feb 1, 2017 The company only closed one company owned store since November 14, 2016. This is better than feared given the challenging industry backdrop.'
p4
aS"Famous Dave's names Lister as CEO Nation's Restaurant News  - Oct 13, 2016 Famous Dave's of America Inc. is changing CEOs again. ... Mike Lister's deep expertise in the restaurant industry, along with his demonstrated success as a Famous Dave's franchise owner, gives us full confidence that he is the right leader to continue ...Famous Dave's pushes out another CEO, hires its fourth leader in four years - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p5
aS"Raging Capital Management Buys 537K Shares Of Famous Dave's Of America Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 This is a quick update, as holders of Famous Dave's  awoke to some most excellent news. We have official confirmation, per Bloomberg, that Bill Martin and his firm, Raging Capital Management, a Princeton, New Jersey hedge fund with&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Famous Dave's Lack Of Liquidity Is Alarming Seeking Alpha - Dec 27, 2016 DAVE's negative working capital will make it difficult to compete in an industry where stores are constantly being modernized."
p7
aS"Is Famous Dave's Stock Breaking Out? Seeking Alpha - Jan 6, 2017 Shares of Famous Dave's cleared its 50 days moving average, of $4.87, on 2.5 times average 90 day trading volume. I found an interesting Star Tribune article, which indirectly confirms my tinkering with my Famous Dave's 2.0 concept. The stock has ..."
p8
aS"Famous Dave's: I Like Mike Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 The second derivative rate of decline in comps is improving with company owned comps only down 1% during Q3 2016. Mike Lister is a good choice for CEO given his extensive industry knowledge and success running five Famous Dave's franchised&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Famous Dave's founder brings new concept, Jimmie's Old Southern, to Minneapolis Minneapolis Star Tribune - Feb 1, 2017 The name originates from Anderson's father, Jimmie, who taught Dave about barbecue and inspired his passion. Dave Anderson still acts as a consultant with Famous Dave's of America Inc., the Minnetonka-based company that operates or franchises about&nbsp;..."
p10
a.