(lp0
S'The Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0 ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 7, 2017 Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.  announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, January 26th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 6th will be paid a dividend of 0.14 per share on Monday, February 13th.'
p1
aS'Dime Community Bank Announces the Appointment of New Head of Corporate ... GlobeNewswire  - 14 hours ago BROOKLYN, N.Y., April 17, 2017  -- Kenneth J. Mahon, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.  , the parent company of Dime Community Bank ,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces the Retirement of Chief Retail ... Marketwired  - Apr 15, 2016 BROOKLYN, NY-- - Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.  , the parent company of The Dime Savings Banks of Williamsburgh , today announced that the bank's Executive&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'20.05 MarketWatch - Apr 18, 2011 Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company for Dime Community Bank, which provides financial services and loans for housing within its market areas.'
p4
aS'Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces the Retirement of President Michael ... Marketwired  - Oct 20, 2015 BROOKLYN, NY-- - Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.  , the parent company of The Dime Savings Banks of Williamsburgh , today announced that its Vice Chairman&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Dime Community Bancshares Inc  is Beating Capitol ... CML News - Apr 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Capitol Federal Financial Inc  versus Dime Community Bancshares Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.The Artemis Investment Management LLP Decreases Stake in Dime Community ... - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS'Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. Announces CEO Succession Plan Marketwired  - Jun 29, 2016 BROOKLYN, NY-- - Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.  , the parent company of The Dime Savings Bank of Williamsburgh , announced today that effective January 1,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Fitch Affirms Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.'s Ratings at 'BBB/F2'; Outlook ... Reuters - Mar 29, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Dime Community Bancshares: Located In An Attractive Market, This Regional Is ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 18, 2017 Pick This Dime Up Those who follow my articles will know by now that I am no stranger to the world of regional bank investing and that I am of the belief in the long-term bull case for investment in strongly capitalized regional banking institutions ...'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Dime Community Bancshares Inc  versus United ... CML News - Mar 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Dime Community Bancshares Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p10
a.