(lp0
S"Waze Deal Primes Israel's Silicon Wadi for Wave of Investment Bloomberg - Jun 12, 2013 Bardin, who previously ran online-video startup Intercast Networks and co-founded online-calling service Deltathree Inc., has increased his presence in the Israeli startup scene in recent years, speaking at conferences and appearing at technology ..."
p1
aS'The Waze millionaires Globes - Jun 10, 2013 Waze Ltd. CTO Ehud Shabtai co-founded the company in 2006, after receiving a GPS system from a friend. He was enthusiastic about the product, and decided to write an application that would allow people to share information about speed cameras.'
p2
aS'So, You Want to Move Your Startup to Silicon Valley. Now What? Entrepreneur - Dec 29, 2014 I consider myself somewhat of an expert on this subject since I led three companies with dual US/Israel offices  and I can proudly say that I have made every mistake possible The reasons for a move are clear, but not ...'
p3
aS'Zula, The Team Communication App From VoIP Pioneer Jeff Pulver, Raises Further $3M TechCrunch - Jun 11, 2014 Israeli startup Zula, the team communication app founded by VoIP pioneers Jeff Pulver  and Jacob Ner-David , has closed a $3 million series A round. The round was led by Morton Meyerson of 2M, who is joined by Ourcrowd, Microsoft&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'uMake Raises $5.2M To Take On AutoDesk And Others In The World Of 3D Design TechCrunch - Dec 3, 2015 The 3D market has seen an explosion of interest on the back of new hardware to create and experience it, from 3D cameras and VR headgear through to 3D printers; and a raft of popular content that has taken advantage of this.'
p5
aS"The right time for VoIP CNNMoney.com - Jun 2, 2005 The only VoIP stock that has done reasonably well recently is deltathree , up about 10 percent this year. In the past, I've taken a couple of looks at this sector and I've been skeptical."
p6
aS'3 people found safe near Sacramento Delta KCRA Sacramento - Jul 30, 2016 Three people were found near Rio Vista Saturday morning, the day after they were reported missing, the U.S. Coast Guard said in a press release.'
p7
aS"VIDEO: Anti-bullying 'flash mob' unites 700 students, BC Lions players in ... Surrey Now - Feb 29, 2016 NORTH DELTA - Three members of the BC Lions showed their dance moves during an anti-bullying flash mob at North Delta Secondary on Wednesday, Feb. 24, otherwise known as Pink Shirt Day."
p8
aS'American Record Profit Seen as Air Merger Buoys Industry Bloomberg - Mar 7, 2014 American Airlines Group Inc. is heading for an annual profit analysts estimate at $3.5 billion, a record for the resurgent U.S.'
p9
aS"The Most Influential Israelis In Tech Worldwide Business Insider Australia - May 30, 2014 By now we've all probably heard of the startup scene that is flourishing in Israel, or the Startup Nation. After finishing up their army service, many young Israelis go on to make waves in the tech world, often setting roots in Tel Aviv."
p10
a.