(lp0
S'Market Center: Watching the Levels for Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc ... BVN - 9 hours ago Looking at shares of Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc. , the company presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.090423.'
p1
aS"Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc. Reports Results for the Fourth ... Business Wire  - Jan 26, 2017 Owned by Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc. , Dover Downs Hotel &amp; Casino is a premier gaming and entertainment resort destination in the Mid-Atlantic region.Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment's  CEO Denis McGlynn on Q4 2016 ... - Seeking AlphaDover Downs sees profits fall in 2016 - The News Journal"
p2
aS"It's Almost Game Over For Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Seeking Alpha - Mar 11, 2013 Today's Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment can trace its roots to Dover Downs, Inc., which operated the pre-casino Dover Downs. In 2001, Dover Downs, Inc. spun off its gaming operations as Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment and renamed itself&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"A warning for Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment investors Philly.com  - Mar 10, 2014 The relentless financial pressure from Maryland's casinos - Maryland Live! near Baltimore, in particular - put its stamp on the latest annual report filed by Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Inc., which operates a casino in Dover, Del. Since 2008 ..."
p4
aS"Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment's  CEO Denis McGlynn on Q3 2016 ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 27, 2016 Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions].Dover Downs turns another modest profit - The News Journal"
p5
aS"Dover Downs: Fundamental Outlook Not Favorable Seeking Alpha  - May 2, 2010 Our evaluation of Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment  was based primarily on fundamental factors such as past and future operating performance, as well as the company's current competitive environment."
p6
aS"Dover Downs' stock slipping, faces NYSE delisting  again The News Journal - Jan 20, 2016 It's been a rough week for Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment. Shares of the publicly traded company that operates Dover Downs Hotel &amp; Casino fell to a 12-month low on Wednesday, closing at 83 cents. Now, the struggling company is facing a delisting&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Inc  Broker Price Targets For The ... Fiscal Standard - Mar 18, 2017 Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment, Inc. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates gaming and entertainment resort destination.'
p8
aS'Decision Time: Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Inc  Stock ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 Decision Time: Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p9
aS'Dover Downs turns profit for 2015 The News Journal - Jan 28, 2016 A late NASCAR race helped drive Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment to a fourth-quarter profit, while cost cutting kept the publicly traded company in the black for 2015. Now, the hotel and casino business is hoping a new legislative proposal aimed at&nbsp;...'
p10
a.