(lp0
S'BRIEF-Dean foods Co and Kraft Macaroni &amp; Cheese announce strategic collaboration Reuters - 17 hours ago WASHINGTON, April 17 U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday will sign an executive order directing federal agencies to recommend changes to a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the United States to fill high-skilled jobs.'
p1
aS"Dean Foods and KRAFT Macaroni &amp; Cheese Announce Pure Love Partnership PR Newswire  - 17 hours ago DALLAS and PITTSBURGH and CHICAGO, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dean Foods Company  and KRAFT Macaroni &amp; Cheese announced today they are joining forces in a strategic collaboration, spotlighting Dean's DairyPure brand milk&nbsp;...Dean, Kraft Heinz partner for Pure Love campaign - Food Business News "
p2
aS'Dean Foods Company Announces Upcoming Webcast of First Quarter 2017 Earnings ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 13, 2017 DALLAS, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dean Foods Company  will host a live webcast of its first quarter 2017 earnings conference call on May 9 at 9 a.m.Quadrature Capital Ltd Purchases New Position in Dean Foods Co  - Sports PerspectivesDean Foods  Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds - BBNS'
p3
aS"BRIEF-Dean Foods Co CEO Gregg Tanner's 2016 total compensation was $22.5 million Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 RIYADH, April 8 Saudi Arabia announced plans on Saturday to build a 334 sq km &quot;entertainment city&quot; south of the capital Riyadh, to feature sports, cultural and recreational facilities including a safari and a Six Flags theme park."
p4
aS"Jury convicts gambler tied to both Dean Foods ex-boss and PGA Tour's Phil ... Dallas News  - Apr 7, 2017 The government convinced jurors in Manhattan federal court that Walters traded on tips from Tom C. Davis, the former chairman of Dean Foods Co., who testified that he fed Walters inside information that helped the gambler make more than $43 million ...Phil Mickelson's gambler pal convicted: 'I'm in total shock' - Winnipeg Free Press"
p5
aS"Can Dean Foods'  Growth Plans Help It Sustain Momentum? Zacks.com - Mar 28, 2017 The dairy products giant Dean Foods Company's  stock price has been heading north, on the back of its impressive growth strategies and brand strength.Dean Foods, Food Lion Settle Antitrust Suit On Trial's Eve - Law360 Dean Foods Co  Shares Sold by Philadelphia Trust Co. - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS"Dean Foods' Davis tells jury of prostitutes, gambling Salt Lake Tribune - Mar 24, 2017 Those were some of the vices the U.S. government's star witness admitted to during testimony in the inside-trading trial of Las Vegas gambler Billy Walters.Vegas Party Followed Plea Deal in Gambler's Insider-Trading Case - BloombergDean Foods Davis tells insider jury of prostitutes, gambling - Macau Daily Times"
p7
aS'Equity Check-in on Shares of Dean Foods Company  Baxter Review - 18 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Dean Foods Company . ROIC is a metric that can be used to assess the efficiency of a particular company at allocating controlled capital into investments that are&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"PGA Tour star allegedly paid gambler $1.95M, trial of ex-Dean Foods chair reveals Dallas News - Mar 31, 2017 Mickelson owed an unspecified gambling debt to Billy Walters, who is accused of using inside information to make $43 million over a six-year span, according to the U.S.Gov't Charts Dean Foods Trades By Walters And Mickelson - Law360 Phil Mickelson reportedly paid a nearly $2 million gambling debt - Golfweek.com"
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Dean Foods Company  is Beating The Hain Celestial ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Dean Foods Company  versus The Hain Celestial Group Inc  .'
p10
a.