(lp0
S'Digital Ally, Inc. Announces 2016 Operating Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video surveillance products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial applications, today announced its&nbsp;...Analyst: Body-Cam Patent Suit Win Would Be A Big Deal For Digital Ally, Not So ... - BenzingaDigital Ally, Inc.  FY2016 Total Revenue Declined By 17% - StockNewsUnion'
p1
aS'Digital Ally, Inc. to Discuss Fourth Quarter 2016 and Year End Operating ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 LENEXA, KS-- - Digital Ally, Inc. , which develops, manufactures and markets advanced digital technology products for law enforcement, homeland security and commercial security applications, today&nbsp;...Broker Outlook For The Week Ahead Digital Ally, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS'Has Digital Ally Inc  Got Enough Cash To Cover Its Short-Term Obligations? Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 Digital Ally Inc , which has zero-debt on its balance sheet, can maximize capital returns by increasing debt. The debt will reduce the cost of capital for the company.'
p3
aS'Digital Ally, Inc.  Receives &quot;Buy&quot; Rating from Maxim Group BBNS - 2 hours ago Digital Ally, Inc. logo Maxim Group reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Digital Ally, Inc.  in a report issued on Tuesday.Brokerage Analyst Buys: Timberland Bancorp, Inc.  Digital Ally ... - Sherwood Daily'
p4
aS"Should Digital Ally Worry About Axon's Body Camera Plans? Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 Presently, Axon is the leading dealer of body cameras in the U.S., and is way ahead of smaller competitors like Seattle-based VieVu and Digital Ally, Inc. DGLY. With this unconventional move, the company hopes to convert a number of trials into ...Taser Offers One-Year Free Body-Cam Trial To Every Police Officer In America - Benzinga"
p5
aS'Nucor, Avon Products, Digital Ally, Alarm.com Holdings and Ituran Location and ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 7, 2017 Presently, Axon is the leading dealer of body cameras in the U.S., and is way ahead of smaller competitors like Seattle-based VieVu and Digital Ally, Inc. . With this unconventional move, the company hopes to convert a&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Digital Ally receives favorable ruling in lawsuit against Taser Seeking Alpha - Oct 14, 2016 Digital Ally  says that on October 13, 2016, the Federal District Court issued a ruling that denied the request of Taser International  to continue the stay of discovery on the Antitrust claims included in Digital Ally's ...Taser Isn't Sweating Digital Ally's Lawsuit Ruling - Benzinga"
p7
aS'Digital Ally And 3 Law Enforcement Stocks You May Have Never Heard Of Are Surging Benzinga - Jul 8, 2016 Shares of Digital Ally, Inc. , a producer of digital video image and storage products for use in law enforcement, surged higher by more than 50 percent to $6.27 on Friday following the deadly shooting in Dallas in which five police offers ...Digital Ally  Stock: Skyrocketing After Shootings - CNA Finance '
p8
aS"Digital Ally Will Remain Unprofitable Until 2017, Says Roth Benzinga - May 9, 2016 Digital Ally, Inc.  is scheduled to report its 1Q16 results after market close on May 10. ROTH Capital's William Gibson maintains a Neutral rating on the company, with a price target of $6."
p9
aS"Analyst Sees 'Limited Impact' On Digital Ally From Axon's Free Body Cam Promotion Benzinga - Apr 12, 2017 Digital Ally already caters to 9,000 local enforcement agencies and some of them are using the company's software storage services."
p10
a.