(lp0
S'Market: The Quest Diagnostics Incorporated  Stake Reduced by Sumitomo ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC increased its position in shares of Quest Diagnostics by 792.4% in the second quarter. Pinkerton Retirement ...'
p1
aS"Market: The Quest Diagnostics Incorporated  Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 The upside is backed by the successful execution of the company's strategy to grow its esoteric testing and drive profitable growth."
p2
aS'Will Quest Diagnostics  Pull a Surprise in Q1 Earnings? Yahoo Finance - Apr 13, 2017 Quest Diagnostics Inc. DGX is scheduled to report first-quarter 2017 earnings results before the opening bell on Apr 20. Last quarter, the company topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 4 cents, delivering a positive earnings surprise of 3.15%.'
p3
aS'Quest Diagnostics Reports Data Breach Wall Street Journal - Dec 12, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. said it is investigating a breach of one of its web applications, by which the health records of 34,000 individuals were accessed.Quest Diagnostics Breach Exposes Health Data of 34000 Customers - Fortune'
p4
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Reduces Position in Quest Diagnostics Inc  Sports Perspectives - 5 hours ago Quest Diagnostics logo Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in Quest Diagnostics Inc  by 95.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.The Quest Diagnostics Inc  Rating Reiterated by Mizuho - Petro Global News 24Quest Diagnostics  Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds - Markets Daily'
p5
aS"Quest Diagnostics Presents Supplier Excellence Awards to Five Partners PR Newswire  - Apr 6, 2017 MADISON, N.J., April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quest Diagnostics , the world's leading provider of diagnostic information services, today awarded Supplier Excellence Awards to five companies at its 2017 Supplier Forum.Quest Diagnostics Inc  Position Decreased by Fmr LLC - The Cerbat GemQuest Diagnostics Inc  Stake Increased by Contravisory Investment ... - BNB Daily "
p6
aS"UnitedHealth's Optum Unit to Oversee Quest Diagnostics' Billing Processes Wall Street Journal - Sep 13, 2016 UnitedHealth Group Inc.'s Optum health-services arm has struck a deal to oversee billing processes for lab giant Quest Diagnostics Inc., substantially expanding its growing business of handling such transactions for health-care companies. Under the 10 ...Quest Diagnostics joins forces with UHG's Optum services system - NJBIZOptum and Quest Diagnostics Partner to Help Make the Health System Work Better ... - Business Wire "
p7
aS"Quest Diagnostics and AncestryDNA Collaborate to Expand Consumer DNA Testing PR Newswire  - Aug 3, 2016 MADISON, N.J., and LEHI, Utah, Aug. 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Quest Diagnostics , the world's leading provider of diagnostic information services, and AncestryDNA, the leader in family history and consumer genomics, are teaming up to help&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Wolf Popper LLP: Quest Diagnostics And LabCorp Sued For Excessive Charges PR Newswire  - Apr 6, 2017 NEW YORK, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Wolf Popper LLP announces Quest Diagnostics Inc.   and Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings   were sued in the United States District Courts in the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Quest Diagnostics to Move Headquarters to Secaucus Wall Street Journal - Jun 6, 2016 Quest Diagnostics Inc. said it would move its corporate headquarters from Madison, N.J., to Secaucus, N.J., next fall, a move that comes as the laboratory-testing company has sought to improve its diagnostics business.Quest Diagnostics to Relocate Corporate Headquarters, Consolidate Office ... - PR Newswire Quest Diagnostics to relocate headquarters to Secaucus - NJ.com'
p10
a.