(lp0
S"Top 150 licensors report $272bn in sales, with Walt Disney Company leading the ... The Drum - 11 hours ago With more than $272bn in global sales of retail merchandise last year, a License Global magazine report lists the Walt Disney Company as the world's leading licensor with brands that include Lucasfilm, Marvel, ABC, ESPN, DisneyPixar and Walt Disney&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Why Apple Inc should buy Walt Disney Co Financial Post - Apr 13, 2017 With investors talking more and more about ways Apple Inc. could gain scale in media and content, and chief executive Tim Cook suggesting that deal size wouldn't stand in his way, Walt Disney Co. has surfaced as an obvious potential takeover target.Apple Buying Disney? Merging 2 Overpriced Giants - Seeking AlphaInvestors aren't putting much stock in the Apple/Disney takeout talk - CNBC"
p2
aS"What's Walt Disney Co  Fate After Beauty and the Beast Euphoria? Library For Smart Investors - 20 hours ago Walt Disney Co  is roaring these days, amid a successful launch of Beauty and the Beast, and upcoming sensations like Star Wars: The Last Jedi, Guardians of the Galaxy 2 and Thor: Ragnarok.Mayo Investment Advisers LLC Lowers Position in Walt Disney Co  - The Cerbat GemWalt Disney Company   Closes 0.51% Up on the Day for April 17 - Equities.com"
p3
aS"Better Buy: Walt Disney Co vs. Nike Inc Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2017 Disney, on the other hand, benefits from multiple moats. On one hand, the company's brand ranks above Nike, at No.Walt Disney Co  Position Decreased by GLG Partners LP - The Cerbat GemWalt Disney Company   Closes 0.42% Down on the Day for April 07 - Equities.com"
p4
aS"Instant Analysis: Walt Disney Co Extends Bob Iger's Contract, Perhaps for the ... Motley Fool - Apr 3, 2017 Walt Disney  has locked down its popular CEO, at least for a short time longer. The company extended its existing contract with Bob Iger by just over one year to July 2, 2019.5 Ways Disney Will Make You Rich - Seeking AlphaNow Is the Best Time In 5 Years To Buy Walt Disney Co Stock  - Investorplace.com"
p5
aS"The Walt Disney Company: Beautiful Profits Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Proving that consumers' thirst for nostalgia isn't dead, Beauty and the Beast, The Walt Disney Company's  remake of its highly successful 1991 animated featured, raked in $350 million in global box office receipts during its opening weekend,&nbsp;...Disney 'pleased' to confirm Beauty and the Beast will play in Malaysia without ... - The Independent"
p6
aS"The Walt Disney Company  Makes Goldman's Conviction Buy List Investorplace.com - Apr 11, 2017 Technically speaking, Disney has been essentially riding its 20-day moving average since November, successfully testing it as support numerous times without approaching its intermediate-term 50-day MA, which sits about a percent or two lower.Goldman Sachs Adds Disney to Conviction Buy List - InvestopediaDisney Is The Dow's Biggest Gainer After Goldman Sachs Adds Stock To ... - Fox Business"
p7
aS'STB, The Walt Disney Company in three-year collaboration deal THE BUSINESS TIMES - Apr 13, 2017 THE Singapore Tourism Board  is forming a three-year collaboration with The Walt Disney Company  that will enable Singapore to host events and activities across the different Disney brands.Singapore Tourism Board ties up with Walt Disney - TTG Asia'
p8
aS'Is The Walt Disney Company A Bargain? A DCF And SOTP Analysis Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Investment Thesis: ESPN concerns are overstated and investors should consider performance of Parks &amp; Resorts and Studio Entertainment segment.'
p9
aS"Walt Disney Co  Stock Is Still More Beast Than Beauty Investorplace.com - Mar 27, 2017 There is a lot of happy talk about Walt Disney Co  as the stock opened for trading on Mar. 27. Disney's Beauty and the Beast, a live-action remake of the 1991 animated film, has made $317 million in the U.S.Disney Stock: More Beauty Than Beast? - Benzinga"
p10
a.