(lp0
S"The Investment Analysts' Weekly Ratings Changes for Dick's Sporting Goods  Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 Dick's Sporting Goods Inc  traded down 0.96% on Thursday, hitting $50.71. The stock had a trading volume of 1,326,659 shares."
p1
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of Six New Stores PR Newswire  - Apr 4, 2017 Founded in 1948, DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories.Dick's Sporting Goods to open in former Sports Authority space - The Denver PostDick's Sporting Goods to open new store in Pearland - Chron.com"
p2
aS"Trade of the Day: Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Investorplace.com - Mar 27, 2017 Dicks Sporting Goods Inc , the Pennsylvania-based retailer of athletic, hunting and golf equipment and apparel, is a close competitor of Finish Line Inc , which had a disastrous earnings report on Friday.Checking the Overall Picture for Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalDick's Sporting Goods Inc. performed Very Well with a change of 4.05% in the ... - Free Observer"
p3
aS"DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Grand Opening of New Store in Encinitas, CA PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2017 The new location is the eighth former Sports Authority location that that Company has converted and reopened as a DICK'S Sporting Goods this year. This store will feature athletic and outdoor apparel and the latest gear for athletes of all ages in the ...Post Earnings Coverage as DICK'S Sporting Goods Quarterly Sales Increased 10.9% - Yahoo FinanceDICK'S Sporting Converts 8th TSA Store, Reopens in California - Nasdaq"
p4
aS"Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Stake in Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 17, 2017 Dicks Sporting Goods logo Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in shares of Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  by 9.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Brokerages Set Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Target Price at $61.06 - Chaffey BreezeDick's Sporting Goods Inc  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge"
p5
aS"Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of &quot;Buy&quot; from Analysts Sports Perspectives - 5 hours ago Dicks Sporting Goods logo Dicks Sporting Goods Inc  has earned an average recommendation of Buy from the thirty-two brokerages that are covering the company.Featured Stock for Investors: Dick's Sporting Goods Inc.  - HugoPressBuy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Teradyne, Inc. , Dick's ... - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS"Trading Watch: Reviewing the Numbers for Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 5 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 5607016. The EV is used to show how the market assigns value to ..."
p7
aS"Here's Why DICK'S Sporting is Poised for Strategic Growth Zacks.com - Mar 24, 2017 DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc.  looks good backed by its growth initiatives, merchandising and store growth strategies, as well as impressive earnings history."
p8
aS"Are Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.  Stock Technicals Favorable? USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago With all other things going on, Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -7.13 percent in just three months."
p9
aS"$8000 in merchandise stolen from Dick's Sporting Goods in Arlington Heights ... Chicago Tribune - Apr 13, 2017 Arlington Heights police are investigating a report of a break-in and theft of more than $8,000 in merchandise at a local sporting goods store early Thursday morning.Break-in at Arlington Heights sporting goods store - Chicago Daily Herald"
p10
a.