(lp0
S'Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Dolby Laboratories logo Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  has received an average recommendation of Hold from the six analysts that are covering the company.Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  Position Raised by State Street Corp - Sports PerspectivesDolby Laboratories, Inc.  Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share - Markets Daily'
p1
aS"Dolby Laboratories, Inc. Serves Up a Mix Motley Fool - Oct 24, 2015 Similar to last quarter, however, Dolby's bottom line was well above expectations, albeit thanks mostly to a positive $0.16-per-share contribution from the sale of real estate during the quarter."
p2
aS"Dolby Laboratories: An Impressive Q1, But Price And Dilution Remain Concerns Seeking Alpha - Jan 26, 2017 DLB's Q1 came in well ahead of both guidance and consensus, though there was some help in terms of timing and recoveries. Guidance for the rest of the year still implies relatively slow growth, and Dolby remains heavily reliant on new, unproven ..."
p3
aS'Why Dolby Laboratories, Inc. Stock Rose 14% Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2016 So what: Dolby Laboratories, a company specializing in audio, imaging, and voice technologies, reported revenue and non-GAAP EPS of $274 million and $0.82, respectively.'
p4
aS'Dolby Laboratories  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Oct 27, 2016 Welcome to the Dolby Laboratories Conference Call discussing Fiscal Fourth Quarter Results. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode.Dolby Laboratories Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire '
p5
aS"Dolby Laboratories, Inc.'s Quarter: Loud Earnings, Quiet Revenue Motley Fool - Jul 23, 2015 Listen up, Dolby Laboratories  investors, because your favorite audio specialist just reported fiscal third-quarter 2015 results.Cineplexx and Dolby Laboratories to Launch Dolby Cinema at Six Locations in ... - Business Wire "
p6
aS'Dolby: An Overlooked Growth Story With Catalysts Seeking Alpha - Jan 5, 2017 Dolby Laboratories  is a compelling growth story. The stock is currently hovering around $46, but new growth drivers can send it above $60 this year.'
p7
aS'Dolby Laboratories Inc.: Dolby Laboratories Announces Conference Call and ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 13, 2017 Dolby Laboratories  creates audio, video, and voice technologies that transform entertainment and communications in mobile devices, at the cinema, at home, and at work.Dolby Laboratories, Inc. and Vishay Intertechnology Inc. Head to Head Compare - CML News'
p8
aS"Dolby Laboratories, Inc. and Littelfuse Inc. Head to Head Compare CML News - Apr 15, 2017 These companies have the same star rating so the head-to-head compare will rely on a deep dive into specific metric comparisons. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p9
aS'Dolby Laboratories and BlueJeans Network Innovate to Power Superior Meeting ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 Dolby Laboratories, Inc.  and Blue Jeans Network, Inc., a leading video meetings platform, today announced the companies are collaborating to create an entirely new meeting experience.BlueJeans Network Elevates Meeting Experiences with New Partnerships and ... - GlobeNewswire '
p10
a.