(lp0
S"Dialogic Buys Apex for Real-Time Comms Light Reading - Feb 9, 2016 In offering real-time conferencing, Dialogic goes into a competitive market, going up against Cisco Systems Inc.  WebEx, Citrix Systems Inc. 's GoToMeeting, Microsoft Corp. 's Skype, and a slew of other&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Dialogic Enters Into Merger Agreement with Novacap TMT Business Wire  - Oct 10, 2014 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Dialogic Inc. , the Network Fuel company, today announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with entities affiliated with Novacap TMT IV, L.P.'
p2
aS'NOVACAP Completes Acquisition of Dialogic Business Wire  - Nov 24, 2014 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Novacap TMT IV, L.P., a Canadian leader in the private equity field, and Dialogic Inc. , the Network Fuel company, today announced that entities affiliated with Novacap have successfully completed&nbsp;...Novacap closes deal for Dialogic - Montreal Gazette'
p3
aS"Kevin Cook Appointed as President and CEO of Dialogic Business Wire  - Aug 10, 2012 MILPITAS, Calif.----Dialogic Inc. , a leading provider of products and technologies that enable operators to provide - and subscribers to enjoy - an enhanced mobile experience, today announced that Dialogic's Board of&nbsp;...Kevin Cook replaces Nick Jensen as Dialogic CEO - Bizjournals.com"
p4
aS'Dialogic Named a 2016 NFV Product of the Year Award Winner by INTERNET TELEPHONY PR Web  - Feb 1, 2017 Dialogic, a cloud-optimized applications and infrastructure solutions provider for service providers, enterprises, and developers, announced today that TMC, a global, integrated media company, has named PowerMedia XMS as a 2016 NFV Product of the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'COURE Software and Systems Inc. Selects Dialogic Signaling Solution to Offer ... PR Web  - Apr 4, 2017 Dialogic, a cloud-optimized applications and infrastructure solutions provider for service providers, enterprises, and developers, announced today that COURE Software and Systems Inc. , a business automation firm operating in the US and Nigeria,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Partitionware Selects Dialogic DSI STP Solution to Extend Networking Services PR Web  - Oct 18, 2016 Dialogic, a cloud-optimized applications and infrastructure solutions provider for service providers, enterprises, and developers, announced today that Partitionware Limited, a leading provider of innovative networking solutions for the telecom ...'
p7
aS'Veraz Networks and Dialogic Announce Definitive Agreement to Merge Business Wire  - May 12, 2010 Jefferies &amp; Company, Inc. acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Dialogic, and Pagemill Partners acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Veraz.'
p8
aS'Dialogic Celebrates New Corporate Headquarters with Ribbon-Cutting Ceremony Parsippany Focus - Sep 10, 2014 PARSIPPANY - Dialogic, Inc., the Network Fuel company, celebrated its corporate headquarters relocation in Parsippany with a ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Parsippany Mayor James Barberio and Dialogic CEO and president Kevin Cook.'
p9
aS'Dialogic PowerVille Visual IVR Named A Winner At LTE &amp; 5G World Awards 2016 PR Web  - Jun 30, 2016 Dialogic, a cloud-optimized applications and infrastructure solutions provider for service providers, enterprises, and developers, announced today that Dialogic PowerVille Visual IVR  application has won the 2016 LTE &amp; 5G World Award for Most&nbsp;...'
p10
a.