(lp0
S"What Investors Should Know About DLH Holdings Corp's  Financial Strength? Simply Wall St - Mar 31, 2017 DLH Holdings Corp  is a small-cap-stock with a market capitalization of USD $59 Million. While investors primarily focus on the growth potential and competitive landscape of the small-cap companies, they end up ignoring a key aspect,&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Danya International Acquired by DLH Holdings Corporation WashingtonExec - May 13, 2016 Provider of technology-enabled program management, consulting, and digital communications solutions Danya International has recently been acquired by Atlanta, Ga.'
p2
aS"DLH Holdings  Secures US Navy's Clinical Preceptorship Program StreetInsider.com - Mar 28, 2017 DLH Holdings Corp.  is pleased to announce winning the U.S. Navy's Clinical Preceptorship Program  contract."
p3
aS'Traders Take Note: DLH Holdings Corp.  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 Take Note: DLH Holdings Corp.  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"DLH Holdings'  CEO Zach Parker on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 A reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our reported GAAP results is included in our earnings release and in the investor presentation on DLH's website. All comparisons throughout the call will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise stated."
p5
aS'Analyst Activity  Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage On DLH Holdings Corp ... Market Exclusive - Mar 14, 2017 Today, Canaccord Genuity initiated coverage on DLH Holdings Corp.  with a Buy with a price target of $6.00. There are 2 buy ratings on the stock.'
p6
aS'DLH Holdings Corp.  Coverage Initiated at Canaccord Genuity The Cerbat Gem - Apr 5, 2017 DLH Holdings Corp. logo Canaccord Genuity initiated coverage on shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  in a research report report published on Tuesday morning.'
p7
aS'Decision Time: DLH Holdings Corp.  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 Decision Time: DLH Holdings Corp.  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p8
aS'Market Scope: Viewing Shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  BVN - Mar 31, 2017 Taking a closer look at some quality ratios for DLH Holdings Corp. , the firm has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.319034.'
p9
aS'DLH Holdings Corp.  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Sports Perspectives - Apr 6, 2017 DLH Holdings Corp. logo Canaccord Genuity assumed coverage on shares of DLH Holdings Corp.  in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning.'
p10
a.