(lp0
S'Leaf Group Ltd.  Experiencing Fast Growth, But is There Further Upside? The Herald - 8 hours ago Leaf Group Ltd.  has been experiencing accelerated earnings and sales growth over the past five years. Over that time frame the firm has seen earnings growth of 40.50% and sales growth of -19.00%.Brokerages Expect Leaf Group Ltd  to Post  Earnings Per Share - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'BRIEF-Demand Media announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd Reuters - Nov 9, 2016 BRIEF-Demand Media announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd. Nov 9  -. * Demand Media Inc announced its new corporate name, Leaf Group Ltd. * Demand Media Inc says also begins trading its common stock on Nov. 9 on New York&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Demand Media Announces Intent to Change Name to Leaf Group Business Wire  - Oct 28, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--Demand Media, Inc. , a diversified internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced it has received board approval to change the company's name to Leaf Group Ltd. The company&nbsp;...Demand Media changing names, to Leaf Group - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Leaf Group Ltd.  CEO Sean Moriarty On Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Good afternoon. My name is Kristine, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Leaf Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Jeff Misthal, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations ..."
p4
aS"Leaf Group to Participate At The 29th Annual ROTH Conference Business Wire  - Mar 6, 2017 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----Leaf Group Ltd. , a diversified Internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, announced that the company's Chief Executive Officer, Sean Moriarty, and Chief Financial&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Demand Media Highlights Company Transformation Through New Corporate Name ... Business Wire  - Nov 9, 2016 SANTA MONICA, Calif.----In recognition of its business transformation, Demand Media, Inc., a diversified internet company comprised of several marketplace and media properties, today announced its new corporate name - Leaf Group Ltd.Demand Media Emerges As Leaf Group - socalTech.com'
p6
aS"BRIEF-Demand Media announces intent to change name to Leaf Group Reuters - Oct 28, 2016 BRASILIA/BEIJING, March 25 China lifted a ban on imports of meat from Brazil on Saturday after Brazilian authorities clarified details of a police investigation into alleged bribery of health inspectors, in a victory for President Michel Temer's ..."
p7
aS"BRIEF-Leaf Group files for mixed shelf of up to $100 million Reuters - Feb 24, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Leaf Group Ltd  Given &quot;Hold&quot; Rating at Jefferies Group LLC The Cerbat Gem - Apr 16, 2017 Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their hold rating on shares of Leaf Group Ltd  in a research report released on Monday.Leaf Group Ltd  Receives &quot;Hold&quot; Rating from Jefferies Group LLC - BBNS'
p9
aS'Osmium Partners, LLC Buys Leaf Group, DAVIDsTEA, Liquidity Service, Sells CRA ... GuruFocus.com - Mar 2, 2017 Greenbrae, CA, based Investment company Osmium Partners, LLC buys Leaf Group, DAVIDsTEA, Liquidity Service, sells CRA International, Travelzoo during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.