(lp0
S"Snyder's-Lance Completes Acquisition of Diamond Foods, Inc. PR Newswire  - Feb 29, 2016 CHARLOTTE, N.C., Feb. 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  announced today the completion of its acquisition of Diamond Foods, Inc.  . Per terms of the deal, Snyder's-Lance&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance takes over Diamond Foods - Stockton RecordSnyder's-Lance completes Diamond Foods purchase - The Evening Sun"
p1
aS"Snyder's-Lance to Buy Diamond Foods in $1.27 Billion Deal Wall Street Journal - Oct 28, 2015 Snacks maker Snyder's-Lance Inc. agreed to buy the maker of Emerald almonds and Kettle potato chips in a $1.27 billion deal that highlights how big food makers are racing to add simpler, less-processed foods to their portfolios. Snyder's, known for its&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance, Inc. Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Diamond Foods, Inc. - PR Newswire Snyder's-Lance Agrees to Buy Diamond Foods for $1.27 Billion - Bloomberg"
p2
aS"Diamond Foods, Inc. Earnings: Is the Snack-Maker Back in Business? Motley Fool - Jun 4, 2014 Diamond Foods' fiscal second-quarter results showed just how impressive a turnaround the snack-food company has made."
p3
aS'Why Diamond Foods, Inc. Stock Jumped 10% in June Motley Fool - Jul 9, 2015 Now what: For years, Diamond Foods has been a radioactive stock, following an accounting scandal that led to the resignation of its CEO and CFO, several financial restatements, and the collapse of its deal to buy Pringles from Procter &amp; Gamble.'
p4
aS'Diamond Foods restatement wipes out $56.5 million in profit Reuters - Nov 15, 2012 Diamond Foods Inc DMND.O on Wednesday restated financial results for fiscal years 2010 and 2011, erasing $56.5 million in profit, and reported sharply lower earnings for the first three quarters of 2012, after an accounting scandal hurt its ability to ...Diamond Foods Announces Changes to Its Board of Directors - GlobeNewswire Diamond restates financials - Baking Business '
p5
aS'Diamond Foods seeks to sell company in pieces MarketWatch - Oct 1, 2015 Diamond Foods, after failing to find a buyer for the entire company, will now look to sell the $1 billion snack foods company in pieces, The Post has learned. The maker US:DMND of Kettle chips, Pop Secret popcorn and Emerald Snacks has switched gears&nbsp;...Diamond seeking snack acquisitions - Food Business News '
p6
aS'SEC charges Diamond Foods over nutty accounting CNN - Jan 9, 2014 Nut seller Diamond Foods is shelling out $5 million after being accused of some unsavory accounting practices. The Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday that the company and its former CEO have settled charges related to an allegedly&nbsp;...Diamond Foods Pays $5M To End SEC Walnut Fraud Case - Law360 Diamond Foods to Pay $5 Million to Settle SEC Fraud Charges - Wall Street Journal'
p7
aS"Diamond Foods opens innovation center in Oregon Baking Business  - Jul 15, 2015 SAN FRANCISCO - Diamond Foods, Inc. has opened a new 7,000-plus-square- foot innovation center in Salem, Ore., that is located adjacent to the company's Kettle brand potato chip facility.Diamond Foods touts Salem food innovation center - Statesman JournalDiamond Foods opens State-of-the-Art Innovation Center - PotatoPro"
p8
aS"Snyder's-Lance to sell Diamond of California Food Business News  - Nov 29, 2016 The Diamond of California business had net revenues of $42.9 million in the third quarter of this fiscal year. The Diamond of California business was part of the acquisition by Snyder's-Lance of Diamond Foods, Inc. That transaction, which closed in ...Snyder's-Lance Announces Divestiture of Diamond of California Culinary Nut ... - GlobeNewswire Diamond plant sold; future unclear - Stockton Record"
p9
aS'Kellogg in talks to buy Diamond Foods for $1.5 billion: NY Post Reuters - Oct 23, 2015 Kellogg Co , which makes Corn Flakes and Rice Krispies, is in late-stage talks to buy snack foods company Diamond Foods Inc DMND.O for more than $1.5 billion, the New York Post reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources. Kellogg could pay $35 to&nbsp;...Kellogg nears $1B merger with snack maker Diamond Foods - New York PostReport: Kellogg In Talks To Acquire Diamond - Manufacturing.net'
p10
a.