(lp0
S"Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. to Announce First Quarter 2017 Results PR Newswire  - Apr 13, 2017 CANTON, Mass., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc., , the parent company of two of the world's most recognized brands, Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins, plans to release its first quarter 2017 financial results on&nbsp;...Analysts Anticipate Dunkin Brands Group Inc  Will Announce Quarterly ... - Markets Daily"
p1
aS"Dunkin' Donuts chief financial officer to step down Boston Business Journal - Mar 23, 2017 Dunkin' Brands Group Inc., the Canton-based parent company of Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins, said Thursday that its chief financial officer is stepping down for another job in the retail industry.Dunkin' Brands Announces CFO Leadership Transition - PR Newswire Dunkin' Brands CFO Paul Carbone resigns - Nation's Restaurant News"
p2
aS"Why Snap Inc , Dunkin Brands Group Inc  and Valeant ... Investorplace.com - Apr 5, 2017 Inspired by a strong ADP payroll report for March, which bodes well for the Friday's comparable report from the Department of Labor, the bulls dug in early on Wednesday."
p3
aS"Dunkin' Brands shares down nearly 3% premarket as Goldman downgrades to sell MarketWatch - Mar 29, 2017 Shares of Dunkin' Brands Group Inc. DNKN, -1.05% fell 2.8% in premarket trades Wednesday, after the doughnut retailer was downgraded to sell from neutral at Goldman Sachs."
p4
aS"Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Dunkin' Brands Group Inc Implied Price ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Dunkin' Brands Group Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now."
p5
aS"Short Data Recap for: Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 12 hours ago According to the latest stock data, investors are looking at Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p6
aS"Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. : An Examination Of The Chart For Today's Session NY Stock News - Mar 30, 2017 Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p7
aS"Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc.  And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling ... NY Stock News - Apr 6, 2017 Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock."
p8
aS"Today's Brokerage Rating: Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. , INC Research ... StockNewsJournal - Apr 7, 2017 ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.CT Financial Advisors LLC Has $316000 Stake in Dunkin Brands Group Inc  - The Cerbat GemAnalysts Set Dunkin Brands Group Inc  PT at $51.64 - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS"Stock Returns: Dunkin' Brands Group Inc  versus Panera Bread ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Dunkin' Brands Group Inc  versus Panera Bread Company  ."
p10
a.