(lp0
S'CNBC Transcript: Andrew N. Liveris, CEO, Dow Chemical Company CNBC - Mar 20, 2017 Following is the transcript of a CNBC interview with Andrew N. Liveris, CEO, Dow Chemical Company. The interview was broadcast on CNBC on 20 March 2017.'
p1
aS"Dow Chemical Co  Receives Hold Rating from Citigroup Inc The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Dow Chemical logo Dow Chemical Co 's stock had its hold rating restated by Citigroup Inc in a research note issued to investors on Friday.Analyst Activity  Citigroup Inc Reiterates Buy on Dow Chemical Co  - Market ExclusiveDow Chemical Co  Cut to Buy at Vetr Inc. - BBNS"
p2
aS"Dow Chemical launching mentoring program for at-risk youth in Iberville Parish The Advocate - Apr 14, 2017 The Dow Chemical Co. is launching a new mentoring program in Iberville Parish aimed at molding at-risk young black males into tomorrow's leaders."
p3
aS"The Dow Chemical Company  Exposed Via Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The Dow Chemical Company  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics."
p4
aS"Dow Chemical-DuPont merger may impact competition: CCI Economic Times - Mar 22, 2017 Under the DuPont-Dow Chemicals transaction, both would be combined in an all-stock merger. For the deal -- which is expected to create the world's biggest chemical and material firm -- the parties had entered into a definitive agreement in December 2015.Dow Chemical Company   Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 - Equities.comThe Dow Chemical Company performed Poor with a change of -0.46% in the Last Trade - Free Observer"
p5
aS"Dow-DuPont Merger: Dow Chemical Co , DuPont  Gets EU Approval Investorplace.com - Mar 27, 2017 Dow Chemical Co and Du Pont's plans for the merger include spinning off into three separate companies once the deal is complete.Dow Chemical, DuPont merger gets European Commission approval - MLive.comEU clears Dow-DuPont merger - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS"BRIEF-Fluor Corp says finished mechanical construction of Dow Chemical Co's ... Reuters - Mar 30, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Andreas Halvorsen Buys Dow Chemical Co, Deere, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Sells ... Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Andreas Halvorsen initiated holdings in Dow Chemical Co. The purchase prices were between $51.86 and $59.08, with an estimated average price of $54.99.'
p8
aS"Move to ban Dow Chemical pesticide rejected by EPA Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2017 The EPA rejects a petition to ban chlorpyrifos, a common pesticide used on food, reversing an EPA recommendation issued in the Obama administration.Trump's EPA Chief Chooses Not to Ban Dow Chemical Pesticide  - InvestopediaEPA head won't ban controversial pesticide - The Hill"
p9
aS'AgroFresh Solutions Announces Various Agreements with The Dow Chemical Company ... Business Wire  - Apr 5, 2017 PHILADELPHIA----AgroFresh Solutions, Inc.  , a global leader in produce freshness solutions, announced today revisions to various agreements arising from its separation from The Dow&nbsp;...'
p10
a.