(lp0
S"Minnesota's Digital River Inc. and clients deal with outage Minneapolis Star Tribune - Feb 26, 2012 A three-day hardware failure at Digital River Inc., a Minnetonka-based software company that runs online transactions for hundreds of websites worldwide, hurt some of its smaller customers but didn't affect the global commerce of its biggest clients ..."
p1
aS"Digital River will go private in $840M deal Minneapolis Star Tribune - Oct 24, 2014 Digital River Inc., the Twin Cities' most prominent survivor of the first Internet boom in the late 1990s, will be taken private by a New York investment firm early next year unless other offers emerge.Digital River  Stock Soaring Today After Announcing It Will Be Taken Private - TheStreet.comDigital River Announces Agreement to be Acquired by Investor Group Led by ... - Business Wire "
p2
aS"Moody's assigns B2 CFR to Digital River; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Jan 21, 2015 New York, January 21, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service  has assigned first-time corporate family and probability of default ratings  of B2 and B2-PD, respectively, to Digital River, Inc. Moody's also assigned ..."
p3
aS"Moody's affirms Digital River's B2 CFR and upgrades 1st lien to Ba3 and 2nd ... Moodys.com   - Nov 20, 2015 New York, November 20, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service affirmed Digital River, Inc.'s  B2 corporate family rating  and B2-PD probability of default rating ."
p4
aS'Digital River Sponsors and Exhibits at Adobe Summit Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Digital River, Inc., a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions, announced that it will sponsor and exhibit at Adobe Summit (https://summit.'
p5
aS'Global Independent Research Firm Names Digital River as a Strong Performer in ... Business Wire  - Mar 28, 2017 MINNEAPOLIS----Digital River, Inc., a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions, was among the select companies that Forrester Research, a leading global research and advisory firm, invited to participate in its report,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Digital River World Payments Adds In-Country Payment Processing in Hong Kong ... Business Wire  - Mar 16, 2017 MINNEAPOLIS----Digital River World Payments, a global payments service provider, announced it is working with First Data, a global leader in commerce-enabling technology, to offer online merchants a full-service, turn-key solution for&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Digital River Teams up with Global Mass Payments Provider Payoneer Business Wire  - Jul 8, 2015 MINNEAPOLIS----Digital River, Inc., a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions, announced it has teamed up with Payoneer Inc., a leading online payments company transforming the way businesses send and receive&nbsp;...Digital River and Payoneer Offer More Global Payment Options to Merchants - Payment Week'
p8
aS'Digital River Named Finalist for 17 Business Wire  - Sep 19, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS----Digital River, Inc., a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions, is recognized by the Minnesota High Tech Association  as a finalist in two categories for the 2016 Tekne Awards - Established&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Digital River Completes Acquisition Of LML Payment Systems TheStreet.com  - Jan 10, 2013 Digital River, Inc. , the revenue growth experts in global cloud commerce, announced that it has completed its previously-announced all-cash acquisition of LML Payment Systems Inc. .Digital River Completes All-cash Acquisition Of LML Payment Systems Inc. - RTT News'
p10
a.