(lp0
S'Devry Education Group Inc.  is Attracting Smart... Small Cap Exclusive  - 6 hours ago For those not familiar with the company, DeVry Education Group Inc.  is a global provider of educational services.'
p1
aS"DeVry Education Group Inc. Stock Down 14% Following Big News Day: Here's What ... Motley Fool - May 25, 2016 An improving jobs market means fewer college enrollees for DeVry. But the company is looking to grow in other ways. What: Shares of for-profit higher- and professional-education company DeVry Education Group Inc  are down more than 13.7%&nbsp;...DeVry Education Group CEO out after federal lawsuit - Chicago TribuneFor-profit college company DeVry Education Group replaces CEO - Washington Post"
p2
aS'DeVry Education Group  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 Good afternoon, and welcome to the DeVry Education Group Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.DeVry Education  Beats Q2 Earnings, Misses Revenues - Zacks.comDeVry Education Group Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results - Business Wire '
p3
aS'Price Alert: DeVry Education Group Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - 21 hours ago Price Alert: DeVry Education Group Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p4
aS'Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact DeVry Education Group  Stock ... The Cerbat Gem - 9 hours ago DeVry Education Group logo News stories about DeVry Education Group  have been trending positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment.DeVry Education Group Inc  Given Consensus Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; by ... - BNB Daily '
p5
aS"DeVry Education - An Attractive Value Proposition Seeking Alpha - Jan 19, 2017 DeVry Education Group's Chamberlain College of nursing and international and professional segment  is a bright spot, and our outlook on these businesses remains robust."
p6
aS"DeVry Education Group  Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements with respect to the future performance and financial condition of DeVry Education Group that involve risks and uncertainties. Various factors could cause actual ...DeVry Education Group Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results - Business Wire "
p7
aS'DeVry Education Group Inc.  CEO Lisa Wardell on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 19, 2016 Good afternoon, and welcome to the DeVry Education Group Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.DeVry Education Group Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year Fiscal 2016 Results - Business Wire '
p8
aS"DeVry Education Group Inc Stock Up 23% on Earnings: Here's What You Need to Know Motley Fool - May 6, 2016 Now what: Despite challenges at DeVry University and Carrington College, the company is seeing strong demand for its nursing and healthcare programs, and especially strong demand at DeVry Brasil, which saw total enrollment increase 35% in the March&nbsp;...DeVry Education Group Announces Third-Quarter 2016 Results - Business Wire "
p9
aS"DeVry Education Group to Host Investor Day in Chicago Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 Since 1931 DeVry Education Group has empowered its students to achieve their educational and career goals. DeVry Education Group Inc.  is a leading global education provider and the parent organization of&nbsp;...First Analysis Upgrades the shares of DeVry Education Group Inc.  to ... - HugoPressDeVry Education Group Inc.'s  stock price is Presently Worth at $33.60 ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p10
a.