(lp0
S'Market Sheet: Watching the Levels for Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 19 hours ago Dover Motorsports, Inc.  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 5. The goal of the F-Score is to help locate companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p1
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc. Announces Agreement to Sell Nashville Superspeedway to ... Business Wire  - Aug 25, 2016 DOVER, Del.----Dover Motorsports, Inc.  announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Nashville Superspeedway facility to an entity owned by Panattoni Development Company, an international&nbsp;...Dover agrees to sell Nashville track to real estate company - WSMV Channel 4 - WSMV NashvilleDistribution park planned for Nashville Superspeedway site - The Tennessean'
p2
aS"Dover Motorsports: A Special Situation With A Catalyst Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2017 Dover Motorsports  common stock is a special situation investment with a near-term catalyst. There is a long backstory to Dover, some of which can be found in one of my prior PRO articles, but today's long case will be fairly succinct ..."
p3
aS"Dover Motorsports Still Has Value - And No Movement Toward Realizing It Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 There's probably a way to drive some value out of DVD, most notably through a sale to NASCAR's two larger players. But controlled ownership, DVD's entanglement with sibling Dover Downs Entertainment, and questions about Dover's long-term viability on&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Decision Time: Dover Motorsports Inc  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - Apr 15, 2017 Decision Time: Dover Motorsports Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p5
aS'Trading Review: Technical Survey on Shares of Dover Motorsports Inc  Rives Journal - Mar 16, 2017 Tracking moving averages is one of the most universally used techniques for performing technical stock analysis. Checking on some levels for Dover Motorsports Inc , the 50-day Moving Average is currently 2.19, the 200-day Moving Average is 2.27,&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Downgraded to C+ at TheStreet The Cerbat Gem - Apr 12, 2017 Dover Motorsports, Inc.  was downgraded by equities research analysts at TheStreet from a b rating to a c+ rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday.TheStreet Lowers Dover Motorsports, Inc.  to C+ - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'Boom or Bust? Is there any value in Dover Motorsports, Inc. ? Morgan Research - 18 hours ago Keen investors are consistently searching for true bargains in the stock market. Finding these stocks can make the difference between a winning or losing portfolio.'
p8
aS'Market Center: Watching the Levels for Dover Motorsports, Inc.  BVN - Mar 31, 2017 Investors may be checking on some financial ratios for Dover Motorsports, Inc. . Currently, the company has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.232242.'
p9
aS'Dover Motorsports, Inc.  Downgraded to Hold at TheStreet Sports Perspectives - Mar 21, 2017 Dover Motorsports logo Dover Motorsports, Inc.  was downgraded by analysts at TheStreet to a hold rating in a report released on Tuesday.'
p10
a.