(lp0
S'Erickson Inc. Plan of Reorganization Confirmed by Bankruptcy Court GlobeNewswire  - Mar 22, 2017 PORTLAND, Ore., March 21, 2017  -- Erickson Incorporated  today completed another important step toward its emergence from bankruptcy when its Chapter 11 plan of reorganization was confirmed by the United&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Mystery silence at Erickson Inc. ends with bankruptcy filing OregonLive.com - Nov 9, 2016 Company officials said the value of Erickson's existing stock depends on the reorganization plan approved by the court.Erickson Inc. files for bankruptcy - KOIN.comHelicopter Operator Erickson Files for Bankruptcy - Wall Street Journal"
p2
aS"Erickson Inc - The Fall And New Potential Seeking Alpha - Oct 9, 2015 Erickson's eighty-four unit fleet consists of fifteen types/capabilities of rotor and fixed-wing aircraft. What began as a logging business in 1971, expanded into construction and firefighting."
p3
aS'Erickson Inc. opens DIP purchase option to Second Priority Note Holders GlobeNewswire  - Dec 8, 2016 PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 08, 2016  -- Erickson Incorporated  , a leading global provider of aviation services, today announced the commencement of a process to syndicate participation in a&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Struggling aviation services firm Erickson Inc. hires investment banker Portland Business Journal  - Jun 9, 2016 Erickson Inc. on Thursday said it has hired investment bank Imperial Capital LLC to explore strategic alternatives, a phrase that can mean a company is for sale.Erickson Engages Imperial Capital - GlobeNewswire '
p5
aS"Erickson Inc. Receives Final Court Approval of DIP Financing Facility GlobeNewswire  - Dec 1, 2016 PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 01, 2016  -- Erickson Incorporated  , a leading global provider of aviation services, today announced that on December 1, 2016, less than thirty days after granting Erickson's&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Cash-poor Erickson admits debt default a possibility OregonLive.com - Aug 17, 2016 After another disappointing quarter of declining sales and big losses, Portland helicopter company Erickson Inc. doesn't have enough money to pay its bills."
p7
aS'After two-year slump, Erickson considers restructuring options OregonLive.com - Jun 10, 2016 Erickson Inc., famed for its heavy-lift helicopters, is considering various restructuring options, it acknowledged Thursday.'
p8
aS'Erickson Inc  Stock Doubles on Navy Deals Schaeffers Research  - Jun 7, 2016 Aviation services stock Erickson Inc  has more than doubled in value today, last seen 143.6% higher at $1.34, after the company won two contracts with the U.S.Erickson Announces Award of Two Contracts with the United States Navy Military ... - GlobeNewswire Erickson  Stock Soars on US Navy Contracts - TheStreet.com'
p9
aS"Judge approves Erickson Inc.'s bankruptcy plan Statesman Journal - Mar 23, 2017 MEDFORD, Ore.  - A struggling Portland aviation company is one step closer to emerging from bankruptcy. The Mail Tribune reports that a U.S.Bankruptcy court signs off on Erickson's reorganization plan - OregonLive.com"
p10
a.