(lp0
S'The Brinker International, Inc.  Price Target Cut to $54.00 Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 EAT has been the topic of several other research reports. Sanford C. Bernstein restated a market perform rating and set a $54.00 target price on shares of Brinker International in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. BMO Capital Markets cut&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Stocks: The Brokerages Set Brinker International, Inc.  Target Price at ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 7, 2017 Several brokerages have recently issued reports on EAT. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a market perform rating and issued a $54.00 price target on shares of Brinker International in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Stocks: The Brinker International, Inc.  Shares Bought by Rhumbline Advisers Petro Global News 24 - Jan 8, 2017 A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in EAT. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Brinker International by 59.4% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,402 ...'
p3
aS"Brinker Is A Likely Buyout After JAB Nabs Panera Seeking Alpha - Apr 6, 2017 And, two names in particular come to mind... Dunkin' Brands Group  and Brinker International . ... The apparent problems the industry seems to be facing are actually company-specific. Consumer spending data from the Census&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Brinker CFO Tom Edwards resigns Nation's Restaurant News - Apr 4, 2017 Brinker International Inc. chief financial officer Tom Edwards has resigned, effective April 7, and accepted a role outside the restaurant industry, the company said Tuesday.Brinker International Announces Chief Financial Officer Resignation - Yahoo FinanceBrinker International Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 05 - Equities.com"
p5
aS"Brinker International Has More Downside Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2017 I've been loudly and aggressively bearish on U.S. brick-and-mortar retail  the last few years, for a number of reasons.Chili's president discusses company restructuring - Nation's Restaurant News"
p6
aS"Brinker International: Good Value At This Price Seeking Alpha - Mar 28, 2017 It's with that in mind that I'd like to talk about Brinker International . The company has had some operational challenges, and as a result the shares are down about 7% over the past year.Brinker International, Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - The Cerbat GemNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Brinker International, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p7
aS'Brinker International: Will Support At $42 Hold? Seeking Alpha - Feb 6, 2017 Brinker International  has been struggling for some time now to maintain its revenue base. Weak traffic across the industry has put many restaurant chains in a similar spot but Brinker seems to be suffering a bit more than others.'
p8
aS"Brinker International Names Steve Provost Chief Marketing And Innovation ... PR Newswire  - Mar 22, 2017 DALLAS, March 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brinker International, Inc. , today announced Steve Provost has been named executive vice president and chief marketing and innovation officer of Chili's Grill &amp; Bar.BRINKER INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveMorgan Stanley Downgrades the shares of Brinker International, Inc.  to ... - HugoPress"
p9
aS"Brinker International Moving HQ to Cypress Waters Development D Magazine - Feb 27, 2017 Brinker International Inc. will be moving its headquarters to Cypress Waters, the 1,000-acre Billingsley Co. development that includes office, multifamily, and retail space.It's done: Brinker International inks deal for headquarters move to Cypress Waters - Dallas Business Journal"
p10
a.