(lp0
S"Insider Trading Activity Consolidated Edison, Inc.   Chairman Bought ... Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago John Mcavoy , Chairman of Consolidated Edison, Inc.  reportedly Bought 27 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 78.71 for a total transaction amount of $2,125.17 SEC Form."
p1
aS'Con Edison Program Paying Rewards for Smart Electric Vehicle Charging Marketwired  - 18 hours ago NEW YORK, NY-- - Owners of electric vehicles in New York City and Westchester County can earn e-gift card rewards and get valuable information about their charging habits by participating in a new Con Edison program.An electric utility will pay EV owners 5 cent per kWh of charging during off ... - Electrek'
p2
aS'Brokerages Anticipate Consolidated Edison, Inc Normangee Star - Apr 17, 2017 NA raised its position in shares of Consolidated Edison, Inc. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock.Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Consolidated Edison, Inc.  to Post $1.22 ... - BNB Daily '
p3
aS"Who gained the most today? Consolidated Edison, Inc. : ED The News Journal - 12 hours ago Consolidated Edison, Inc.'s P/B is valued at 1.67 exhibiting the investor sentiment on the value of the stock to its actual value.Consolidated Edison, Inc.  Shares Bought by Peoples Financial Services CORP. - Markets DailyConsolidated Edison  Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds - Sports Perspectives"
p4
aS'Consolidated Edison Inc Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - Mar 24, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Consolidated Edison Inc  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF.'
p5
aS'Looking Mainly At Fundamentals: Consolidated Edison, Inc. , Summit ... USA Commerce Daily - 18 hours ago Shares of Consolidated Edison, Inc.  observed rebound of 15.99% since bottoming out at $68.76 on Nov. 14, 2016.'
p6
aS"Consolidated Edison, Inc. : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - Mar 29, 2017 Consolidated Edison, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Utilities space, with a focus on Electric Utilities. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $78.53, down from yesterday's close by -0.03%."
p7
aS'The Charts For Consolidated Edison, Inc.  Is Attracting Massive Attention NY Stock News - Apr 4, 2017 The technicals for Consolidated Edison, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p8
aS"Consolidated Edison, Inc.  Con Edison Solutions Awarded Energy ... InvestorIdeas.com  - Apr 3, 2017 VALHALLA, NY - April 3, 2017  ConEdison Solutions , one of America's leading energy services companies, has signed an energy savings performance contract  with the United States Department of Labor for&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Consolidated Edison  Up 2.7% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Consolidated Edison Inc. ED. Shares have added about 2.7% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Ratings Analysis of: Consolidated Edison, Inc.  - StandardOracle79 hedge funds buy Consolidated Edison, Inc.  for the first time - Post Analyst'
p10
a.