(lp0
S'Algonquin Power to Buy Empire District for $1.49 Billion Bloomberg - Feb 9, 2016 Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. agreed to acquire The Empire District Electric Co. for $1.49 billion, in the second purchase of a U.S.Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. to Acquire The Empire District Electric ... - Business Wire Empire District Electric agrees to be acquired by Canadian company for $2.4 ... - Springfield News-Leader'
p1
aS'Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. and The Empire District Electric Company ... PR Newswire  - Sep 8, 2016 OAKVILLE, ON and JOPLIN, MO, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ - Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp.   and The Empire District Electric Company   announced today updates with respect to the required regulatory&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'State Street Corp Purchases 42005 Shares of Empire District Electric Co  Sports Perspectives - 5 hours ago Empire District Electric logo State Street Corp increased its position in Empire District Electric Co  by 5.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Reduces Position in Empire District ... - Community Financial NewsThe Empire District Electric Co  Shares Bought by New York State Common ... - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Midwestern Utility Empire District Electric Said to Explore Sale Bloomberg - Dec 11, 2015 Empire District Electric Co., a utility that supplies energy across the Midwestern U.S., is exploring a sale, according to people familiar with the matter.US power producer Empire District Electric to explore sale: Bloomberg - Reuters'
p4
aS'The Empire District Electric Company Sets Payment Date and Amount of Special ... Business Wire  - Jan 1, 2017 JOPLIN, Mo.----Pursuant to the closing today of the merger of The Empire District Electric Company  with Liberty Sub Corp.Acquisition and merger of Empire District Electric Company complete - Four States Homepage'
p5
aS'Empire District Electric Company announces retirement of Marsha Wallace Springfield News-Leader - Oct 23, 2016 Marsha Wallace retired from the Empire District Electric Company on Sept. 30 following 36 years of service. Wallace joined the company in 1980 as a systems administrator.'
p6
aS'Liberty Utilities completes acquisition of The Empire District Electric Co. Bolivar Herald-Free Press  - Jan 5, 2017 Based in Joplin, Empire is an investor-owned, regulated utility providing electric, natural gas  and water service, with around 218,000 customers in Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Arkansas.Empire Gas acquired by Liberty Utilities - Maryville Daily ForumWhy This Utility Is Attractive Today for Growth and Income - The Motley Fool Canada'
p7
aS'Algonquin Power &amp; Utilities Corp. to buy Empire District Electric Co. for $2.4 ... Electric Light & Power - Feb 10, 2016 Until such time as the acquisition closes, Empire expects to pay its regular quarterly dividends at the annualized rate .'
p8
aS'Empire District Electric Company launches live video feed of osprey Cedar County Republican  - Apr 7, 2017 Empire District Electric Company and Mid-Central Contractors invite you to celebrate the return of osprey to Stockton Lake.'
p9
aS"Merger Agreement Sends Empire District Electric Co's Stock Soaring Motley Fool - Feb 10, 2016 So what: Empire District Electric has agreed to be acquired in an all-cash deal for $34 per share, valuing the company at $2.4 billion. That purchase price represents a 21% premium to the company's closing price on Monday and is 50% above its closing ..."
p10
a.