(lp0
S"Ecology &amp; Environment  Encourages Shareholders to Reject the Mill Road ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 6, 2017 Ecology and Environment, Inc.   issued the following statement in advance of the election of directors to E &amp; E's Board of Directors  at the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the &quot;Annual&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Ecology and Environment, Inc. JV Selected by Environmental Protection Agency ... Marketwired  - Apr 11, 2017 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.  , in a joint venture  with Black &amp; Veatch, has been selected for a Remedial Acquisition Framework  Design and Engineering Services &nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Ecology and Environment, Inc. to Provide Support for Small Business Component ... Marketwired  - Apr 12, 2017 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.   has been notified that HydroGeoLogic, Inc.  was selected by the Environmental Protection Agency  for a Remedial Acquisition Framework&nbsp;...Ecology &amp; Environment, Inc.  selected for RAF Design and DES Contract - Benchmark MonitorAnalysts See $0.00 EPS for MBAC Fertilizer , Ecology &amp; Environment (EEI ... - High Point Observer'
p3
aS"Ecology and Environment Encourages Shareholders to Reject the Mill Road ... Marketwired  - Apr 6, 2017 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.   issued the following statement in advance of the election of directors to E &amp; E's Board of Directors  at the Company's&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Ecology and Environment, Inc. Urges Shareholders to Elect Its Highly Qualified ... Marketwired  - Mar 15, 2017 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.   today announced it has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  its definitive proxy materials in connection&nbsp;...Ecology and Environment, Inc. Reports Higher Net Income for First Half of ... - Digital Journal'
p5
aS"Ecology And Environment, Inc. Sends Letter to Shareholders Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.   today announced that the Company's Board of Directors  is sending a letter to shareholders in connection with the&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Ecology And Environment Proxy Fight Good For All Shareholders - Even Those ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2017 I used to be CEO of Ecology and Environment . For Seeking Alpha readers, I will try to be as objective as possible in laying out the facts for you to the best of my knowledge.'
p7
aS"Ecology and Environment, Inc. Urges Shareholders to Vote for the Election of E ... Marketwired  - Apr 10, 2017 LANCASTER, NY-- - Ecology and Environment, Inc.   today encouraged all E &amp; E shareholders to vote on the WHITE proxy card &quot;FOR&quot; the election of the Company's two Class A director&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"BRIEF-Ecology and Environment says board is sending a letter to shareholders ... Reuters - Mar 27, 2017 BRIEF-Ecology and Environment says board is sending a letter to shareholders in connection with co's 2017 annual meeting of shareholders."
p9
aS'Investor Gauge: Looking at the Levels for Ecology &amp; Environment, Inc.  BVN - 17 hours ago Looking at shares of Ecology &amp; Environment, Inc. , the company presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.782651.'
p10
a.