(lp0
S'Endologix, Inc. to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 4, 2017 Stockhouse - 14 hours ago Endologix, Inc. , a developer and marketer of innovative treatments for aortic disorders, today announced that it will report financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 after the market close on Thursday, May 4, 2017.Endologix Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 17 - Equities.comEndologix, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'The Reason Why Endologix, Inc. Is Jumping 10% Today Motley Fool - Jan 25, 2017 Endologix voluntarily stopped shipments of its AFX systems in late December to study the problem, but it was able to begin reshipping devices within days after testing them to insure their safety.Endologix Announces Reinstatement of CE Mark for AFX and AFX2 Endovascular ... - GlobeNewswire Endologix  Receives Notice of Reinstatement of CE Mark for AFX and AFX2 ... - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS"Why Endologix, Inc. Is Crashing 21.3% Today Motley Fool - Nov 16, 2016 Endologix was hoping that the FDA would weigh in this year with an approval of Nellix, the company's endovascular aneurysm sealing  system for infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysms.Endologix Provides Update on Nellix PMA Process - GlobeNewswire "
p3
aS"Why Endologix, Inc. Is Rallying 13.3% Today Motley Fool - Dec 29, 2016 Endologix got disappointing news earlier this year when the FDA told management they wanted to see two-year data before approving Nellix, the company's endovascular aneurysm sealing system for infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysms.Endologix shares slide 24% as medical-device maker halts shipments of top product - MarketWatchEndologix Announces Temporary Hold on AFX to Resolve a Manufacturing Issue - GlobeNewswire "
p4
aS'Why Endologix, Inc. Stock Gained 20% in January Motley Fool - Feb 7, 2017 Shares of Endologix, Inc. , a medical device company focused on aortic disorders, gained 19.9% in January, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p5
aS'Why Endologix, Inc. Is Down 13% Today Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 What: Despite reporting better-than-expected second-quarter sales, shares in Endologix, Inc.  tumbled 13% today on worries that a key FDA approval might get delayed.Why Endologix  Stock Is Tumbling Today - TheStreet.comEndologix: Nellix May Need FDA Advisory Panel Meeting - Medical Device and Diagnostics Industry'
p6
aS'Endologix, Inc. to Present at the Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 13, 2017 Endologix, Inc. , a developer and marketer of innovative treatments for aortic disorders, today announced that John McDermott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference at 8:35 a.m. ET&nbsp;...Hot Stock under Consideration: Endologix Inc.  - StandardOracle'
p7
aS'Endologix Inc.  Plunges 6.32% on March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 Endologix Inc.  had a rough trading day for Tuesday March 21 as shares tumbled 6.32%, or a loss of $-0.45 per share, to close at $6.67.Top Institutional Investors That Own Endologix, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p8
aS'Endologix, Inc. Announces Enrollment of First Patients in ELEVATE IDE Clinical ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 31, 2017 Endologix, Inc. , a developer and marketer of innovative treatments for aortic disorders, announced today that the first patients were treated in the Expanding Patient Applicability with Polymer Sealing Ovation Alto Stent Graft  IDE ...'
p9
aS"Endologix's Shareholders Overreact To FDA Additional Data Request Seeking Alpha - Nov 18, 2016 Aortic medical device maker Endologix  recently announced that it has received notice from the U.S. FDA that it wants two years of patient follow-up data pertaining to ELGX's Nellix AAA  EVAS system, which is&nbsp;...Endologix, Inc.  Shares Beaten Down As FDA Wants More Data - Scibility MediaAnalyst Views and Recommendations: Endologix, Inc.  - Post Registrar"
p10
a.