(lp0
S'The Ameriprise Financial Inc. Acquires 20714 Shares of Ellie Mae Inc  Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Ellie Mae by 13.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Ellie Mae Announces HMDA Readiness Initiatives Business Wire  - 13 hours ago PLEASANTON, Calif.----Ellie Mae , a leading provider of innovative on-demand software solutions and services for the residential mortgage industry, announced today a complete offering of readiness initiatives in advance of&nbsp;...Ellie Mae Inc  Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. - Markets DailyStock Returns: Ansys Inc  versus Ellie Mae Inc  - CML News'
p2
aS"Why Ellie Mae Inc Stock Fell 8.6% Today Motley Fool - Nov 14, 2016 Ellie Mae's short-term business prospects are inextricably linked to interest rates. In the last week, mortgage rates have surged, and Ellie Mae's share price has declined four trading days in a row. MortgageNewsDaily.com reports that interest rates on ..."
p3
aS"Consensus Take: Ellie Mae, Inc.  Earnings &amp; Ratings Watch Aiken Advocate - 21 hours ago Investors and analysts will be looking ahead to Ellie Mae, Inc. 's next earnings report which is slated to be released sometime on or around 2017-04-27 for the period ending on 2017-03-31."
p4
aS'John Abel Joins Ellie Mae as Chief Information Officer Business Wire  - Feb 7, 2017 PLEASANTON, Calif.----Ellie Mae , a leading provider of innovative on-demand software solutions and services for the residential mortgage industry, today announced that John Abel has joined the company as senior vice&nbsp;...Ellie Mae  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaEllie Mae Launches New Version of Encompass All-in-One Mortgage Management ... - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"5 Reasons To Buy Ellie Mae Seeking Alpha - Aug 1, 2016 Ellie Mae has multiple things going for it as they're the de-facto mortgage process solution. The company once again produced stellar results surpassing expectations and raising guidance.Ellie Mae, Inc. Announces Launch of Follow-on Offering - Business Wire "
p6
aS"Ellie Mae Remains A Good Company That's Terrifically Valued Seeking Alpha - Feb 13, 2017 Shares of Ellie Mae sold off after the Trump victory as people feared higher mortgage rates would cut their growth. But the company has demonstrated before that they can grow even with headwinds from the market, so the worries were overblown.Informative Research Integrates Its SoftQual With Ellie Mae's Encompass - National Mortgage Professional Magazine"
p7
aS'Ellie Mae Announces 2017 Hall of Fame Award Finalists Business Wire  - Jan 10, 2017 PLEASANTON, Calif.----Ellie Mae , a leading provider of innovative on-demand software solutions and services for the residential mortgage industry, today announced the finalists for the 2017 Ellie Mae Hall of Fame awards,&nbsp;...Press Release Ellie Mae Selects DataVerify Risk Mitigation System for Its ... - National Mortgage News'
p8
aS'Ellie Mae Inducts Ten Companies Into Ellie Mae Hall of Fame Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 PLEASANTON, Calif.----Ellie Mae , a leading provider of innovative on-demand software solutions and services for the residential mortgage industry, today inducted ten companies into the Ellie Mae Hall of Fame, an honor&nbsp;...Ellie Mae Announces Encompass Consumer Connect - Yahoo FinanceForward Earnings Estimate on Ellie Mae, Inc. - Money Flow Index & Trends'
p9
aS'Ellie Mae Inc.: Ellie Mae to Report First Quarter 2017 Results on April 27, 2017 The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 12, 2017 BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 12, 2017-- Ellie Mae , a leading provider of innovative on-demand software solutions and services for the residential mortgage industry, today announced that it will release financial results for the first quarter 2017 ...Ellie Mae Inc  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research - Sports PerspectivesEllie Mae Inc  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold - Markets Daily'
p10
a.