(lp0
S"Bottomline Technologies Faces Significant Competition, Overvalued Stock Price Forbes - Jan 27, 2017 There's no denying that the future of technology rests in the cloud. However, red flags appear when a firm sacrifices profitability to join the cloud and transitions to a business model with negative margins."
p1
aS"Bottomline Technologies Set to Power Real-time Credit Transfers for European Banks GlobeNewswire  - Feb 8, 2017 LONDON, Feb. 08, 2017  -- Bottomline Technologies , a leading provider of technology solutions to help businesses pay and get paid, has been named as a Front Runner Provider by EBA Clearing for the pan-European&nbsp;...Bottomline secures 'front runner' status for EBA instant payment scheme - Finextra"
p2
aS"Bottomline Technologies integrates Authentic, NCR's intelligent transaction ... EPR Retail News  - Feb 7, 2017 Bottomline Technologies decided to build its FPS using its own payment technology linked to Authentic to implement a real-time, future-proof solution that will be scalable as demand grows, complementing the company's growing range of services for SWIFT ...Why Faster Payments Need Flexible Technologies - PYMNTS.com"
p3
aS"Bottomline Technologies   Non-GAAP Metrics Mask Economic Reality ValueWalk - Jan 16, 2017 Since 2011, Bottomline Technologies' after-tax profit  has declined by 21% compounded annually to $3 million in 2016 and -$2 million over the last twelve months ."
p4
aS"NCR and Bottomline joins forces for Faster Payments Finextra - Feb 3, 2017 NCR Corporation , a global leader in omni-channel solutions, today announced that Bottomline Technologies  has integrated Authentic, NCR's intelligent transaction processing platform into its Direct Faster Payment Service  solution.Bottomline Technologies'  CEO Rob Eberle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"What's Happening To These Stocks? - Bottomline Technologies , Inc. (EPAY ... Post Analyst - 14 hours ago Bottomline Technologies , Inc.  has made its way to a 12-month decline of -28.58%. Turning to CalAmp Corp. , its shares were trading at $15.72 a retreat of $-0.07, on the trading floor.Bottomline Technologies  Cut to &quot;Sell&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS'Ffrees, Wirecard, GPS and Bottomline Technologies team up for U Account Banking Technology - Nov 8, 2016 The account is supported by Wirecard, Global Processing Services  and payments software vendor Bottomline Technologies. For Wirecard and GPS, this is the first foray into agency banking, whereby cardholders can make use of additional payment&nbsp;...FFF Ltd Collaborates With Wirecard, GPS and Bottomline Technologies to Deliver ... - Yahoo Finance'
p7
aS"Why Bottomline Technologies Stock Is Down Today Motley Fool - Apr 29, 2016 What: Shares of Bottomline Technologies  dropped as much as 27.6% early Friday, and traded down 20.5% as of 2:00 p.m.Bottomline Technologies  Reports Q3 Loss - Economic CalendarBottomline Technologies'  CEO Robert Eberle on Q3 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'Bottomline unveils universal aggregator for payments Banking Technology - Jun 30, 2016 Bottomline Technologies has launched its Universal Aggregator for payments and the accreditation of its Faster Payment processing capability.'
p9
aS'Bottomline launches universal payments system aggregator Finextra - Jun 29, 2016 Bottomline Technologies , a leading provider of cloud-based payment, invoice and digital banking solutions, has today announced the launch of Bottomline Universal Aggregator and the accreditation of its Faster Payment processing&nbsp;...'
p10
a.