(lp0
S'Epiq Systems Agrees to $627 Million Buyout Wall Street Journal - Jul 27, 2016 Legal software company Epiq Systems Inc. has agreed to be taken private in a $627 million buyout deal, ending months of merger speculation.Embattled Epiq Systems agrees to $1 billion buyout and merger with rival DTI - Kansas City StarOMERS Private Equity, Harvest Partners to Acquire EPIQ Systems  in ~$1B Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS'Epiq Systems Rejected $1.1 Billion Buyout Offer From P2 Bloomberg - Sep 22, 2014 Epiq Systems Inc., the provider of legal software for electronic discovery in bankruptcy and class action cases, rejected a $20-a-share takeover offer from its now largest shareholder P2 Capital Partners LLC.Why EPIQ Systems  Stock Is Gaining Today - TheStreet.comP2 Capital Partners Surges Stake in EPIQ Systems, Inc.  Sending Stock ... - Insider Monkey '
p2
aS"Epiq Systems loss grows in second quarter as buyout advances Kansas City Star - Aug 10, 2016 Kansas City, Kan.-based Epiq Systems Inc. reported a larger loss in its second quarter and continued work to complete its sale to a rival's owner in a $1 billion transaction."
p3
aS"Epiq Systems battle moves to courthouse Kansas City Star - Dec 14, 2015 A New Orleans-based investor group has sued Kansas City, Kan.-based Epiq Systems Inc. amid a battle for control of the company's board of directors.Investor Hits eDiscovery Firm with Lawsuit - Bloomberg Big Law Business"
p4
aS'DTI Completes Acquisition of EPIQ Systems  StreetInsider.com - Sep 30, 2016 DTI and Epiq Systems, Inc. today announced the successful completion of the acquisition of Epiq  by OMERS Private Equity and Harvest Partners.'
p5
aS'Epiq Systems: A New Bid May Be Close Seeking Alpha  - Feb 7, 2015 Epiq Systems, Inc.   offers software solutions for lawyers in the U.S. and all over the world.'
p6
aS"Epiq Systems'  CEO Tom Olofson on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Aug 9, 2016 With me today to lead the discussion and address your questions are EPIQ Systems' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Olofson; President and Chief Operating Officer, Brad Scott; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, KJ Tjon ..."
p7
aS"Epiq Systems in renewed discussions to sell itself: sources Reuters - Feb 20, 2016 Epiq Systems Inc EPIQ.O is in new talks to sell itself, as a drop in the value of the U.S. legal software company's shares has made it attractive to potential buyers, according to people familiar with the matter."
p8
aS'Former Epiq Systems CEO Olofson dies Kansas City Business Journal - Apr 13, 2017 Olofson led a private investor group that acquired the Kansas City, Kan., business that would become Epiq in 1988. At the time, the company had an enterprise value of about $3 million, was doing about $4 million in revenue and had about 30 employees.'
p9
aS"Epiq Systems shareholder to challenge for board control Kansas City Star - Dec 7, 2015 A New Orleans investor group has broken its negotiated peace with Kansas City, Kan.-based Epiq Systems Inc., setting up a potential battle at the company's next shareholders meeting.Epiq shakeup on the way? Activist seeks to elect majority to board - Kansas City Business Journal"
p10
a.