(lp0
S"Osisko Corporate Update Stockhouse - Mar 29, 2017 The Board, recognizing Mr. Goodman's leadership in the Canadian mining industry and his position as a founding Chairman of the Corporation, has asked Mr. Goodman to remain as Chairman Emeritus of the Corporation, and he has graciously accepted."
p1
aS'Statements by Daryl Brewster, CEO, CECP and Peter Malkin, Chairman Emeritus ... 3BL Media  - Mar 22, 2017 David Rockefeller was tapped in the early days of CECP by Peter Malkin and Paul Newman to lend business acumen to the effort to increase the level and quality of corporate societal engagement. His name easily came to mind when Peter Malkin thought&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Right on: Everett takes on OxyContin makers The Seattle Times - Mar 26, 2017 Purdue Pharma is based on a new legal theory that - if it is successful - other cities should consider. The federal lawsuit alleges the corporation was willfully blind to pill mills that pumped the potent narcotic straight into the black market ...'
p3
aS'Taipan and ex-ambassador Alfonso Yuchengco dies at 94 CNN Philippines - 22 hours ago He then put up the Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation or RCBC in 1960, becoming its chairman from 1963 to 1995. Yuchengco was also chairman emeritus of RCBC since Aug. 30, 2016. Yuchengco was chairman and chief executive officer of Pan&nbsp;...Tycoon and diplomat Alfonso T. Yuchengco passes away - Manila Bulletin'
p4
aS'Memorial Service for Edward Bauman April 28 Guilford College News - Mar 24, 2017 The former president, CEO and board chair of a leading Greensboro-based jeans and apparel manufacturer, Ed joined the Board of Trustees in 1988 and was an active member until 2007, when he was honored with emeritus status. ... After the merger of Blue ...'
p5
aS'The Entire GHOST Lawsuit Document Leaks, More Info On Why Former Nameless ... Metal Injection.net - Apr 7, 2017 The idea was, according to TF, the Swedish Drama Pop AB would continue to be his company, but that it would have the same function as a jointly-owned corporation. 4.1.19 In connection with the arrangement proposed by TF the partiners would establish a&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'SoFi Expands Board of Directors with Three New Additions LendEDU News - Mar 23, 2017 Before becoming a professor and Dean Emeritus, Robert Joss was CEO of Westpac Banking Corporation, one of the biggest banks in Australia.'
p7
aS"Professor sues Ohio State to force release of energy deal details The Columbus Dispatch - Apr 4, 2017 But Bruce Weide, a professor emeritus of computer science, maintains that the university simply wants to keep it under wraps until the Board of Trustees approves the deal and it's too late for opponents to object."
p8
aS'Vic Richey to present 2017 Hays Watkins Lecture on March 31 WKU News - Mar 24, 2017 ... a military intelligence officer in the U.S. Army. The annual Hays Watkins Visiting CEO Speaker Series is made possible through a generous donation from Bowling Green Business University alum Hays Watkins, who is chairman emeritus of CSX Corporation&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Student group to OU: No more $$ for fossil fuels Athens NEWS - Apr 13, 2017 The HC Capital Trust, according to the SEC filing, has tens of thousands of shares and other investments in Exxon Mobil Corp. spread throughout its individual funds. Other examples of investments in fossil-fuel companies in the HC Capital Trust include ...'
p10
a.