(lp0
S"Exact Sciences Leveraging Coverage Wins And Volume Growth Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2017 Small-cap diagnostics company Exact Sciences  has had quite the run since I last wrote up the company. While I thought the Street was too negative on the prospects for insurance coverage and uptake/usage of the company's Cologuard&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Exact Sciences: Buy Now On Coverage Expansion? Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2017 Shares of Exact Sciences  closed Monday up over 9% following an insurer offering coverage for the company's only marketed product, colorectal screening test Cologuard. The news from Aetna  comes as Exact starts to improve&nbsp;...Exact Sciences to host first-quarter 2017 results webcast and call - PR Newswire Exact Sciences Corporation Posted gains of 2.59% in the Last Trade - Free Observer"
p2
aS"Drilling Down Into Exact Sciences Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Exact Sciences Corporation  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Medical Laboratories &amp; Research.Highly Traded Stock: Exact Sciences Corporation  - HugoPressEXACT Sciences'  &quot;Buy&quot; Rating Reaffirmed at Bank of America Corp - The Cerbat Gem"
p3
aS'CMS includes Cologuard in updated Medicare Advantage Star Ratings PR Newswire  - Apr 4, 2017 MADISON, Wis., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Exact Sciences Corp.  today announced that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services  included Cologuard in its updated Medicare Advantage Star Ratings program. Medicare&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'What is the intrinsic value of Exact Sciences Corporation  Simply Wall St - Mar 27, 2017 In this article I am going to calculate the intrinsic value of Exact Sciences  using a method called discounted cash flow or DCF.'
p5
aS"EXACT Sciences Corporation  Updates On Investor Conference ... StockNewsUnion - Mar 28, 2017 Quick-trigger traders who initiated positions in EXACT Sciences Corporation  earlier in yesterday's trading session on the buzz that it canceled its presentation at upcoming Deutsche Bank's Health Care conference in May are feeling a bit&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Stock Returns: Exact Sciences Corporation  is Beating INSYS ... CML News - Apr 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Exact Sciences Corporation  versus INSYS Therapeutics Inc  .Analyst Observation On 2 Stocks: UR-Energy Inc. , Exact Sciences ... - Post AnalystMarket Mover of Last Trading Session: Exact Sciences Corporation's  - Is stories"
p7
aS"Exact Sciences Explains Conference Scheduling That Sparked Today's Volatility Benzinga - Mar 21, 2017 EXACT Sciences Corporation  shares plummeted 6 percent Tuesday on news that the company had backed out of an early-May Deutsche Bank conference.Featured Stock: Exact Sciences Corporation  - HugoPressEarnings Clues on Exact Sciences Corporation , Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL ... - StockNewsJournal"
p8
aS'Steering Attention Towards Earnings; Analysts Weigh in on EXACT Sciences ... Aiken Advocate - 22 hours ago Analysts and investors will be looking forward to the next earnings release from EXACT Sciences Corporation  which is scheduled to be on or around 2017-04-27 for the period ending 2017-03-31.'
p9
aS"Stock Returns: Exact Sciences Corporation  is Beating Ophthotech ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Exact Sciences Corporation  versus Ophthotech Corporation  .Mover inside Traders Radar: Exact Sciences Corporation's  - Is storiesAnalyst Advice And Earnings Insight: Exact Sciences Corporation (EXAS ... - Post Analyst"
p10
a.