(lp0
S'Why Shares of Extreme Networks Inc. Are Surging Today Motley Fool - Mar 8, 2017 Shares of networking hardware and software provider Extreme Networks  jumped on Wednesday after the company announced that it had agreed to acquire the networking business of Avaya Inc., which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in&nbsp;...Extreme Networks jumps after bidding for Avaya networking business - MarketWatch'
p1
aS"Why Shares of Extreme Networks Are Soaring Today Motley Fool - Mar 30, 2017 This is the second significant deal for Extreme this month, with the company announcing a stalking-horse bid for the bankrupt Avaya Inc.'s networking business on March 8. The Avaya deal, if it goes through, would add another $200 million of annual revenue.Extreme Networks Is The Next Major Networking Player - BenzingaExtreme Networks Inc.  Broke Out To A New High After Acquisition - RTT News"
p2
aS'Allianz Asset Management AG Boosts Position in Extreme Networks, Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Extreme Networks logo Allianz Asset Management AG increased its position in shares of Extreme Networks, Inc  by 142.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Extreme Networks, Inc.  Quarterly growth Review - The Newburgh PressExtreme Networks, Inc  Shares Bought by State Street Corp - Markets Daily'
p3
aS'Extreme Networks Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Apr 8, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Extreme Networks Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.Zacks Provided 1.6 Rating to Extreme Networks Inc.  - The Newburgh PressExtreme Networks, Inc  Receives $7.50 Average Target Price from Analysts - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS'Extreme Networks  Shares March Higher, Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Mar 31, 2017 Extreme Networks, Inc EXTR has been on the move lately as the stock has risen by 18.8% in the past four weeks, and it is currently trading well above its 20-Day SMA.'
p5
aS'If You Lack Direction On Extreme Networks, Inc. , You Need to Read This USA Commerce Daily - 15 hours ago With all other things going on, Extreme Networks, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 32.27 percent in just three months.'
p6
aS"Extreme Networks, Inc  Purchases Broadcom Ltd 's ... Journal Transcript - Apr 4, 2017 Broadcom Ltd  and Extreme Networks, Inc  on Wednesday joined hands on a common course. From the dealing, Extreme was to acquire Brocade Communication Systems' data center routine, switching and analytics&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'An End-of-Day Technical Review: Extreme Networks, Inc. , Tile Shop ... Post Analyst - 15 hours ago Extreme Networks, Inc. has a consensus outperform rating from 5 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 1.08% of shares outstanding.'
p8
aS"Sell-side Consensus Sees Extreme Networks, Inc.  Going Where Near ... Aiken Advocate - 17 hours ago Company earnings numbers are typically highly analyzed by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can provide insight into a company's profitability."
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Ceragon Networks Ltd.  versus Extreme Networks Inc ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Ceragon Networks Ltd.  versus Extreme Networks Inc  .'
p10
a.