(lp0
S"Ford Motor Company's China Sales Absolutely Slumped in March Madison.com - 14 hours ago What in the world is going on with Detroit's two largest automakers in the world's largest automotive market? Roughly half a decade ago, Ford Motor Company  intensified its efforts to gain traction in China, seeing it as a future gold mine. It ...Big Sales Growth Sets Up a Strong Quarter for Ford in Europe - Bloomington Pantagraph"
p1
aS'Ford Is About To Get Ugly Seeking Alpha - 17 hours ago One of the most important aspects of trading and investing is solid risk management. This includes admitting that you are wrong or might end up being wrong.'
p2
aS'3 Reasons Ford Motor Company  Stock Is Still a Lemon Investorplace.com - 18 hours ago The shares of Ford Motor Company  have gotten off to a inauspicious start this year, down about 7%. Unfortunately, this kind of performance has been the norm for some time.Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Ford Motor Company  to Strong Sell - The Cerbat GemJefferies Upgrade its coverage for Ford Motor Co.  - StandardOracle'
p3
aS'Is Ford Motor Company Gearing Up to Compete With Uber? Motley Fool - Apr 9, 2017 Ford Motor Company  has said that it will begin mass-producing a self-driving vehicle for ride-hailing and car-sharing use by 2021.Ford Motor Company  Stock Is a Big-Yielding Value Trap - Investorplace.comFord Motor Company Declares Dividend for Second Quarter 2017 - Yahoo Finance'
p4
aS"Fissures At Ford Credit Seeking Alpha - Apr 16, 2017 Ford's captive finance arm is an important piece of the business so we will take a look at the numbers. Rising delinquencies, severities, and a poor used car and auction market is putting pressure on the company. Ford Credit, and thereby Ford Motor ..."
p5
aS"Ford: Crashing In China Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 Ford Motor  managed to sell around 250k vehicles in the first three months of 2016 in China. ... Weakening sales in China are the result of company-specific factors that may leave the automaker permanently gimped in that lucrative market.Details of Ford Motor Company Briefing on 2017 First Quarter Results - Yahoo FinanceFord China sales slide in March, GM's grow - The Detroit News"
p6
aS"Ford Will Rebound Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 Navigant Research recently released a report looking at the top 18 companies currently developing automated driving systems and named Ford as the leader among the pack, ahead of the likes of General Motors  and Tesla. The report stated F&nbsp;...Tesla Just Passed GM to Become America's Most Valuable Carmaker - Bloomberg"
p7
aS'Ford Motor Co. admits to lemon law violations in Marion County Indianapolis Star - Mar 27, 2017 After taking it to the shop for repairs 16 times, filing complaints with the Better Business Bureau and Indiana Attorney General, then trying to unsuccessfully send it back to the manufacturer, the Indiana man filed a lawsuit against Ford Motor Co., in ...'
p8
aS'Ford Motor: How Low Can It Go? Seeking Alpha - Apr 8, 2017 Ford Motor  is not in an enviable position. The auto company reported sliding vehicle sales for the month of February that ticked investors off.'
p9
aS"Ford Motor Company revving up STEAM education initiatives WXYZ - Apr 13, 2017 DETROIT  - It's no secret that STEAM education  is essential when it comes to growing future innovators."
p10
a.