(lp0
S'Activist investor eyes local lender Nashville Business Journal - Mar 27, 2017 A New York-based firm with a history of being an activist investor has upped its stake in First Advantage Bancorp. Nashville Post reports that affiliates of Stilwell Group now have a 5.2 percent stake in the Clarksville-based bank.'
p1
aS'First Advantage Bank opens second Franklin location Clarksville Now - Sep 27, 2016 First Advantage Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of First Advantage Bancorp, which is traded on OTC QX under the symbol FABK.'
p2
aS'Activist takes stake in community bank Nashville Post  - Mar 24, 2017 A New York investment firm with a long track record of poking and prodding bank executives and directors has built its stake in First Advantage Bancorp to more than 5 percent and signaled that it plans to begin asserting shareholder rights. Various ...'
p3
aS'Avenue exec moves to First Advantage Nashville Post  - May 6, 2016 First Advantage Bank has recruited a former Avenue Bank executive to lead its credit operations. Richard Bynum joins Clarksville-based First Advantage, which runs six branches and a lending office in the region and has about $500 million in assets,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'First Advantage Bank Begins Using New Name, Unveils New Look Clarksville Online - Nov 6, 2011 With deep roots in commercial and mortgage lending, First Advantage Bank is a trusted financial partner for businesses, individuals and families.'
p5
aS'First Advantage Bank Opens Franklin Tennessee Location Clarksville Online - Jun 20, 2013 First Advantage Bank is a trusted financial partner for businesses, individuals and families. First Advantage Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of First Advantage Bancorp , is an Equal Housing Lender and Member FDIC. For more information visit&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Going Private Confuses Bank's Shareholders CFO Magazine - May 14, 2013 First Advantage Bancorp recently announced it was doing just that and the announcement produced investor confusion and some negative reaction."
p7
aS"First Advantage Bank brings in Christy Caudill to it's Executive Team Clarksville Online - Jan 6, 2015 First Advantage Bank Clarksville, TN - First Advantage Bank announced that Christy Caudill has joined its leadership team as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer."
p8
aS"Clarksville's First Advantage Bank donates iPads to PIE Partner Barksdale ... Clarksville Online - Aug 19, 2014 Barksdale strives to provide the best education to its students and we are very grateful for First Advantage Bank's generous donation."
p9
aS"On the Move: 29 November 2016 Nashville Post  - Nov 29, 2016 First Advantage Bank's Cole Norris has been named manager of the bank's new full-service location in Cool Springs at 101 International Drive off Carothers Parkway."
p10
a.