(lp0
S'Viper Energy Partners LP, a Subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc., Announces ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 29, 2017 MIDLAND, Texas, March 29, 2017  -- Travis Stice, Chief Executive Officer of Viper Energy Partners LP  , a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc.  ,&nbsp;...VIPER ENERGY PARTNERS LP  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Trade of the Day: Diamondback Energy Inc  Stock Still Standing Strong Investorplace.com - Apr 13, 2017 Diamondback Energy Inc  - This independent exploration and production company is centered primarily in the Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico.Diamondback Energy Inc  Position Maintained by Texas Capital Bancshares ... - The Cerbat GemExxon, Diamondback Energy, Weatherford Downgraded - Schaeffers Research '
p2
aS"Zacks Investment Research Lowers Diamondback Energy Inc  to Hold The Cerbat Gem - 6 hours ago Diamondback Energy logo Diamondback Energy Inc  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Monday.Analysts mean rating score stands at 2.00 while Diamondback Energy, Inc.'s ... - Hot Stocks PointDiamondback Energy, Inc.  Technicals Are Painting A Bleak Picture - USA Commerce Daily"
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Diamondback Energy Inc  is Beating Anadarko ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Anadarko Petroleum Corporation  versus Diamondback Energy Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Is Diamondback Energy Inc  In A Sound Financial Condition? Simply Wall St - Mar 28, 2017 Stocks with market capitalization between $2B and $10B, such as Diamondback Energy Inc , do not attract as much attention from the investing community as do the small-caps and large-caps.Today's Brokerage Rating: Dean Foods Company , Diamondback Energy, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalWhy Analysts put forward these two stocks: Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG ... - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS"Diamondback Energy, Inc. : Trader Update on the Shares Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago Based on the latest information, investors are looking at Diamondback Energy, Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p6
aS'Diamondback Energy Inc Risk Points versus Energy CML News - Mar 28, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Diamondback Energy Inc  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.'
p7
aS"A Keen Look At The Chart For Diamondback Energy, Inc.  NY Stock News - Apr 5, 2017 Diamondback Energy, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p8
aS"Investors must not feel shy to buy these stocks: Diamondback Energy, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - Apr 12, 2017 The Allstate Corporation  market capitalization at present is $29.76B at the rate of $81.17 a share. The firm's price-to-sales ratio was noted 0.81 in contrast with an overall industry average of 0.67."
p9
aS"Noticeable Analyst's Ideas: Diamondback Energy, Inc.  StandardOracle - Mar 31, 2017 Diamondback Energy, Inc.  lost -0.47% to reach $102.67 in the previous trading session. Overall, 1.47 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 1.49 Million shares.Diamondback Energy Inc  Earns Buy Rating from Scotiabank - The Cerbat Gem3 Little-Known Energy Companies to Put on Your Radar - Motley Fool"
p10
a.