(lp0
S"Why Facebook Inc  Stock Still Has Nothing to Fear From Snapchat Investorplace.com - 19 hours ago Facebook Inc's  move to win over Snap Inc's  users is imperative. Last month, the social networking giant added Stories, a Snapchat feature, on FB Messenger."
p1
aS"'Serious safety implications': Facebook to review handling of videos after ... Financial Post - 12 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO - Facebook Inc launched a review on Monday of how it handles violent videos and other objectionable material, saying it needed to do better after a video of a killing in Cleveland remained on its service for more than two hours on Sunday.Facebook admits content-review process is flawed in wake of Cleveland killing - MarketWatch&quot;Facebook killer&quot; hunt goes nationwide - euronews"
p2
aS"Facebook Inc. Is Still Attracting New Advertisers in Droves Motley Fool - Apr 12, 2017 This is good news for Facebook investors. Since Facebook's revenue growth is expected to come down in 2017 as the company laps tough revenue growth comparisons in year-ago periods, and as Facebook's ad load growth tapers off and subsequently&nbsp;...Facebook's Sandberg says number of monthly advertisers tops 5 million - The Star Online"
p3
aS"Why Facebook, Inc.'s Revenue Growth Is About to Slow Down Motley Fool - Apr 12, 2017 Facebook  management has warned investors on several occasions that it can't keep up the 54% year-over-year revenue growth it served investors in 2016."
p4
aS'Is now the right time to buy Facebook Inc ? Simply Wall St - Apr 12, 2017 Facebook Inc  is considered a high growth stock but its last closing price of $139.92 made some investors wonder if it can be still rationalized by the high growth potential.'
p5
aS'Facebook Inc  Time to Sell? Live Trading News - 21 hours ago During the past 10 bars, there have been 2 white candles and 8 black candles for a net of 6 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 27 white candles and 23 black candles for a net of 4 white candles.'
p6
aS"Facebook, Inc. Earnings: With the Stock Above $140, the Pressure Is On Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2017 In Facebook's most recent quarter, the company absolutely crushed it. Revenue soared 51% year over year, driven primarily by a 53% rise in ad revenue.Can the Facebook Inc Stock Rally Continue?  - Investorplace.comFacebook Inc  Stake Increased by Keybank National Association OH - The Cerbat Gem"
p7
aS"Facebook Gives Staff Green Light to Protest Trump on May 1 Bloomberg - 31 minutes ago Facebook Inc. said it won't punish employees who take time off to join pro-immigrant protests on May 1. And, in a nod to security staff, janitors, shuttle-bus drivers and others who work for Facebook contractors on campus, the company also said it will&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"With &quot;Stories&quot; Expansion, Facebook Inc Shows Why It Dominates Social Media Motley Fool - Apr 1, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, Mac Greer enlists the help of Ron Gross and Jason Moser to discuss the recent rollout of Facebook's  Stories feature, a not-so-subtle imitation of the popular Snap  app. Social media companies&nbsp;...Snap Ups the Ante Against Facebook Stock - Profit Confidential"
p9
aS'Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features Motley Fool - Mar 28, 2017 In updates rolling out this week for the mobile Facebook app on iOS and Android, the latest Facebook version will include three new features for photos and videos: camera effects, Facebook Stories, and an easier way to share photos and videos directly ...Facebook Inc  Slams Snap Inc  With Facebook Stories - Investorplace.comFacebook Higher After Upgrades To Camera - Benzinga'
p10
a.