(lp0
S'First Community Corp.  to Acquire Cornerstone Bancorp in $25.8M Stock Deal StreetInsider.com - Apr 12, 2017 First Community Corporation , the holding company of First Community Bank, and Cornerstone Bancorp, the holding company of Cornerstone National Bank, jointly announced today the signing of a definitive merger agreement, under which&nbsp;...First Community Corporation to Expand Upstate South Carolina Presence - PR Newswire '
p1
aS"What You Must Know About First Community Corporation's  8.3% ROE? Simply Wall St - 5 hours ago First Community Corporation  generated a 8.3% ROE in the last year, compared to its industry's 9.3% ROE. But the profitability ratio, often called 'the mother of all ratios', reflects a company's performance both on its income statement ..."
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Century Bancorp Inc  versus First Community ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Century Bancorp Inc  versus First Community Corporation  .The First Community Corporation  Stake Maintained by JBF Capital Inc. - Petro Global News 24First Community Co.  Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday - Markets Daily'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus Plumas Bancorp ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Plumas Bancorp  .'
p4
aS'First Community Financial Corp reports earnings Lewistown Sentinel - 5 hours ago MIFFLINTOWN - Scott E. Fritz, president and chief executive officer of First Community Financial Corporation, announced unaudited net income for the first quarter of 2017 was $985,000, an increase of 156,000, or 18.8 percent, as compared to the first&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Is First Community  Stock a Solid Choice Right Now? Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is First Community Corporation FCCO . This is because this security in the Banks - Southeast space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a ...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus Unity Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 30, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Unity Bancorp Inc  .RMB Capital Management LLC Acquires 130381 Shares of First Community Co.  - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  versus First Community ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  versus First Community Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus Porter Bancorp ... CML News - Apr 4, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  .'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: First Community Corporation  versus Parke Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Community Corporation  versus Parke Bancorp Inc  .'
p10
a.