(lp0
S'First Commonwealth completes $106M Ohio deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Apr 3, 2017 First Commonwealth Financial Corp. on Monday said it has completed its acquisition of DCB Financial Corp. The conversion is expected to be completed over the weekend of May 20.First Commonwealth Completes Acquisition of DCB Financial - Yahoo FinanceFirst Commonwealth Financial  Stake Boosted by Envestnet Asset Management ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'First Commonwealth Financial: The Small Bank That Just Keeps Going Seeking Alpha - Nov 1, 2016 Just want to provide a little update on my favorite small bank... First Commonwealth Financial  released their 3rd quarter results that showcase the banks slow but steady climb.'
p2
aS'First Commonwealth Financial Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 But making First Commonwealth Financial Corp an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Wednesday, shares of FCF entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $12.68 per share.'
p3
aS"First Commonwealth to cut one-third of Ohio bank's staff Pittsburgh Business Times - Feb 15, 2017 First Commonwealth Financial Corp. expects to complete its $106 million purchase of DCB Financial Corp. on April 3 and has timed the first of two rounds of job cuts to begin when the deal closes, according to Columbus Business First, a sister publication."
p4
aS'First Commonwealth buying Ohio bank for $106M Pittsburgh Business Times - Oct 3, 2016 First Commonwealth Financial Corp. on Monday announced its third Ohio deal in less than two years and second in two months.DCB Financial , First Commonwealth Financial  Enter Merger Agreement - StreetInsider.comFirst Commonwealth in Pa. to Buy DCB Financial in Ohio - American Banker'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: First Commonwealth Financial Corporation  versus ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation  versus Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania  .'
p6
aS'First Commonwealth hires EVP for consumer, small business lending Pittsburgh Business Times - Dec 21, 2016 First Commonwealth Financial Corp. has hired Jeff Rosen as executive vice president/consumer and small business lending, a newly created post at its banking subsidiary.First Commonwealth in Pa. Hires Consumer Lending Leader - American Banker'
p7
aS'First Commonwealth Financial Corporation: First Commonwealth to Host First ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 5, 2017 INDIANA, PA --  -- 04/05/17 -- First Commonwealth Financial Corporation announced today that it will host a conference call on Wednesday, April 26, 2017 at 2:00 p.m.The First Commonwealth Financial  Stake Boosted by Envestnet Asset ... - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS'First Commonwealth Financial  Upgraded to &quot;Buy&quot; by Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - 2 hours ago First Commonwealth Financial logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of First Commonwealth Financial  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday.First Commonwealth Financial  Given Consensus Rating of &quot;Buy&quot; by Brokerages - Markets DailyFirst Commonwealth Financial  Lifted to &quot;Buy&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - Community Financial News'
p9
aS'First Commonwealth closes Ohio deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Dec 5, 2016 First Commonwealth Financial Corp. on Monday completed its acquisition of 13 former FirstMerit Bank branches in Canton and Ashtabula, Ohio.13 former FirstMerit Bank branches in Stark, Ashtabula now First Commonwealth - Akron Beacon Journal '
p10
a.