(lp0
S'The Freeport-McMoran, Inc.  Shares Sold by Oakmont Corp Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 Oakmont Corp decreased its position in Freeport-McMoran, Inc.  by 3.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p1
aS'Freeport Looks Like A Great Buy Seeking Alpha - 1 hour ago Freeport-McMoRan  has been trading sideways for the last couple of weeks, coming after what was a rather large slide beginning in February.Freeport-McMoRan Inc. Posted losses of -1.24% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverFreeport-McMoRan Inc  Given New $16.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC - Sports Perspectives'
p2
aS'Freeport-McMoRan: Potential Pre-Earnings Play Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 At the same time, the Indonesian government wants to take the majority ownership in Grasberg and to eliminate the contract of work, which gives the much-needed protection to Freeport-McMoRan. The positions of both parties in these negotiations are so ...Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  Dips 5.43% for April 12 - Equities.comFeatured Stock Update: Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  - HugoPress'
p3
aS'Freeport-McMoRan: Back On Top Seeking Alpha - Apr 7, 2017 Freeport-McMoRan: Back On Top. Apr. 7.17 | About: Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  &middot; Leo Nelissen. Long/short equity, growth, momentum, medium-term horizon.The Technical Chart Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes - NY Stock NewsFreeport-McMoRan Inc  Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Freeport-McMoRan: Buy The Fear Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2017 Problems at the mines are having an effect, but copper is the real driver of price. FCX can rally despite the problems. It will rally even more if they are solved.Freeport-McMoRan Inc  Stock Still Isn't Cheap Enough - Investorplace.comFreeport-McMoRan ends first quarter on a high note - Phoenix Business Journal"
p5
aS'Freeport-McMoRan - The Good News Has Arrived? Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2017 Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  is up more than 2 percent at $13.56 after Indonesia granted the mining company a temporary license to resume concentrated exports for eight months, counting from February onwards.Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  has a 52-week low of $8.76 - StandardOracleFreeport-McMoRan Inc. Posted losses of -0.74% in the Last Trade - Free Observer'
p6
aS"Freeport-McMoRan: Things Remain Tough In Indonesia Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 In my previous article on Freeport-McMoran , I evaluated 4 possible scenarios for Grasberg. Now that we have fresh news from Indonesia, it's time to look at the stock once again.Watch Freeport-McMoRan And Teck After Deutsche Bank Analysis - Benzinga"
p7
aS'The Technical Chart For Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  Is Very Revealing Today NY Stock News - 22 hours ago The technicals for Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p8
aS'McQueen, Ball &amp; Associates Inc. Buys Enbridge, McKesson, Freeport-McMoRan ... GuruFocus.com - Apr 4, 2017 Investment company McQueen, Ball &amp; Associates Inc. buys Enbridge, McKesson, Freeport-McMoRan, Analog Devices, Fidelity Nasdaq Composite Index Tracking Stock, The Home Depot, TE Connectivity, Fairfax Financial Holdings, sells Linear Technology,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Freeport-McMoRan Inc. : An Examination Of The Chart For Today's Session NY Stock News - Apr 7, 2017 Freeport-McMoRan Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.