(lp0
S'Family Dollar Sues Spinoff Stores Over Unpaid Invoices Law360  - Apr 6, 2017 Law360, Wilmington  -- Value retail chain Family Dollar Stores Inc. filed suit Thursday in Delaware state court alleging that Dollar Express LLC has failed to pay for $6.8 million in products delivered in recent days by ...Family Dollar closing 6 Wisconsin stores this summer - Milwaukee Business JournalTwo Family Dollar stores in Indianapolis set for closure - Indianapolis Business Journal'
p1
aS"7 Dollar Express stores in Northeast Ohio might be saved by Dollar General cleveland.com - Apr 7, 2017 The Dollar Express brand was created in November 2015 as part of an FTC-required divestiture of stores to satisfy Dollar Tree Inc.'s acquisition of Family Dollar Stores Inc. Dollar Express also told Ohio state and local officials it is closing stores ...New dollar discount chain to close 300-plus stores, including in Akron and Canton - Akron Beacon Journal FTC seeks public comment on Sycamore's proposed sale of assets to Dollar General - Legal News Line"
p2
aS"Family Dollar Stores to pay $307000 for environmental violations Sacramento Bee - Apr 23, 2016 Family Dollar Stores Inc. has been ordered by a San Joaquin County Superior Court judge to pay $307,000 in civil penalties, costs and supplemental environmental projects following an investigation into the firm's handling of hazardous waste.Family Dollar Stores settles hazardous waste allegations - Davis Enterprise"
p3
aS'Crooks use pickup truck to break into Family Dollar store KTRK-TV - Aug 29, 2016 A group of crooks used a stolen pickup truck as a battering ram to rob a Family Dollar store, surveillance video shows. KTRK.'
p4
aS'Family Dollar Stores of Colorado sued after Down Syndrome group ordered to ... The Denver Post - Sep 17, 2016 A 50-year-old Down Syndrome man has sued Family Dollar Stores of Colorado saying he and a group of mostly Down Syndrome disabled people were ordered to leave a Pueblo store because of who they are. The federal civil lawsuit was filed Friday on behalf ...'
p5
aS'Family Dollar forks over cash for violations Foothills Sun Gazette - May 4, 2016 ... announced that on April 11, 2016, San Joaquin County Superior Court Judge Barbara A. Kronlund ordered North Carolina Corporation Family Dollar Stores, Inc. to pay a total of $307,000 in civil penalties, costs, and education for environmental ...'
p6
aS'Kansas City Family Dollar Store closed due to mice infestation KSHB - Nov 29, 2016 Marissa Ellise posted a picture she says she took at the Family Dollar store at 30th and Prospect in Kansas City on Sunday.'
p7
aS'Dollar Tree taps former Wal-Mart executive to run Family Dollar Virginian-Pilot - Jan 5, 2017 A man who once led merchandising for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will lead the chain of Family Dollar stores. Chesapeake-based Dollar Tree Inc. has hired Duncan Mac Naughton to be president and chief operating officer of Family Dollar. The chain of discount&nbsp;...Dollar Tree, Inc. Announces Management Changes - Business Wire '
p8
aS"Armed suspects attempted to rob 2 Family Dollar stores ABC Action News - Feb 7, 2017 About eight minutes later, the suspects traveled to a different Family Dollar at 4978 E. Busch Blvd. and attempted another robbery.Hillsborough sheriff's deputies searching for Family Dollar robbers - WFLAArmed robbery caught on camera; HCSO searching for suspects - FOX 13 News, Tampa Bay"
p9
aS'Man With Down Syndrome Sues Family Dollar After Being Forced to Leave Store The Mighty - Sep 19, 2016 On September 17, 2014, Garcia and a group of other developmentally disabled adults went to their local Family Dollar store with Lisa Pacheco, an employee of Jordan Residential &amp; Vocational Services, Inc., a care center for adults with developmental&nbsp;...'
p10
a.