(lp0
S'The First Financial Bancorp.  Position Raised by BlackRock Inc. Petro Global News 24 - Feb 4, 2017 A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of First Financial Bancorp. by 0.9% in the third quarter.'
p1
aS'First Financial Bancorp: Small Is Beautiful Seeking Alpha - Oct 24, 2016 Well capitalized, with clean assets and growing well, First Financial Bancorp delivered a good 3Q. This bank has good operating margins, underpinning a 10% ROE and 14% ROTE.'
p2
aS'First Financial in Ohio Converts to State Charter American Banker - Jan 4, 2017 First Financial Bancorp in Cincinnati has converted its banking unit from a national charter to a state charter. The $8.4 billion-asset company said that with the conversion, which went into effect Dec. 30, First Financial Bank is now a member bank of ...'
p3
aS"Is First Financial Bancorp's  10.6% ROE Good Enough When Compared To Its ... Simply Wall St - Apr 14, 2017 First Financial Bancorp  delivered 10.6% ROE in the last year. However, to put First Financial Bancorp's Return on Equity in perspective, we must compare it to the performance of its industry, which averaged an ROE of 9.31%. Although ..."
p4
aS'First Financial Bancorp  Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.39 Sports Perspectives - 14 hours ago First Financial Bancorp logo Headlines about First Financial Bancorp  have trended positive this week, Alpha One Sentiment reports.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: First Financial Bancorp.  versus Webster Financial ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Financial Bancorp.  versus Webster Financial Corporation  .'
p6
aS"First Financial changes charter Cincinnati Business Courier - Jan 4, 2017 The only other notable change is that the Federal Reserve now is serves as First Financial's regulator. The bank is now a member of the Federal Reserve System."
p7
aS'Analyst Observation On 2 Stocks: Builders FirstSource, Inc. , First ... Post Analyst - 15 hours ago Turning to First Financial Bancorp. , its shares were trading at $26 a retreat of $-0.6, on the trading floor.'
p8
aS'First Financial Bancorp  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Apr 14, 2017 First Financial Bancorp logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of First Financial Bancorp  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Tuesday.First Financial Bancorp  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at DA Davidson - Sports PerspectivesPositive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact First Financial Bancorp (FFBC ... - Markets Daily'
p9
aS'Stock on Radar: First Financial Bancorp.  Price Target Update Rockville Register - 13 hours ago Equity research analysts have provided views on where they believe the stock will be trading in the future. According to Thomson Reuters, analysts are projecting a consensus target price of $28.19 on company shares.'
p10
a.