(lp0
S"The Insider Buying: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Director Acquires ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 4, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  traded up 3.23% during trading on Friday, hitting $36.70. 69,838 shares of the company's stock traded hands."
p1
aS"Farmers Capital Bank Corporation Announces Plan to Consolidate Banking Operations GlobeNewswire  - Aug 12, 2016 FRANKFORT, Ky., Aug. 11, 2016  -- Farmers Capital Bank Corporation   announced today that its Board of Directors approved a plan to consolidate the Company's four bank subsidiaries (as well as the&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corporation Announces Balance Sheet Restructuring ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 22, 2016 FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 21, 2016  -- Farmers Capital Bank Corporation   announced a series of balance sheet restructuring transactions that are expected to improve its overall financial position including&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Regent Investment Management LLC Has $6655000 Position in Farmers Capital Bank ... Markets Daily - 11 hours ago Farmers Capital Bank Corp logo Regent Investment Management LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of Farmers Capital Bank Corp  during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...Farmers Capital Bank Corp  to Release Earnings on Wednesday - Sports PerspectivesPositive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Farmers Capital Bank Corp ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Recent Trading Alert: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Is stories - Mar 22, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corporation's  witnessed no change 0.00% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 38.05.Stock Returns: 1st Constitution Bancorp  versus Farmers Capital ... - CML News"
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus Norwood ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  versus Norwood Financial Corp.'
p6
aS'Price Alert: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  Stock Nears ... CML News - Apr 8, 2017 Price Alert: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p7
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to &quot;Hold&quot; The Cerbat Gem - Apr 11, 2017 Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Farmers Capital Bank Corp  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Tuesday morning.Stock Returns: QCR Holdings Inc  is Beating Farmers Capital Bank ... - CML NewsFarmers Capital Bank Corp  Raised to &quot;Hold&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - BBNS'
p8
aS'Farmers Capital Bank Corp  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - Apr 11, 2017 Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Farmers Capital Bank Corp  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Tuesday morning.Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods Reaffirms &quot;Hold&quot; Rating for Farmers Capital Bank Corp ... - Community Financial NewsStocks: The Analysts Expect Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  to ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Farmers Capital Bank Corp  to Hold Sports Perspectives - Apr 9, 2017 Farmers Capital Bank Corp logo Farmers Capital Bank Corp  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report released on Wednesday.Stock Returns: Farmers Capital Bank Corporation  is Beating ... - CML News'
p10
a.