(lp0
S"Federated Investors, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings and Conference ... PR Newswire  - Apr 6, 2017 PITTSBURGH, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Federated Investors, Inc. , one of the nation's largest investment managers, will report financial and operating results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 after the market closes on Thursday ...Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Federated Investors Inc  to Sell - The Cerbat GemKeefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods Reiterates Hold Rating for Federated Investors Inc  - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS"Month-End Portfolio Data Now Available for Federated Investors' Closed-End Funds Stockhouse - 19 hours ago PITTSBURGH, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Federated Investors, Inc. today announced that monthly fund composition and performance data for Federated Premier Municipal Income Fund  and Federated Premier Intermediate Municipal&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Hazeltree Partners with Federated Investors to Automate Cash Sweeps for Buy ... GlobeNewswire  - 2 hours ago Federated Investors, Inc. is one of the largest investment managers in the United States, managing $365.9 billion in assets as of Dec. 31, 2016.'
p3
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Boosts Position in Old Second Bancorp Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Old Second Bancorp logo Federated Investors Inc. PA boosted its position in Old Second Bancorp Inc.  by 31.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p4
aS'HCP, Inc.  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago HCP logo Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in HCP, Inc.  by 47.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p5
aS'Stock Survey: Checking Levels for Federated Investors, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 6 hours ago Federated Investors, Inc.  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 2856943. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p6
aS'Walter Investment Management Corp  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Walter Investment Management Corp logo Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in Walter Investment Management Corp  by 3.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Dover Corp  Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Dover Corp logo Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in Dover Corp  by 18.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p8
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Boosts Position in Mosaic Co  The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Mosaic logo Federated Investors Inc. PA boosted its position in Mosaic Co  by 2,361.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p9
aS'Federated Investors Inc. PA Reduces Position in International Flavors ... The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago International Flavors &amp; Fragrances logo Federated Investors Inc. PA lowered its position in International Flavors &amp; Fragrances Inc  by 4.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...'
p10
a.