(lp0
S'Fifth Third Bancorp Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.14  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 12, 2017 Fifth Third Bancorp logo Fifth Third Bancorp  announced a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, February 28th.'
p1
aS"USAA Bank taps Fifth Third Bancorp exec for president mySanAntonio.com - Apr 7, 2017 San Antonio's USAA Bank has tapped Chad Borton, an executive at Fifth Third Bancorp in Cincinnati, as president, the company announced Friday.Philip R. McHugh Named Consumer Bank Head; Succeeds Chad Borton - Business Wire "
p2
aS'Fifth Third Bancorp Publishes 2016 Corporate Social Responsibility Report Yahoo Finance - Apr 10, 2017 Fifth Third Bancorp  has published its 2016 annual report on corporate social responsibility . An interactive and responsive report can be accessed at https://www.53.Banced Corp Reduces Position in Fifth Third Bancorp  - The Cerbat GemHot Stock Overview: Fifth Third Bancorp  - HugoPress'
p3
aS"Fifth Third Expands Buy-Side M&amp;A Capabilities Business Wire  - Apr 13, 2017 CINCINNATI----Fifth Third Bancorp  recently announced that Fifth Third Securities Inc. has hired Michael Ho and Jim Parrino to co-head the Investment Banking group's buy-side M&amp;A advisory practice that offers clients&nbsp;...Fifth Third Bank Fuels Small Business Growth through Accion Partnership - Stockhouse"
p4
aS'Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Affect Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB ... The Cerbat Gem - 6 hours ago Fifth Third Bancorp logo News articles about Fifth Third Bancorp  have trended somewhat positive this week, Alpha One Sentiment reports.Stable Stock: Fifth Third Bancorp  - StandardOracleStock to Watch: Fifth Third Bancorp  - Post Registrar'
p5
aS"Fifth Third Bank promotes Phillip McHugh to head of consumer bank HousingWire - Apr 11, 2017 Fifth Third Bancorp announced recently that it is promoting Phillip McHugh to become the bank's new head of its consumer bank, which includes retail banking, mortgage, auto lending, business banking, collections and credit centers."
p6
aS"Fifth Third Bancorp  Isn't Shy About Revealing Its Soul In The Technicals NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Fifth Third Bancorp  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics."
p7
aS'Fifth Third Bancorp Enters Oversold Territory Nasdaq - Mar 27, 2017 But making Fifth Third Bancorp an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Monday, shares of FITB entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $24.015 per share.'
p8
aS'Fifth Third Bancorp  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 29, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 28, 2017 Fifth Third Bancorp  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 29, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.14 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2017.Fifth Third Bancorp surged in the Previous Trading Session with the Change of ... - Free ObserverHot Stock to Watch: Fifth Third Bancorp  - HugoPress'
p9
aS"Fifth Third Bancorp: Is It a Good Stock for Value Investors? Zacks.com - Mar 20, 2017 This level actually compares pretty favorably with the market at large, as the PE for the S&amp;P 500 stands at about 20.48. If we focus on the long-term PE trend, Fifth's current PE level puts it above its midpoint over the past five years, with the ..."
p10
a.