(lp0
S"Fluor Corp.  Reports New 5-yr Maintenance Contract with Huntsman  at ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 20, 2017 Fluor Corporation  announced today that Stork, Fluor's maintenance, modification and asset integrity segment, was awarded a five-year contract by Huntsman International, LLC  for maintenance and sustaining small capital projects&nbsp;...Insider Selling: Fluor Co.   Insider Sells $96930.00 in Stock - Sports PerspectivesFluor  Down 6% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS'Why Fluor Corporation Stock Got Floored Today Motley Fool - Nov 4, 2016 Moreover, Fluor expects to get back on the growth path next year, initiating new guidance for fiscal 2017 of $2.75 to $3.25 per share.Fluor  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaFluor  Stock Drops on Q3 Miss, Outlook - TheStreet.com'
p2
aS"BRIEF-Fluor Corp says finished mechanical construction of Dow Chemical Co's ... Reuters - Mar 30, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Fluor Corp. gets high marks in Fortune magazine GSA Business - Feb 21, 2017 It is the sixth year in a row Fluor has earned the top designation among its peers in the engineering and construction market sector, according to a news release. To be recognized as a world's most admired company and first in our sector for six ...Fluor Corporation : Financial Health Analysis - Simply Wall StCramer Advises His Viewers On Fluor, Bank of America, MGM Resorts And Jack In ... - Benzinga"
p4
aS"SunCoke Energy, Inc. Announces Vendor Partnership With Fluor Corporation PR Newswire  - Feb 17, 2017 LISLE, Ill., Feb. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- SunCoke Energy, Inc.  announced today that it has engaged with Fluor Corporation to provide maintenance and capital project services for SunCoke's Domestic Coke facilities. Fluor brings over 100&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Shareholders pushed Irving's Fluor Corp. to reveal its political spending, and ... Dallas News - Mar 14, 2017 Fluor reported the contributions -- to candidates, state referendums and campaign committees -- in a new formal report on corporate political activity. Fluor adopted the policy on political spending last year, after a majority of shareholders approved ..."
p6
aS"Fluor Corp.  JV Receives $318M DOE Contract to Operate the Depleted ... StreetInsider.com - Sep 30, 2016 Fluor Corporation  announced today that the U.S. Department of Energy  selected Mid-America Conversion Services, LLC , a joint venture comprised of Atkins, Fluor and Westinghouse, to operate the depleted uranium hexafluoride&nbsp;...Fluor-Atkins-Westinghouse JV Lands $318M Contract to Operate DOE's Nuclear ... - GovConWire"
p7
aS"Westinghouse's largest creditor continues work on power plant projects ... Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 30, 2017 Fluor Corp., the Irving, Texas-based engineering firm that manages the construction workforce at two Westinghouse nuclear power plant projects, sent the following email statement to the Business Times on Thursday: Fluor  continues to work on ...FLUOR CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive"
p8
aS"Fluor  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 17, 2017 Good morning and welcome to Fluor Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.Fluor  Beats Earnings and Revenue Estimates in Q4 - Zacks.com"
p9
aS'The Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Purchases New Stake in Fluor Corporation  Petro Global News 24 - 10 hours ago Other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. ARGI Investment Services LLC increased its position in Fluor Corporation by 4.5% in the second quarter. ARGI Investment Services LLC now owns 19,321 shares of the&nbsp;...Fluor Co.   Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.67 Per Share - Sports PerspectivesFluor Corporation  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p10
a.