(lp0
S'Yadkin Bank purchased by FNB Corp Jefferson Post - Jul 25, 2016 RALEIGH-Yadkin Bank was purchased last week by Pittsburgh-based FNB Corp., in a deal worth some $1.4 billion, according to a press release issued jointly by both companies.'
p1
aS"FNB completes Yadkin deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 13, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Monday said it successfully completed its merger with Yadkin Financial Corp. on Saturday. At $1.4 billion, the transaction was the largest to date for F.N.Investor's Alert: FNB Corp  - Post RegistrarFNB Corp  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research - BNB Daily "
p2
aS'F.N.B. Corp  Expected to Post Earnings of $0.23 Per Share Markets Daily - 7 hours ago F.N.B. Corp logo Equities analysts expect that F.N.B. Corp  will report earnings of $0.23 per share for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports.F.N.B. Corp  Stake Held by Peoples Financial Services CORP. - Sports PerspectivesF.N.B. Corp  Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'FNB Corporation and Yadkin Financial Corporation Shareholders Approve Merger ... PR Newswire  - Dec 9, 2016 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- F.N.B. Corporation  announced that the shareholders of both FNB and Yadkin Financial Corporation  adopted the necessary approvals to complete the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger&nbsp;...FNB and Yadkin shareholders approve deal - Pittsburgh Business Times'
p4
aS"FNB Corp. buying Yadkin Financial in $1.4B deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Jul 21, 2016 One of Pittsburgh's biggest banks, F.N.B. Corp., is acquiring Yadkin Financial Corp. for $1.4 billion and entering North Carolina.FNB Corp  to Acquire Yadkin Financial  in $1.4B Deal - StreetInsider.com"
p5
aS"FNB names leadership team for North and South Carolina markets Pittsburgh Business Times - Aug 25, 2016 F.N.B. Corp. on Thursday announced the leadership team for its new markets in the Carolinas, keeping much of the executive team of Yadkin Financial Corp.FNB names Yadkin Bank's Steven Jones to leadership role - News & Observer"
p6
aS'ADX At the Forefront For F.N.B. Corp  Rives Journal - Apr 16, 2017 Taking a quick look at technical levels and trend lines for F.N.B. Corp , we see that the stock has a 14-day ADX of 28.88.'
p7
aS'FNB adds to finance leadership team, hires two from larger banks Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 9, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Thursday announced two key appointments to its finance leadership team, both hailing from larger banks. Jim Dutey joined F.N.'
p8
aS"Mortgage business a 3Q driver for FNB Pittsburgh Business Times - Oct 20, 2016 F.N.B. Corp.'s decision a few years ago to build its mortgage banking operations paid off big time in the third quarter of 2016, President and CEO Vincent Delie Jr."
p9
aS'See which bank may have vied for Cardinal Bank  and why its United Bank deal ... Washington Business Journal - Mar 3, 2017 The all-stock deal between United Bank and Cardinal Bank was the result of good timing, federal filings show. Subscribe to get the full story.'
p10
a.