(lp0
S'Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  and Federal Home Loan ... Street Register - Apr 8, 2017 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp  and Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  have been falling recently, in a three month period.'
p1
aS"Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Updates On January ... Journal Transcript - Mar 1, 2017 In January 2017, Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me 's Book of Business surged at a compound yearly rate of 2.3% in January."
p2
aS'Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Looks Strong Live Trading News - Dec 27, 2016 Federal National Mortgage Association  is a government-sponsored enterprise  chartered by the Congress. The Company supports liquidity and stability in the secondary mortgage market where mortgage related assets are purchased and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Names George W ... Journal Transcript - Dec 1, 2016 Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  has elected George W. Haywood to the firm's Board. He has been selected in the Compensation Committee and the Strategic plans and Technology Committee."
p4
aS"Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Says Long-Term ... Journal Transcript - Dec 22, 2016 Sentiment measures have surged to multi-year highs moving into next year, but FY2017 is projected to offer another year of unexciting growth, according to the Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  ESR Group's Economic and&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Buffett: Fannie And Freddie Aren't Needed Benzinga - Feb 27, 2017 Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp  shareholders are hoping President Donald Trump and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will turn control of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac back&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Keep A Close Watch On Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  FinancialsTrend - Jan 19, 2017 Donald Trump's election victory was a bonus for Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me , fondly known as, Fannie Mae.Keep An Eye On Fannie And Freddie Tomorrow - Benzinga"
p7
aS'Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Projects Modest Growth ... Journal Transcript - Nov 23, 2016 Noting on economic and housing viewpoint for November, Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  posted that the planned change in the U.S.'
p8
aS'Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Warns Of Turbulent Times ... USMarketsDaily  - Feb 23, 2015 Mortgage finance giant,Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me , has given the clearest of indications that it expects its earnings to decline in the near future having experienced a turbulent run in the fourth quarter.'
p9
aS"Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  Reports New ... FinancialsTrend - Dec 29, 2016 Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me  reported that its Flex Modification foreclosure prevention plan, which is intended to assist America's families by providing reductions to monthly mortgage outflows."
p10
a.