(lp0
S"Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  sitting close to a major resistance line on ... USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago With all other things going on, Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 27.55 percent in just three months.State Street Corp Has $28.386 Million Stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  - The Cerbat GemWell recognized Stock of Market: Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.'s  stock ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p1
aS'Analyst Tracker: Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  in Focus The Herald - 7 hours ago Equity research firms covering public U.S companies have a workforce of analysts dedicating their time covering the most popular stocks.'
p2
aS'Amicus Therapeutics Honors Fabry Disease Awareness Month and International ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 6, 2017 CRANBURY, N.J., April 06, 2017  -- Amicus Therapeutics , a global biotechnology company at the forefront of rare and orphan diseases, is supporting several activities during Fabry Disease Awareness Month and&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Amicus: Key Catalysts Approaching Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Amicus Therapeutics  has done a solid job launching Galafold in Germany, and is looking to replicate the success in other countries in 2017.Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. : A Detailed Look at its Institutional Ownership - Post AnalystAmicus Therapeutics, Inc.  traded with Volume of 2.87 Million shares in ... - The Newburgh Press'
p4
aS'Amicus Therapeutics Completes Enrollment in ESSENCE Phase 3 Epidermolysis ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 3, 2017 CRANBURY, N.J., April 03, 2017  -- Amicus Therapeutics , a global biotechnology company at the forefront of therapies for rare and orphan diseases, has completed enrollment in the ongoing Phase 3 clinical study&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Sell-side Consensus Sees Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  Going Where ... Aiken Advocate - 20 hours ago Investors and analysts will be closely watching when the company next reports earnings numbers. Earnings results can offer insight into the overall profitability of a specific company.'
p6
aS"Investors Must See: Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  StandardOracle - Apr 13, 2017 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  plummeted -1 percent and ended the day at $6.92. The Average Volume of the company is 3.11 Million.Most Recent Update on Price Move: Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.'s  - Is storiesAmicus Therapeutics  Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Finds - Sports Perspectives"
p7
aS"Which Way Are Traders Betting This Stock Will Go: Amicus Therapeutics, Inc ... Midway Monitor - 14 hours ago According to the latest stock data, investors are looking at Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p8
aS'Long term Growth Analysis of Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  The Newburgh Press - 21 hours ago Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  reported sales  of 5 Million, whereas, 5 number of analysts estimated the mean sale of 6.35 million.'
p9
aS'The Guggenheim Capital LLC Invests $1.522 Million in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc ... Alive For Football - Apr 16, 2017 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. had its &quot;outperform&quot; rating reiterated by analysts at Leerink Swann. JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $4.1 Million - Markets DailyBrokerages Anticipate Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.  to Announce -$0.37 EPS - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.