(lp0
S'Fonar: Not Too Many Reasons To Be A Buyer Anymore Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2016 Fonar continues to do well with its medical diagnostic business, but its MRI business is basically non-existent. While its medical diagnostic business is the main reason the stock went to higher levels, I always envisioned higher MRI sales as well.'
p1
aS'Decision Time: Fonar Corporation  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection ... CML News - 21 hours ago Decision Time: Fonar Corporation  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p2
aS'Equity Review: Looking Closer at Shares of Fonar Corporation  BVN - 17 hours ago Looking at shares of Fonar Corporation , the company presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.585121. This number is calculated from the research by University of Rochester professor Robert Novy-Marx.'
p3
aS'Bovie Medical Corporation versus Fonar Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 28, 2017 Fonar Corporation has a substantially higher fundamental rating then Bovie Medical Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p4
aS'Fonar - Unknown And Undervalued Seeking Alpha  - Sep 10, 2014 Fonar Corporation  is engaged in the research, development, productions, and marketing of medical scanning equipment, which uses principles of Magnetic Resonance Imaging  for the detection of and diagnosis of human diseases.'
p5
aS"Fonar: At Last, Light At The End Of The Tunnel? Seeking Alpha - Oct 2, 2012 FONAR  is one of those stocks from my investment childhood. In fact, it's probably the first stock I ever speculated on, when I opened my first brokerage account many years ago ."
p6
aS'Stay Long Fonar, Prices Are Heading Higher Seeking Alpha - Oct 3, 2013 MELVILLE, NEW YORK, March 6, 2013 - FONAR Corporation , The Inventor of MR Scanning, reported that yesterday HMCA, a subsidiary of Fonar Corporation, acquired through a majority interest in a newly formed limited liability&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"What You Must Know About Fonar Corporation's  Financial Health Simply Wall St - Mar 22, 2017 Companies with small market capitalization such as Fonar Corporation , while they can deliver high growth, financial strength is the deciding element in their long-term existence."
p8
aS"Will Fonar Corporation's  Balance Sheet Trouble It During A Downturn? Simply Wall St - Mar 3, 2017 Fonar Corporation , with a market capitalization of USD $114 Million, is considered a small-cap company. Although such businesses are the ones which could grow the most, they are also highly prone to a downturn in the country's economy&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Stock Returns: EDAP TMS S.A.  versus Fonar Corporation  CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for EDAP TMS S.A.  versus Fonar Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.