(lp0
S'Tiptree Financial to Acquire Insurance Services Firm Fortegra for $218M Insurance Journal - Aug 12, 2014 Holding company Tiptree Financial Inc. said it will acquire Fortegra Financial Corp., a Florida-based insurance services firm, in an all cash transaction valued at approximately $218 million.Tiptree to Acquire Fortegra Financial for $200 Million - Wall Street JournalFortegra Financial agrees to $218M buyout agreement from Tiptree - Jacksonville Daily Record'
p1
aS"Fortegra Financial Corp./Digital Leash LLC, dba ProtectCell: Rob Emery, Bryan ... Crain's Detroit Business - Mar 24, 2013 A deal that closed late in 2012 enabled the owners of Novi-based Digital Leash LLC, doing business as ProtectCell, to do an equity recapitalization of the company while maintaining a stake in it."
p2
aS'Palmer Administrative Services Announces Agent Partnership Agreement with ... PR Web  - Jul 2, 2013 Palmer Administrative Services, Inc. a leading provider of vehicle service contracts and Fortegra Financial Corporation announced a 3rd party administrator partnership of their companies.'
p3
aS'IPO brings changes for Jacksonville-based Fortegra CEO Florida Times-Union - Feb 28, 2011 The public stock sale also means that more people will learn about the operations of Fortegra, a Jacksonville-based company that provides services to insurance and financial services companies. Kahlbaugh said the public listing of its stock should give&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Fortegra skips over the 'elephant in the room' Jacksonville Daily Record - Aug 18, 2014 If you've never listened to a quarterly conference call, the typical format is for top company officials to read prepared remarks about the financial data and other events that occurred during the recent quarter. They might also give forecasts for the ..."
p5
aS'AmWINS to Acquire Bliss &amp; Glennon and eReinsure from Fortegra Insurance Journal - Dec 3, 2013 North Carolina-based insurance wholesaler AmWINS Group Inc. has agreed to a deal with Fortegra Financial Corp. to acquire both Bliss &amp; Glennon, an excess and surplus lines wholesale insurance broker and managing general agency, and eReinsure,&nbsp;...AmWINS acquires two insurance units from Fortegra Financial - Charlotte Business Journal'
p6
aS'Tiptree Financial Inc. Reports Full Year 2015 Financial Results Business Wire  - Mar 15, 2016 Fortegra Financial Corporation  contributed $29.8 million in pre-tax earnings to consolidated results for 2015.'
p7
aS'4 Simple Ways To Increase Customer Loyalty Twice  - Mar 31, 2017 Paul Dobbins is national director of sales and account management at Fortegra Financial Corp. , which, together with its sister Tiptree Financial subsidiaries, is a single-source insurance services provider that offers a range of consumer protection ...'
p8
aS'Blueprint Arranges $11.5M Sale of Seniors Housing Community in Baton Rouge REBusinessOnline - Nov 9, 2016 The buyer was a subsidiary of Florida-based specialty insurer Fortegra Financial Corp., an affiliate of Tiptree Financial Inc. New York City-based Care Investment Trust LLC will serve as asset manager of Oakwood Village, and Traditions Senior ...'
p9
aS'Guess Who Just Picked Up Tiptree Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 29, 2017 The insurance and insurance services segment operates through Fortegra Financial Corporation. The specialty finance segment operates through Siena Capital Finance LLC and Luxury Mortgage Corp.Tiptree Inc.  Files Form 4 Insider Buying : Jonathan Ilany Buys 10414 Shares - Energy Index'
p10
a.