(lp0
S"JCP Investment Letter To Fiesta Restaurant Group Seeking Alpha - Apr 16, 2017 As you know, we own approximately 8.7% of the outstanding shares of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.  , making us the Company's third largest stockholder.Fiesta Restaurant Group  Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 - The Cerbat GemBrokerages Anticipate Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  Will Post Quarterly ... - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS'JCP Issues Open Letter to Chairman of Fiesta Restaurant Group PR Newswire  - Apr 12, 2017 HOUSTON, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- JCP Investment Management, LLC, together with its affiliates and the other participants in its solicitation , collectively one of the largest stockholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.Stock Returns: Carrols Restaurant Group Inc  is Beating Fiesta ... - CML NewsFiesta Restaurant Group Inc  Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $178.58 ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"Activist takes aim at Fiesta Restaurant Group Nation's Restaurant News - Jan 30, 2017 JCP Investment Management LLC nominated three people Monday to the board of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc., complaining about the decline in value at the owner of Pollo Tropical and Taco Cabana in recent years.Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. Confirms Receipt of Director Nominations Notice - Business Wire "
p3
aS'Why Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc. Stock Plummeted Today Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group also appointed former Benihana chief Richard Stockinger as CEO. Stockinger succeeds Danny Meisenheimer, who temporarily took the helm when former CEO Tim Taft retired this past September.Fiesta Restaurant Group  Richard Stockinger on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Fiesta Restaurant Group Perks Up On Sale News Seeking Alpha - Jan 2, 2017 Fiesta Restaurant Group  has produced a very nice and stable rally from its bottom at $20 a few months ago. But the restaurant business is a tough one these days as declining traffic continues to take its toll on just about every player in ...'
p5
aS"Why Shares of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc. Slumped Today Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 What: Shares of restaurant operator Fiesta Restaurant Group  tumbled on Tuesday following the company's first-quarter earnings report. At noon, the stock was down about 17.5%. So what: Fiesta reported quarterly revenue of $176.7 million,&nbsp;...Fiesta Restaurant Group: Q1 Sell-Off Provides Gift Opportunity - Seeking Alpha"
p6
aS'Fiesta Restaurant Group Shares Jump on Report of Possible Sale Bloomberg - Oct 14, 2016 Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc., the owner of the Pollo Tropical and Taco Cabana chains, rose as much as 10 percent after the New York Post reported that the company has put itself up for sale.Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc  Shares Boosted On Hopes of Sale - Scibility MediaFiesta Restaurant preps for sale - New York Post'
p7
aS'Fiesta Restaurant Group Spin-Off Of Taco Cabana Will Create Value Forbes - Mar 30, 2016 Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc.  spun-off FRGI in 2012 in an effort to focus on its Burger King franchise.'
p8
aS"Fiesta Restaurant Group  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 8, 2016 Before we begin, I must remind everyone that during the call today, the company will include statements that are not based on historical information.Fiesta Restaurant Group considers regional promotions - Nation's Restaurant NewsParent company of Taco Cabana, Pollo Tropical posts $4.5 million loss - San Antonio Express-News "
p9
aS"Fiesta Restaurant Group: Now What? Seeking Alpha - Aug 28, 2016 Shares still look inexpensive, but the risk-reward isn't truly compelling - it depends what management does. The good news is that activism or &quot;suggestivism&quot; could ensure this company is steered on the right track and value is realized for shareholders.Fiesta Restaurant Group CEO to retire - Nation's Restaurant News"
p10
a.