(lp0
S'Contact KOMO News KOMO News - Aug 31, 2015 KOMO is a WA based station and an ABC Television affiliate owned and operated by Sinclair Broadcast Group. Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. is one of the largest and most diversified television broadcasting companies in the country today. Sinclair owns ...'
p1
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Expected End Of Carriage By Frontier Cable PR Newswire  - Dec 20, 2016 SEATTLE and PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group  , the owner of KOMO-TV  and, KATU-TV  announced today that it&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Sinclair Broadcast rolls out TBD network targeting millennials Baltimore Sun - Mar 8, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has begun to roll out a first-of-its kind, over-the-air TV network showing digital programming that's designed to appeal to millennials."
p3
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group reportedly talking to Tribune Media about acquisition Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 1, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. shares were up more than 4 percent in trading Wednesday morning after a report said it approached Tribune Media Co.Tribune Media could be focus of merger talks with Sinclair Broadcast Group - Chicago Business JournalIs Sinclair Making Plans for Changes at FCC? - TVSpy'
p4
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group profit soars in 4Q on political advertising Baltimore Business Journal - Feb 22, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. posted a 107 percent increase in fourth-quarter earnings, boosted by political advertising and digital offerings.Sinclair Broadcast Group  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS'New online lifestyle magazine to debut in Greater Washington Washington Business Journal - Mar 2, 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc.  is bringing an online lifestyle magazine to Greater Washington. D.C. Refined will ... Seattle Refined operates in partnership with KOMOnews.com, the digital platform for KOMO-TV, a Sinclair-owned ABC affiliate.'
p6
aS'Sinclair Broadcast acquires Tennis.com, magazine for $8 million Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 1, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has acquired Tennis Media Co. in an $8 million deal aimed at growing the Tennis Channel.'
p7
aS'Sinclair Broadcast sells security alarm company for $200 million Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 8, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. is making more than six times what it invested after selling a security alarm company for $200 million.'
p8
aS'Sinclair makes decision on WJLA headquarters Washington Business Journal - Aug 2, 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has decided to remain in Rosslyn, concluding a search that included the prospect of moving across the Potomac River to the District or Maryland.'
p9
aS"Sinclair's David Smith to step down as CEO Baltimore Business Journal - Nov 2, 2016 Chris Ripley, the Hunt Valley-based broadcaster's CFO since 2014, will become CEO. Lucy Rutishauser, senior vice president of corporate finance and treasurer, will move into the CFO role."
p10
a.