(lp0
S"Donald Trump's Conflicts of Interest: A Crib Sheet The Atlantic - Nov 23, 2016 Though CREW is the first group to bring a lawsuit against President Trump, it may soon have company. According to The New York Times, Anthony Romero, the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union, has said that his organization is ..."
p1
aS'YouTube accounts hacked by online security group The Sydney Morning Herald - Apr 14, 2017 Hundreds of YouTube channels have been hacked by security group OurMine, which is claiming it as &quot;The biggest hack in YouTube history&quot;.'
p2
aS'Latest Shadow Brokers Windows Exploits Already Patched by Microsoft eWeek - 21 hours ago ... that first emerged publicly in August 2016, attempting to sell exploits. Multiple security firms, including Kaspersky Lab, have linked the exploits released by the Shadow Brokers to an organization known as the Equation Group, which allegedly is ...NSA infiltrated Mideast banking system, says hacker group the Shadow Brokers - The Australian Financial ReviewFive reasons to worry about the ShadowBrokers hack - The Hill'
p3
aS"Fortinet Stock Rises, Palo Alto Downgraded, Barracuda Earnings Due Investor's Business Daily - 18 hours ago Computer security software companies made waves Monday as Fortinet  got a price-target hike, Palo Alto Networks  was downgraded and Barracuda Networks  got ready to kick off earnings season after the close."
p4
aS'Sophos boosted by higher demand for cyber security services Financial Times - Apr 4, 2017 Next year, Britain will be subject to an EU-wide directive known as GDPR that will fine companies 4 per cent of their turnover if their data are hacked, stepping up the pressure to tighten cyber security. Reflecting this trend, many UK cyber security ...'
p5
aS"United Air CEO Calls Dragging Incident a 'Humbling Experience' Bloomberg - 13 hours ago United Airlines Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz, pivoting from a public apology to face investors, assured Wall Street that the carrier would rebound from the uproar that followed the dragging of a passenger off one of its planes."
p6
aS"Homeland Security fields 1000 sex abuse complaints, group says Fox News - Apr 11, 2017 SAN DIEGO - An advocacy group said Tuesday that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's internal watchdog fielded more than 1,000 complaints of sexual assault or sexual abuse from people in custody in a little more than two years.Report: Homeland Security fields 1000 sex abuse complaints - Live 5 News"
p7
aS'Cylance CTO Chisholm, One Of Its First Employees, Leaves The Security Vendor CRN - Apr 10, 2017 Cylance CTO Glenn Chisholm has left the company, CRN has learned, the latest in a series of changes at the next-generation endpoint security vendor. ... &quot;We founded this company with a group of highly creative technologists and Glenn is one of them.'
p8
aS'First on CNN: New terrorist laptop bombs may evade airport security, intel ... CNN - Mar 31, 2017 However, evaluated intelligence indicates that terrorist groups continue to target commercial aviation, to include smuggling explosive devices in electronics,&quot; the Department of Homeland Security told CNN in a statement. &quot;The U.S. government ...'
p9
aS"REFILE-China's Ant hikes MoneyGram bid by over a third, beats rival U.S. offer Nasdaq - 9 hours ago Ant's [ANTFIN.UL] plans to expand globally with the acquisition of one of the biggest firms in remittances hit a major snag last month when U.S.China's Ant Financial outbids rival for MoneyGram - Business Day Ant Financial Hikes MoneyGram Offer by 36% - Fox Business"
p10
a.