(lp0
S"Encanto Potash Corp. one step closer to financing $3B mine on Sask. First Nation Saskatoon StarPhoenix - Jan 6, 2017 The agreements, known as offtakes, with bankable India-based firms should help Encanto Potash Corp. secure the $3 billion it needs to build the mine on Muskowekwan First Nation, said the Vancouver-based company's director of corporate development."
p1
aS'Potash Corp. Ahead Of Q4 Earnings Seeking Alpha - Jan 20, 2017 Here are my thoughts ahead of the earnings report. First, I reiterate the call from my previous article - the bottom is in, both for the fertilizer market and for Potash Corp. shares. We need to witness some kind of a catastrophe to see Potash Corp ...'
p2
aS"Potash Corp. cuts dividend for first time amid lacklustre earnings The Globe and Mail - Jan 28, 2016 Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. has slashed its dividend for the first time in the company's history, highlighting the tension between generous shareholder payouts and dismal commodity prices across the resource sector.Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc slashes dividend for first time since IPO in ... - Financial PostPotashCorp slashes dividend, reports lower earnings due to weak fertilizer market - Saskatoon StarPhoenix"
p3
aS'Sask. First Nation potash project signs major deal with India CBC.ca - Jan 19, 2017 A major potash deal could mean big business for a Saskatchewan First Nation. Encanto Potash has signed an ... Last year, Encanto signed another agreement with the Metals and Minerals Trading Corporation of India. The First Nations community and&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Will Weakness in PotashCorp's 1H17 Earnings Be Offset in 2H17? Market Realist - 15 hours ago The chart above shows that analysts estimate that in the first half of fiscal 2017, PotashCorp's earnings will fall year-over-year, while most of the earnings per share growth will likely occur in the second half of fiscal 2017."
p5
aS'Federal government passes landmark First Nations mining regulations Saskatoon StarPhoenix - Mar 30, 2017 Encanto Potash Corp. President and CEO Stavros Daskos, left, and Muskowekwan First Nation Chief Reginald Bellerose inspect the site of a proposed $3 billion potash mine on the reserve northeast of Regina.First Nations Commercial and Industrial Development Act Finalized by Order in ... - Canada NewsWire Encanto Potash Activates Potash Trading Company in Anticipation of Exports to ... - Yahoo Finance'
p6
aS'Amec Foster Wheeler Signs MOU With Muskowekwan First Nations and Encanto ... Canada NewsWire  - Mar 23, 2017 VANCOUVER, March 23, 2017 /CNW/ - Encanto Potash Corp.   is pleased to announce that Amec Foster Wheeler  has signed a Memorandum of Understanding  with Muskowekwan Resources Ltd.POTASH: Encanto, AMEC, First Nations sign historic agreement - Canadian Mining Journal'
p7
aS'First orders under $455m potash deal for Vancouver junior MINING.com - Mar 7, 2017 Encanto, worth $51 million on the venture market in Toronto after gaining 57% in value this year, would be the first junior mining company to bring a potash mine into production in an industry dominated by a handful of global giants based in in North ...'
p8
aS"PotashCorp and Agrium agree near-$30bn fertilisers merger Financial Times - Sep 12, 2016 In the first half of 2016, PotashCorp's earnings plunged 75 per cent, hit by sluggish potash prices, while Agrium saw net profits decline 18 per cent.Potash Corp. and Agrium merge, create $36bn fertilizer giant - MINING.comAgrium-PotashCorp merger to create US$36B agricultural giant amid fertilizer ... - bnn.ca"
p9
aS"Potash Corp. cuts guidance and lowers spending, but sees silver lining as ... Financial Post - Apr 28, 2016 Potash Corp.'s realized potash selling price in the first quarter was just US$178 a tonne. That compares to US$284 in the same quarter a year ago, and US$238 in the last three months of 2015.Potash Corp. Cuts '16 Profit Forecast on Fertilizer Slump - AgWebPotash profits hit by plunge in fertiliser prices - Financial Times"
p10
a.