(lp0
S"Why Flotek Industries Inc.'s Shares Jumped 18% Today Motley Fool - May 4, 2016 What: Flotek Industries Inc.  reported earnings on Tuesday and the market was pleased with what it saw, sending shares as much as 18% higher in trading Wednesday."
p1
aS'Flotek Industries Earnings Missed Expectations, Shares Surged Anyway Motley Fool - Feb 10, 2017 Shares of oil and gas drilling chemical manufacturer Flotek Industries  jumped 15.8% yesterday. The big bump in share price came on the heels of its earnings release that showed the company grew revenue and earnings compared to the prior&nbsp;...Flotek Industries Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for February 09 - Equities.comHouston energy tech co. to divest business segments - Houston Business Journal'
p2
aS"Federal Court Dismisses Lawsuit Against Flotek PR Newswire  - Apr 4, 2017 HOUSTON, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Flotek Industries Inc.  announced today that the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas has granted Flotek's motion to dismiss the securities class action that had been filed against the&nbsp;...Flotek Industries  Announces Dismissal of Class Action Lawsuit - StreetInsider.com"
p3
aS'Flotek: Drilling Down To Zero Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 Flotek Industries Inc.  is primarily a supplier of specialty chemicals to oil and gas exploration and oilfield service companies.FourWorld Capital Issues Results of Independent Analysis of Flotek Industries ... - PR Newswire '
p4
aS"Open Letter To Flotek's CEO, John Chisholm Seeking Alpha - Dec 27, 2016 A follow-up to our &quot;Drilling Down To Zero&quot; article, in response to Flotek's recently released 8K. MHA acknowledged all of the criticism that we leveled at their three CnF reports.Flotek Refutes Study Findings, Says Oilfield is Biggest Lab - Rigzone"
p5
aS"Flotek Industries CEO to Present at IPAA's Oil &amp; Gas Investment Symposium PR Newswire  - Mar 30, 2017 In the oil and gas sector, Flotek serves large and independent energy producers and oilfield service companies, both domestic and international."
p6
aS'FourWorld Capital Urges Investors In Flotek Industries To Raise Key Questions ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Flotek failed to present data supporting benefit of its fracking additive CnFin face of critical research issued by FourWorld.Flotek Industries, Inc.  Shares Bought by Barrow Hanley Mewhinney ... - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS"Flotek Industries CEO to Present at Young Jewish Presidents' CEO Forum Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 HOUSTON, March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Flotek Industries, Inc.  Chief Executive Officer, President &amp; Chairman of the Board John W. Chisholm will be a featured speaker at the Young Jewish Presidents' CEO Forum in New York on Thursday, March&nbsp;...Why to Keeping Eye on Flotek Industries, Inc. , Northwest Bancshares, Inc ... - StockNewsJournalThe Way Wall Street Experts See Flotek Industries, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p8
aS"Flotek Industries'  CEO John Chisholm on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 11, 2017 Good morning and welcome to the Flotek Industries Inc. Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode."
p9
aS'Photos: Houston chemical co. unveils new facility, plans to hire Houston Business Journal - Oct 27, 2016 Houston-based Flotek Industries Inc. , which makes chemicals used in fracking, has relocated 60 employees from The Woodlands to its new sleek $17 million research center in Northwest Houston.'
p10
a.