(lp0
S"Better Buy: AT&amp;T Inc. vs. Frontier Communications Corp. Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 The past few days have been utterly painful for shareholders of Frontier Communications . After analysts called the company's dividend into question, shares have fallen sharply -- and they have lost almost half of their value since just ...Why Frontier Communications Corp , Freeport-McMoRan Inc  and G-III ... - Investorplace.comStock in Limelight: Frontier Communications Corp  - Post Registrar"
p1
aS"Why Frontier Communications Corp. Plunged Today Motley Fool - Mar 22, 2017 Goldman analyst Brett Feldman said that Frontier's generous dividend policy doesn't look sustainable in the long run, and recalculated his models with an expectation of zero dividends after the already-declared first quarter of 2017.Frontier Communications: A Ray Of Hope Flickers - Seeking AlphaFrontier Communications Corp : This 20% Yield Will Vanish  - Investorplace.com"
p2
aS'Why Frontier Communications Corp. Fell 11% Today Motley Fool - Feb 28, 2017 On the upside, Frontier expects to double or triple its free cash flows in 2017, compared to the $316 million seen in this report for the full fiscal year of 2016.Why Frontier Communications  Is Tanking Today - Investorplace.comFrontier Communications: Implosion - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS"Why Did Frontier Communications Corp. Lose 15% in February? Motley Fool - Mar 6, 2017 The fourth quarter was the third since Frontier spent $10.54 billion acquiring Verizon's former wireline properties in California, Texas, and Florida .Bear of the Day: Frontier Communications Corp  - Zacks.comFrontier Communications Corp  Fails To Extend Initial Rally Of Week - Journal Transcript"
p4
aS'Frontier Communications Corp  Upgraded to &quot;Strong-Buy&quot; at Vetr Inc. The Cerbat Gem - 6 hours ago Frontier Communications Corp logo Frontier Communications Corp  was upgraded by investment analysts at Vetr from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating in a report released on Monday.Brokerages Set Frontier Communications Corp  PT at $3.20 - BBNSFrontier Communications Corp  Downgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc to &quot;Sell&quot; - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS'Better Buy: Frontier Communications Corp. vs. Sprint Motley Fool - Jan 19, 2017 Frontier has a problem in that it does not really have a differentiated product from the bigger cable and internet providers.'
p6
aS'Better Buy: Frontier Communications Corp vs. T-Mobile US Inc Motley Fool - Nov 18, 2016 Two of the smaller players in the telecom space are Frontier Communications  and T-Mobile . Not being members of the American duopoly of Verizon and AT&amp;T -- whom together own 68% of U.S.'
p7
aS'Why Frontier Communications Corp. Got Hammered Motley Fool - Nov 2, 2016 Telecom company Frontier Communications Corp.  got hammered Wednesday, after the company released Q3 earnings after the market closed on Tuesday, including lower-than-expected sales and a widening loss.Frontier Communications  Reports In-Line Loss in Q3 - Yahoo FinanceFrontier cutting 1000 jobs; local impact unclear - Rochester Democrat and Chronicle'
p8
aS'Why Frontier Communications Corp. Fell 28% in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 5, 2017 The deal gave Frontier 3.3 million new voice subscribers, 2.1 million additional broadband subscriptions, and 1.2 million internet-based video service customers under the FiOS banner.'
p9
aS'Why Frontier Communications Corp. Fell 11.5% in August Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 Shares of Frontier Communications  dropped 11.5% in August 2016, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p10
a.