(lp0
S'Company Scope: Tracking Shares of Five Star Senior Living Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 11 hours ago Five Star Senior Living Inc.  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 5. The goal of the F-Score is to help locate companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p1
aS'What Makes Five Star Senior Living Inc  A Financially Strong Company, Is ... Simply Wall St - Apr 12, 2017 Despite low debt, for Five Star Senior Living to continue operations during a downturn, it needs a sound liquidity position.Five Star Quality Care, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p2
aS"Five Star Senior Living Announces Short Term Rehab Neighborhood Addition at ... Business Wire  - Nov 29, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare service providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced the completion of a&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Five Star Senior Living Opens New Memory Care Neighborhood at The Gardens of ... Business Wire  - Nov 28, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced the addition of&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"American Health Care Association Recognizes Four Five Star Senior Living ... Business Wire  - Jul 13, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Quality Care, Inc. , one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers which does business under the name Five Star Senior Living, today announced that four&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"UPDATED: Senior Star Co-Founders Blast Five Star Directors, Call for Shakeup Senior Housing News - Nov 7, 2016 Shareholders William Thomas and Robert Thomas, co-founders of Oklahoma-based senior housing owner and operator Senior Star, have penned a lengthy public letter to other Five Star shareholders in which they blast Five Star's governance and call for ..."
p6
aS"Five Star to Provide Outpatient Therapy in Competitors' Communities Senior Housing News - Mar 6, 2017 As part of its efforts, the Newton, Massachusetts-based company is exploring providing outpatient rehabilitation at senior living communities operated by providers unaffiliated with Five Star. The overall six-point plan includes: internal expansions ..."
p7
aS"American Health Care Association Recognizes Five Star Senior Living Communities Business Wire  - Jun 21, 2016 NEWTON, Mass.----Five Star Senior Living, one of the nation's leading senior living and healthcare services providers is pleased to acknowledge thirteen communities as National Quality Award Recipients by the American Health Care&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"How Five Star is Trying to Make Up for Lower Occupancy Senior Housing News - Nov 3, 2016 Facing occupancy challenges, Five Star Senior Living  is undertaking initiatives to drive revenue. These include expanding wellness and rehabilitation programs and decreasing the company's reliance on third-party referral sources that ...Ancillaries, initiatives help offset occupancy challenges at Five Star - McKnight's Senior Living"
p9
aS"Senior Star Blasts Five Star's Cozy REIT Relationship Senior Housing News - Jul 25, 2016 Five Star Quality Care was once a 100% owned subsidiary of Senior Housing Properties Trust, which remains the senior housing provider's largest shareholder. Both Newton, Massachusetts-based companies are also affiliated with holding company The&nbsp;..."
p10
a.