(lp0
S"Great Bear Resources  Advancing Exploration in BC's Golden Triangle Investing News Network    - Nov 30, 2016 Great Bear Resources  is a Canadian exploration company focused on advancing precious and base metals projects in two of the world's premiere mining jurisdictions."
p1
aS'Active Runner in Focus: Great Bear Resources Ltd  Sherwood Daily - Mar 9, 2017 Shares of Great Bear Resources Ltd  have seen the needle move 12.12% or $0.02 in the most recent session. The OTC listed company saw a recent bid of 0.1850 on 28000 volume.'
p2
aS'Northern Empire Strengthens Leadership Team Yahoo Finance - Mar 31, 2017 Mr. Scott has held senior management and board positions with a number of TSX Venture Exchange Issuers, and is currently CFO of Riverside Resources Inc. and Great Bear Resources Ltd. Senior Advisor to Board - Raymond Threlkeld has over 30 years of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Culina buys Great Bear to create 400m business Logistics Manager - Mar 1, 2016 Culina Group recognises that it is investing in a highly successful company with its own great spirit. Culina's aim now is to support our growth trajectory with the added workforce infrastructure and resources of the overall Group. The Great Bear ...Culina acquires Great Bear - SHD Logistics"
p4
aS'Best practices from the Great Bear Rainforest Agreement National Observer - Jan 5, 2017 This article is produced in partnership with Teck Resources Ltd., Tides Canada and Vancity Credit Union to highlight the stories, people, and history behind the Great Bear Rainforest conservation agreements. National Observer has full editorial control ...'
p5
aS'First Merchants Has Lowered Amerisource  Holding By $337038; New Concept ... High Point Observer - Apr 13, 2017 Great Bear Resources Ltd. is a Canada mineral exploration firm with interests in mineral properties in British Columbia and Quebec, Canada.'
p6
aS"William and Kate charm the Heiltsuk Nation in remote Canada rainforest Daily Mail - Sep 27, 2016 William and Kate ended their day by strolling through a wooded glade in the Great Bear Rainforest, as they made their way to a plaque unveiling ceremony that formally marked the natural wonder becoming part of the Queen's Commonwealth Canopy&nbsp;...Canada royal tour 2016 recap: Prince William and Kate Middleton visit ... - Mirror.co.ukCanada can't wait to say hello to Princess Charlotte - Hamilton Spectator"
p7
aS"Which stocks will protect you from a FTSE 100 meltdown? Motley Fool UK - Mar 9, 2017 Sooner or later there'll be a sharp correction  or, less frequently, a bear market - a prolonged fall in excess of 20%."
p8
aS'History of the Post WWII Crude Oil Price From a Technical Perspective The Market Oracle - 20 hours ago This section gives a review of the oil price from 1946 to present explaining the essential forces which powered its price through various bull and bear markets. It explains how we ended up ... The US after all was supposed to be anchoring the USD to a ...'
p9
aS"Taking on the big boys Logistics Manager - Feb 3, 2017 SMEs function on a much smaller scale, and often with limited resource when compared to their larger competitors, says Kiel Harkness, UPS' marketing director ."
p10
a.