(lp0
S'Why Everi Holdings Inc Stock Is Surging Today Motley Fool - Apr 10, 2017 Shares of Everi Holdings Inc  are trading higher by about 17% as of 10:45 a.m. EDT Monday after the company released its preliminary first-quarter 2017 results and announced it is seeking to refinance some of its outstanding debt.Everi Holdings Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... - Market ExclusiveEveri Holdings Announces Proposed Refinancing of Senior Secured Notes and ... - GlobeNewswire '
p1
aS"Why Everi Holdings  Could Be Positioned for a Surge? Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 Everi Holdings Inc. EVRI is a provider of video and mechanical reel gaming content and technology solutions, integrated gaming payment solutions, and compliance and efficiency software solutions that could be an interesting play for investors.Momentum Builds on Everi Holdings Inc  - The Oracle DispatchToday's Brokerage Rating: Everi Holdings Inc. , EP Energy Corporation  - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS'Can The Uptrend Continue for Everi Holdings ? Yahoo Finance - Mar 24, 2017 Investors certainly have to be happy with Everi Holdings Inc EVRI and its short term performance. After all, the stock has jumped by 32.9% in the past 4 weeks, and it is also above its 20 Day Simple Moving Average as well.'
p3
aS'Price Alert: Everi Holdings Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Price Alert: Everi Holdings Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p4
aS'Everi Holdings Inc.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Apr 12, 2017 Everi Holdings Inc., formerly Global Cash Access Holdings, Inc., is a holding company. The Company operates through subsidiaries, including Everi Games Holding Inc. and Everi Payments Inc. It provides video and mechanical reel gaming content and&nbsp;...Trending Stock in Review: Everi Holdings Inc.  - StandardOracleRenaissance Technologies LLC Boosts Stake in Everi Holdings Inc  - Sports Perspectives'
p5
aS"ilani Selects Comprehensive Portfolio of Everi Payments and Games Solutions GlobeNewswire  - Mar 31, 2017 LAS VEGAS, March 31, 2017  -- Everi Holdings Inc.  , the casino gaming industry's only single source provider of innovative games and leading payments solutions, announced today that it will&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"What Does The Chart For Everi Holdings Inc.  Tell Us Presently? NY Stock News - Apr 11, 2017 Everi Holdings Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p7
aS"Looking for a Top Momentum Stock? 3 Reasons Why Everi Holdings  is a ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 This method discovered several great candidates for momentum-oriented investors, but today let's focus in on Everi Holdings Inc. EVRI as this stock is looking especially impressive right now. And while there are numerous ways in which this company ..."
p8
aS'Everi Holdings Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Apr 6, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Everi Holdings Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.Everi Holdings Inc  Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemTraders Watch List: Everi Holdings Inc.  - TRA'
p9
aS'What are analysts saying now about Everi Holdings Inc ? The Herald - Apr 15, 2017 Out of the 3 covering analysts offering stock ratings for Everi Holdings Inc , 3 have shares pegged a Strong Buy while 0 analysts have the stock marked a Buy.ARCHER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. is the biggest holder of Everi Holdings Inc ... - Post AnalystEveri Holdings  Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.56 - Markets Daily'
p10
a.