(lp0
S'Granite City Food Buys 5 Cadillac Ranch All American Bar Restaurants Private Equity Hub  - Feb 2, 2012 Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd.  recently announced that it has completed the purchase of the assets of five Cadillac Ranch All American Bar &amp; Grill restaurants, in Bloomington, Minnesota; Miami, Florida; Oxon Hill, Maryland; Annapolis,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Granite City Food &amp; Brewery is looking for sale, merger or other deal Minneapolis Star Tribune - Feb 17, 2015 Robert Doran, Granite City's CEO, did not return calls for comment. Granite City Food &amp; Brewery is a casual dining chain that brews its own beer and has 31 locations in 13 states, including outlets in Maple Grove, Eagan, Roseville and St. Louis Park ...Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. Up For Sale or Merger - WJON NewsGranite City Food &amp; Brewery is for sale - St. Cloud Times"
p2
aS"Former McDonald's Executive VP Will Make Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Golden Seeking Alpha - Apr 25, 2013 Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. develops and operates two casual dining concepts: Granite City Food &amp; Brewery and Cadillac Ranch All American Bar &amp; Grill."
p3
aS"Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Promotes Letha Kunshier to Vice President of Human ... Brewbound.com - Jan 13, 2017 MINNEAPOLIS - Granite City Food &amp; Brewery has promoted Letha Kunshier to vice president, human resources. Kunshier previously served as the company's senior director of human resources."
p4
aS'Boelter Beverage Announces Rebranding Partnership with Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Brewbound.com - Jul 30, 2014 Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. develops and operates two casual dining concepts: Granite City Food &amp; Brewery and Cadillac Ranch All American Bar &amp; Grill.'
p5
aS'Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Announces New CEO Brewbound.com - Aug 31, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS - Granite City Food &amp; Brewery announced today that Phil Costner has been appointed as the CEO of Granite City Food &amp; Brewery and Cadillac Ranch All American Bar &amp; Grill. Costner joined Granite City in July to replace Rob Doran who is&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Granite City Food &amp; Brewery rolls into Ren Cen The Detroit News - Feb 4, 2016 As downtown Detroit's workforce and residency numbers continue to swell, places for people to dine and hang out have followed suit.Granite City Food &amp; Brewery set to open in RenCen today - Crain's Detroit BusinessLook Inside the RenCen's Gargantuan Granite City Food &amp; Brewery - Eater Detroit "
p7
aS'Granite City Food &amp; Brewery to open in Northville The Oakland Press - Apr 1, 2015 Granite City Food and Brewery Ltd is opening in Northville on Wednesday, April 8. The St. Cloud, Minn.-based restaurant and brew-pub will open its 33rd location in the Northville Park Place development on the southwest corner of Haggerty and Seven Mile&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Granite City Food &amp; Brewery to open in RenCen Crain's Detroit Business - Nov 13, 2014 A Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. restaurant is set open in the Renaissance Center next October. The downtown Detroit restaurant will have 16,000 square feet of space inside the region's largest office complex and a 1,000-square-foot outdoor patio ...Granite City Brewery chain comes to Ren Cen - The Detroit News"
p9
aS"Granite City to debut brand's new menu when it opens in RenCen in February Crain's Detroit Business - Jan 4, 2016 With two successful locations in southeast Michigan - West Big Beaver in Troy, which opened three years ago, and Seven Mile and Haggerty roads in Northville that opened last year - Dean said Minneapolis-based Granite City Food &amp; Brewery Ltd. was&nbsp;..."
p10
a.