(lp0
S"General Electric's 1Q17: Are Analysts' Revenue Estimates Right? Market Realist - 19 hours ago Analysts expect General Electric  to achieve revenue of $26.4 billion in 1Q17. On a year-over-year  basis, this represents a fall of 5.8%.General Electric Co  Closes 0.27% Up on the Day for April 17 - Equities.comGeneral Electric Company  has a 52-Week High of $32.24 - StandardOracle"
p1
aS'General Electric earnings: What to expect Yahoo Finance - 21 hours ago General Electric Co. is scheduled to release its first-quarter earnings report on April 21, before the market opens. Will the industrial conglomerate disappoint investors as it has in the past five quarterly reports?'
p2
aS'Graybill Bartz &amp; Assoc Ltd Buys General Electric Co, United Technologies, Legg ... GuruFocus.com - 15 hours ago Elmhurst, IL, based Investment company Graybill Bartz &amp; Assoc Ltd buys General Electric Co, United Technologies, Legg Mason, Abbott Laboratories, sells United Rentals, Fiserv, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of Americaoration, Hospitality Properties Trust during&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'General Electric Company Earnings Preview: Why This Quarter Is So Important Motley Fool - Apr 13, 2017 The next few quarters are extremely important for the investment thesis for General Electric Company . The stock has significantly underperformed the S&amp;P 500 and the industrial sector over the last year or so amid fears that the company might ...Analyst Activity  Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Buy on General Electric ... - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS"As General Electric upgrades factories closing the 'skills gap' is a top concern CNBC - Apr 6, 2017 GE has been on the trend's forefront, which analysts say is still too nascent to have a meaningful impact on earnings. But the company has been investing billions of dollars to develop this, coining the clunky term &quot;Industrial Internet of Things&quot; and ..."
p5
aS"General Electric may sell division that makes lightbulbs CNBC - Apr 5, 2017 Thomas Edison may have co-founded General Electric, but that doesn't mean the massive conglomerate isn't interested in selling its consumer-lighting division, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal.General Electric: Is This A Potential Lights Out Deal? - Seeking AlphaThe world has moved on from Thomas Edison's incandescent lightbulbsand so ... - Quartz"
p6
aS'Arca Capital Group asks EC to investigate public support for General Electric POLITICO.eu - Apr 12, 2017 On March 31, 2017, the Arca Capital Group lodged a complaint at the European Commission about a public support provided to the General Electric  Group that was not allowed. This was in connection with the purchase of part of the company Agrobanka&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'One Put, One Call Option To Know About for General Electric Nasdaq - 16 hours ago Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is General Electric Co . So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from ...'
p8
aS"General Electric: Immelt Has An Ace Up His Sleeve Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 General Electric  and Baker Hughes  recently updated investors on assumptions for the new company that will be created by merging General Electric's energy business with Baker Hughes."
p9
aS"General Electric: Lights Out Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 General Electric's  struggling share price has stirred up activist investor Nelson Peltz, again. Peltz's Trian Partners got involved with GE in 2015 with a &quot;friendly&quot; intention. Its chart over the last half decade is enticing, but it's still ..."
p10
a.