(lp0
S'Why The GEO Group Inc. Stock Bounced Back Today Motley Fool - Aug 19, 2016 What: Shares of The GEO Group Inc.  were surging today after plummeting yesterday on news that the federal government would stop using private prisons.CORRECTING and REPLACING The GEO Group Comments on Department of Justice ... - Business Wire The GEO Group Inc , Corrections Corp of America  Crumble on DoJ ... - Investorplace.com'
p1
aS'The GEO Group Inc  Given Average Recommendation of &quot;Buy&quot; by Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago The GEO Group logo The GEO Group Inc  has earned a consensus recommendation of Buy from the six research firms that are covering the firm.Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect The GEO Group  Stock Price - Markets Daily'
p2
aS'The GEO Group: More Room To Run Seeking Alpha - Jan 23, 2017 While multiple sectors have outperformed the broader market in the Trump Rally, one of the biggest winners has been The GEO Group , a private-prison focused REIT that is up almost 70% since November 8. The basic rationale is that a Trump&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'The Geo Group: A Victory Lap Is Well Deserved Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Private prison company The Geo Group, Inc.  has doubled its valuation since August 2016 as investor sentiment turned 180 on the back of the election of Donald Trump as 45th president of the U.S.ICE Private Prison Facing Lawsuit For Ignoring Anti-Slavery Law - Care2.com'
p4
aS'The Geo Group: An 11% Yield Income Play Seeking Alpha - Aug 26, 2016 One company has recently caught my attention, but it is not the most attractive income vehicle, on first glance. The company I am talking about is The Geo Group , a private prison business that has fallen on hard times last week. I am ...'
p5
aS'The GEO group acquires Community Education Centers Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Community Education Centers is a private provider of rehabilitative services for offenders in reentry and in-prison treatment facilities.The GEO Group Inc  Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance - The Cerbat GemPrivate prison operator announces $360M acquisition - South Florida Business Journal'
p6
aS"BRIEF-The Geo Group Inc announces pricing of offering of common stock Reuters - Mar 8, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'The GEO Group, Inc. Announces Pricing of Offering of Common Stock Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 BOCA RATON, Fla.----The GEO Group, Inc.   announced today that it has priced its previously announced underwritten public offering of 6,000,000 shares of its common stock at $41.75 per share.'
p8
aS'The GEO Group Awarded Contract for the Development and Operation of a New ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 13, 2017 The GEO Group   announced today that it has been awarded a contract by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  for the development and operation of a new $110 million, company-owned 1,000-bed Detention Facility &nbsp;...The GEO Group Inc  Stake Raised by Credit Agricole S A - The Cerbat GemThe GEO Group Inc  Receives Average Rating of &quot;Buy&quot; from Analysts - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'The GEO Group Closes $360 Million Acquisition of Community Education Centers Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 The GEO Group, Inc.  , a fully integrated equity real estate investment trust  specializing in the design, financing, development, and operation of correctional, detention, and community reentry facilities around the globe and a ...The GEO Group Inc  Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity - The Cerbat GemFoundry Partners LLC Lowers Position in The GEO Group Inc  - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.