(lp0
S'Investor Wire: Keeping an Eye on Geospace Technologies Corporation  Baxter Review - 12 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for Geospace Technologies Corporation . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled&nbsp;...Geospace Technologies Co.  Stake Maintained by State Board of ... - Markets DailyShort Interest in Geospace Technologies Co.  Expands By 6.3% - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Is Geospace Technologies Corp Destined for Greatness? Motley Fool - Jul 9, 2014 While this might be so, investors should consider the fact that Geospace is also possibly the most expensive stock in the oil and gas technology sector on a price to free cash flow basis, and it also boasts one of the weakest forward growth rates in a ...'
p2
aS"Geospace Technologies'  CEO Walter Wheeler on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 Welcome to the Geospace Technologies First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Hosting the call today from Geospace is Mr. Rick Wheeler, President and Chief Executive Officer."
p3
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Geospace Technologies Corporation Price ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Geospace Technologies Corporation  has seen its stock price whip around at a notable high level.'
p4
aS"Why Geospace Technologies Corp  Is Plummeting TheStreet.com - Mar 21, 2014 NEW YORK  -- Geospace Technologies Corp  plunged over Friday's session after notifying the SEC an order it expected to deliver in its third quarter had been postponed."
p5
aS"Geospace Technologies'  CEO Rick Wheeler on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 17, 2016 Welcome to the Geospace Technologies Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Hosting the call today from Geospace is Mr. Rick Wheeler, President and Chief Executive Officer."
p6
aS"Geospace Technologies Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Geospace Technologies Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.32% to close at $15.61.Analyst mean rating stands at 3.00 while Geospace Technologies Corporation's ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p7
aS'Option Market Alert: Geospace Technologies Corporation Implied Price Swing ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Geospace Technologies Corporation  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p8
aS'Geospace Technologies - A Real Value Investment In A Difficult Market Seeking Alpha - Jan 27, 2016 Geospace Technologies  is the undisputed leading provider of designing and manufacturing equipment used in the oil and gas industry to acquire seismic data in order to locate, characterize and monitor hydrocarbon producing reservoirs.'
p9
aS"5 Things Geospace Technologies' Management Wants You to Know Motley Fool - Aug 31, 2015 With so much of Geospace's prospects and the overall offshore market up in the air, the company's management took some time during its recent conference call to explain to investors and analysts what it's seeing today."
p10
a.