(lp0
S'Genomic Health, Inc. Swings to a Profit Motley Fool - Feb 15, 2017 Genomic Health  swung to a profit in the fourth quarter on the back of solid revenue growth and expects to have another productive year in 2017 as the company continues to increase reimbursement for its genetic tests.Why Genomic Health Inc. Jumped Higher Today - Fox Business'
p1
aS"Genomic Health, Inc. Earnings: Waiting for  Reimbursement Motley Fool - May 11, 2016 Kim Popovits, Genomic Health's chairman, CEO, and president, hinted that there might be a backlog of prostate cancer tests that the company hasn't reported yet: &quot;We are only reporting tests delivered, so we're not reporting tests ordered but tests ..."
p2
aS"Genomic Health, Inc.: Almost at Breakeven Motley Fool - Nov 3, 2016 2015, that validated the company's invasive breast cancer test and reaccelerated growth of the test. The number of prostate cancer tests delivered increased 6% year over year, which isn't that great for an up-and-coming test, but Genomic Health has a ..."
p3
aS"Genomic Health, Inc. Eyes Profitability Motley Fool - Feb 11, 2016 Phillip Febbo, Genomic Health's chief medical officer, gave an overview of the company's Oncotype SEQ liquid biopsy test that's scheduled to launch in the middle of this year, &quot;This test is a blood-based mutation panel that uses next-generation ...Genomic Health Announces 2016 Financial Outlook and Provides 2015 Fourth ... - PR Newswire "
p4
aS'Short Interest in Genomic Health, Inc.  Drops By 23.1% The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Genomic Health logo Genomic Health, Inc.  was the recipient of a significant decline in short interest during the month of March.Steven Shak Sells 5000 Shares of Genomic Health, Inc.  Stock - BBNS'
p5
aS"Genomic Health and Epic Sciences Announce Strategic Collaboration to Deliver ... PR Newswire  - Jul 7, 2016 REDWOOD CITY, Calif. and SAN DIEGO, July 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Genomic Health, Inc.  and Epic Sciences, Inc. today announced an exclusive agreement to commercialize Epic Sciences' novel AR-V7 liquid biopsy test in the United&nbsp;...Genomic Health to Market Epic Sciences' AR-V7 Liquid Biopsy Test - GenomeWeb"
p6
aS"Genomic Health's GPS Predicts Metastatic Prostate Cancer Zacks.com - Mar 30, 2017 Genomic Health, Inc.  , a global cancer company, recently unveiled positive results regarding Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score .New Research Shows Oncotype DX Breast Cancer Test Helps Reduce Burden of ... - Canada NewsWire Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 805 Shares of Genomic Health, Inc.  - Chaffey Breeze"
p7
aS"Genomic Health  Up 2.1% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Genomic Health, Inc. GHDX. Shares have added about 2.1% in that time frame, outperforming the market.Genomic Health's Cancer Test Business Strong, Expenses High - Zacks.com"
p8
aS"Genomic Health's Breast Recurrence Test Data Encouraging Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Genomic Health, Inc. GHDX, a leading molecular diagnostics company, recently presented results from 15 Oncotype DX Breast Recurrence Score studies.Wall Street Stories: Genomic Health, Inc. , Audentes Therapeutics ... - Benchmark MonitorNew Analyst Ratings On Genomic Health, Inc.  - NewsDen"
p9
aS'Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Continues to Hold Stake in Genomic Health ... BNB Daily  - Apr 16, 2017 Genomic Health logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY continued to hold its position in shares of Genomic Health, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 13 ...-$0.05 EPS Expected for Genomic Health, Inc.  This Quarter - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.