(lp0
S"Why Gilead Sciences Could Be a Gold Mine for Value Investors Motley Fool - Apr 16, 2017 Gilead Sciences  stock is certainly trading well below where it has in the past. Is the biotech's market cap lower than what the company should really be worth? There's a pretty good case to be made that Gilead could be a gold mine for ...Gilead Sciences Inc. Posted gains of 0.44% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverWhat Analyst Recommend About this Stock? Gilead Sciences Inc.  - StandardOracle"
p1
aS'Everything You Need to Know Ahead of Gilead Sciences, Inc.  Q1:17 Earnings Smarter Analyst - Apr 13, 2017 Gilead Sciences, Inc.  hepatitis C franchise will again be in the spotlight when the pharmaceutical giant reports first-quarter earnings, scheduled for May 2, after the markets close.'
p2
aS"The Best-Case Scenario for Gilead Sciences, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 24, 2017 Gilead Sciences surprised many observers with a dismal outlook for hepatitis C virus  drug sales in 2017. The company hasn't been able to answer an all-important question: When will HCV sales stabilize? I don't know the answer to that question ...What to Expect from Gilead Sciences, Inc.  Amid M&amp;A Buzz and Upcoming ... - Smarter AnalystGilead defended at Jefferies - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'Gilead And Intellia Therapeutics A Natural Fit Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 There has been no shortage of analysts, investors, and arm-chair quarterbacks weighing in on what Gilead Sciences  should do to spur revenue growth and strengthen their pipeline.'
p4
aS'Gilead Sciences: The Company Did Exactly As Promised Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2017 Gilead  has been under fire from investors in recent years due to poor performance of its stock. The company invented a cure for hepatitis C, which helped millions of people around the world. Because hepatitis C patients who are cured do ...Credit Suisse On Gilead Sciences, Inc.  - Smrt Stck Nws'
p5
aS'Gilead Sciences, Inc.  Makes It Very Clear Through These Technicals NY Stock News - 21 hours ago The technicals for Gilead Sciences, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p6
aS'Throwing In The Towel On Gilead Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 Elon Musk Is Right: Buy Ford Instead Of Tesla. Cash-Centered Creep  Apr. 13, 2017 11:02 AM ET &middot; Jonathan Faison. Gilead Sciences: A Core Buy In Biotech With Several Potential Value Drivers. Jonathan Faison  Apr. 11, 2017 5:06 AM ET &middot; Out of Ignorance.Stable Stock: Gilead Sciences Inc.  - StandardOracleGilead Sciences Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with the Change ... - Free Observer'
p7
aS'Selling Fear: Why Gilead Puts Look Good Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 The Market Fear Index  has spiked  over the last several trading days, and we believe it presents an outstanding opportunity to pick up some extra income.'
p8
aS'Gilead: The ContraVir Call Option Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 Gilead Sciences  has been a beacon of hope for individuals with life threatening viruses such has Hepatitis C or AIDS.'
p9
aS"Gilead Will Create Significant Shareholder Wealth Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2017 Gilead Sciences  has wandered back down into the $60s territory, which offers what I view as a strong buy opportunity for value investors.Today's Research Reports on Top Biotech Stocks: Gilead Sciences and Celgene - Yahoo FinanceM&amp;A Wheels Spin for Gilead Sciences, Inc. , KOLs Pave the Way for Big ... - Smarter Analyst"
p10
a.