(lp0
S'The General Mills, Inc.  Shares Sold by Boston Family Office LLC Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of GIS. Concert Wealth Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of General Mills by 7.1% in the second quarter. Concert Wealth Management Inc. now owns 23,279 shares of the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'General Mills: Good Time To Buy? Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 Recently, several big food companies have appeared on my stock screeners and on Custom Stock Alerts due to their recently falling stock prices and proximity to their 52-week lows.General Mills, Inc.  Upgraded to &quot;Hold&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemBKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $210000 Position in General Mills, Inc.  - BNB Daily '
p2
aS"General Mills Inc. Sees Revenue Decline for a Seventh Straight Quarter Motley Fool - Mar 24, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, the team breaks down the latest quarterly results from General Mills . Though it may not be a flashy, high-growth stock, the company's broad portfolio of popular brands has made it a winner for many investors."
p3
aS"General Mills hits seventh straight sales drop, and investors look for turning ... Minneapolis Star Tribune - Mar 21, 2017 Sales fell more than expected again at General Mills Inc., threatening the company's ability to maintain a profit drive that bolstered its market value and held off potential buyers.General Mills: Only A Buy If... - Seeking AlphaGeneral Mills' inability to cut prices eats into sales - Reuters"
p4
aS'General Mills, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for April 06, 2017 Nasdaq - Apr 5, 2017 General Mills, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on April 06, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.48 per share is scheduled to be paid on May 01, 2017.Ex-Dividend Reminder: General Mills, Universal and McCormick - ForbesGeneral Mills, Inc. closed with a change of -0.29% in the Previous Trading Session - Free Observer'
p5
aS'Buy General Mills On The Pullback? Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 Any time a blue chip company pulls back, I like to give that company a look. Often times I find a good reason to pick these names up on weakness.Analysts Bite General Mills, Downgrade to Hold - InvestopediaInvestment Research Analysis On: General Mills, Inc.  - StandardOracle'
p6
aS'8th Circuit sends General Mills age bias case to arbitration Reuters - 11 hours ago A U.S. appeals court has sent age discrimination claims by nearly three dozen former General Mills Inc employees to individual arbitration, rejecting their allegations that a waiver they signed was invalid.'
p7
aS"Earnings Preview: What To Expect From General Mills On Tuesday Forbes - Mar 19, 2017 General Mills Inc. is scheduled to report earnings before Tuesday's open. The stock hit a record high of $72.95 a share in 2016 and is currently trading near $60/share."
p8
aS"Fitch revises General Mills outlook to 'negative' Food Business News  - Apr 10, 2017 CHICAGO - Fitch Ratings on April 7 revised its outlook for Minneapolis-based General Mills, Inc. to negative from stable, reflecting what it sees as the potential risk for General Mills if the company is unable to stabilize revenue and grow EBITDA ...Can General Mills turn around its 'negative' rating from Fitch? - Food Dive"
p9
aS"Amazon courts General Mills and others in attempt to circumvent Target and ... Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Mar 31, 2017 Amazon.com Inc. has invited some of the world's biggest brands, such as General Mills Inc.., to its Seattle headquarters in an attempt to convince the companies to start shipping products through online orders.Amazon Wants Cheerios, Oreos and Other Brands to Bypass Wal-Mart - BloombergShould Wal-Mart Investors Be Concerned That Amazon Invited Food Execs To Its ... - Benzinga"
p10
a.