(lp0
S'Market: The BlackRock Institutional Trust Company NA Acquires 7638 Shares of G ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in G&amp;K Services by 2.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 28,915 shares of the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Merger News Sends Cintas Corporation and G&amp;K Services Inc Soaring Today Motley Fool - Aug 16, 2016 So what: The merger transaction values G&amp;K Services at $2.2 billion, including the assumption of debt. However, while Cintas is paying a pretty hefty premium to acquire the company, it believes the deal will be accretive to earnings per share in the ...Cintas Corp. to Acquire G&amp;K Services Inc. - American Laundry NewsTwin Cities uniform-rental giant G&amp;K Services sold to Cintas for $2.2B - Minneapolis Star Tribune'
p2
aS'Cintas Corporation Completes Acquisition of G&amp;K Services, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Cintas Corporation  announced today that it completed the previously announced acquisition of G&amp;K Services, Inc.  for approximately $2.2 billion, including acquired net debt. G&amp;K Services shareholders previously voted to approve ...Cintas Completes G&amp;K Buyout to Boost Services Capabilities - Nasdaq'
p3
aS'Cintas Says All Regulatory Consents For G&amp;K Services Acquisition Received Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017  - Corporate uniform supplier Cintas Corp.  said it has received all necessary regulatory consents relating to the acquisition of G&amp;K Services, Inc. , with no divestiture requirements. The transaction is expected to close on ...Cintas Corporation Announces Regulatory Approval for the Acquisition of G&amp;K ... - Yahoo FinanceG&amp;K Services, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS'G&amp;K Services: Merger Update Seeking Alpha - Aug 19, 2016 Cintas Corporation reached a definitive merger agreement with G&amp;K Services on August 16, 2016, for a price tag of $2.2 billion.Ryan &amp; Maniskas, LLP Announces Investigation of G&amp;K Services Inc. - PR Newswire Cintas Acquires G&amp;K Services - Advertising Specialty Institute '
p5
aS"G&amp;K Services Shareholders Approve Merger with Cintas Business Wire  - Nov 15, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS----G&amp;K Services, Inc.  today announced that, based on preliminary voting results from its annual meeting of shareholders held earlier today, the company's shareholders have approved the proposed merger&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"G&amp;K Services Has A Bright Future Ahead Seeking Alpha - Jan 20, 2015 G&amp;K's  share value has gone up by 7% in a year. The company is a service-focused market leader of branded uniform and facility-services programs. It provides high quality brand-apparel services, and variety of facility products including ..."
p7
aS'G&amp;K Services Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results Business Wire  - Jan 31, 2017 MINNEAPOLIS----G&amp;K Services, Inc.  today reported operating results for the second quarter of its fiscal year 2017, which ended on December 31, 2016.'
p8
aS'G&amp;K Services Partners with Hope Chest in Annual Workforce for a Cure Campaign Business Wire  - Oct 12, 2015 MINNEAPOLIS----G&amp;K Services, Inc. , a leading provider of branded uniform and facility services programs, announced the launch of its annual GKdirect Workforce for a Cure campaign to support Breast Cancer Awareness&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'BRIEF-G&amp;K Services shareholders approve merger with Cintas Reuters - Nov 15, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO, April 13 The longevity of the technology stocks rally is on the line next week as Netflix Inc kicks off the earnings season for a sector that has mushroomed to account for more than a fifth of the U.S.'
p10
a.