(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Global Partners LP  is Beating Tsakos Energy ... CML News - Mar 23, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Global Partners LP  versus Tsakos Energy Navigation Limited  .'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Global Partners LP  versus Green Plains Partners LP ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Global Partners LP  versus Green Plains Partners LP  .Brokerages Set Global Partners LP  Price Target at $18.60 - Community Financial News'
p2
aS'Global Partners LP  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Apr 4, 2017 Global Partners logo Global Partners LP  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a strong-buy rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday.Earnings Estimates Moving Higher for Global Partners : Time to Buy? April ... - Zacks.com'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Capital Product Partners LP  versus Global ... CML News - Apr 7, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Capital Product Partners L.P.  versus Global Partners LP  .'
p4
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: Global Partners LP Price Volatility Hits An ... CML News - Mar 21, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Global Partners LP  has seen its stock price whip around at a notable high level.'
p5
aS'Wall Street Consensus Watch on Global Partners LP  Rockville Register - Apr 14, 2017 Covering research analysts have taken a stance on where they see Global Partners LP  moving in the future. According to Thomson Reuters, analysts are projecting a consensus target price of $19.80 on company stock.'
p6
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Global Partners LP  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Apr 8, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Global Partners LP  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p7
aS'Global Partners Lp fourth-quarter loss widens on a YOY basis Myiris.com - Apr 10, 2017 Eric Slifka, President and chief executive officer of Global Partners, said, &quot;During 2016, we successfully positioned Global for continued growth and profitability by executing on the strategic actions we outlined a year ago. Our plan included cutting ...Global Partners LP  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold from Analysts - Markets Daily'
p8
aS'The Global Partners LP  Price Target Raised to $25.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Petro Global News 24 - Apr 16, 2017 Several other equities analysts have also commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Global Partners from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Monday, October 10th.Global Partners LP  Stake Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC - Markets DailyStock Watch Near-Term: Global Partners LP  - Rockville Register'
p9
aS'Price Alert: Global Partners LP  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Apr 10, 2017 Price Alert: Global Partners LP  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p10
a.