(lp0
S"10 Things You Didn't Know About Corning Incorporated Motley Fool - Apr 15, 2017 But it's about that time again; Corning is set to release its first-quarter 2017 results later this month. In the meantime, I think now is a perfect opportunity to dig in and get to know Corning a little better, from its storied history to what ...Pinnacle Bank Invests $136000 in Corning Incorporated  - The Cerbat GemStifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Hold Rating for Corning Incorporated  - Sports Perspectives"
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates Hold on Corning Incorporated ... Market Exclusive - Apr 12, 2017 Today, Stifel Nicolaus reiterated its Hold rating on Corning Incorporated  with a price target of $26.00. There are 1 sell rating, 10 hold ratings, 5 buy ratings on the stock.This Is What The Chart For Corning Incorporated  Is Showing Today - NY Stock NewsCorning Incorporated closed with a change of -0.07% in the Previous Trading ... - Free Observer'
p2
aS"Corning Incorporated  Makes A Compelling Case Via Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Corning Incorporated  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics."
p3
aS'Corning Incorporated  And The Naked Truth Exposed In Its Technicals NY Stock News - Apr 3, 2017 Corning Incorporated  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p4
aS"Corning Incorporated : Are analysts right about the Drop in earnings? Simply Wall St - Mar 30, 2017 Analysts covering Corning Incorporated  are predicting the earnings to drop -56.4% in years' time. What are the important facts you need to know?Hot Stock Update: Corning Inc.  - HugoPressCorning Incorporated  Shares Bought by Searle &amp; CO. - Sports Perspectives"
p5
aS'Stock Numbers: Checking on Shares of Corning Incorporated  Benton Bulletin - 21 hours ago Corning Incorporated  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 7. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p6
aS"Top Stocks of the day: Corning Incorporated : GLW The News Journal - Apr 16, 2017 With its total market value of the company's outstanding shares, the market cap of Corning Incorporated  in today's trade was 24399.69."
p7
aS'Corning Incorporated first quarter conference call Automotive World  - Mar 29, 2017 Corning Incorporated  expects to release its first quarter financial results prior to the open of the NYSE on Tuesday, April 25, 2017.Corning Incorporated  Stake Lowered by Lincluden Management Ltd. - The Cerbat GemStock Showing Surging Activity: Corning Inc.  - HugoPress'
p8
aS'Corning and PrecisionHawk Equip Researchers with a Platform for Collecting ... PR Newswire  - Apr 12, 2017 RALEIGH, N.C., April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- PrecisionHawk, a provider of advanced commercial drone technologies, today announced it will collaborate with Corning Incorporated  to sell the Corning microHSI 410-SHARK hyperspectral&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Analyst Downgrades  Corning Incorporated  Stock Gets Downgraded By ... Market Exclusive - Mar 31, 2017 Today, Corning Incorporated  stock was downgraded by Citigroup Inc from Buy to Neutral with a price target of $29.00.Corning Incorporated  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 31 - Equities.comAmerican National Insurance Co. TX Continues to Hold Position in Corning ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.