(lp0
S"Stage Stores will take over at least 50 Gordmans stores KETV Omaha - Mar 30, 2017 First, I am humbled by, as well as deeply grateful for, the outpouring of support I have received over the last two weeks from hundreds of Gordmans associates, business partners, family and friends with words of encouragement, appreciation and belief ...Stage Stores to acquire about half of bankrupt retailer's stores - Houston Business JournalSome Gordmans department stores bought by rival, will remain open - The Denver Post"
p1
aS'Gordmans Stores Files for Bankruptcy With Plan to Liquidate Bloomberg - Mar 13, 2017 The shift has been especially rough on department stores, including regional chains like Gordmans that once enjoyed strong customer loyalty, but even national concerns like Sears Holdings Corp.Gordmans declares bankruptcy, will liquidate stores - Lincoln Journal Star'
p2
aS"Four area Gordmans stores closing WOWT - Apr 3, 2017 Stage Stores, Inc. agreed to acquire a minimum of 50 Gordmans store leases with rights to assume leases for an additional seven stores and a distribution center; all of Gordmans' inventory, furniture, fixtures, equipment and other assets at the 57 ...Stage Stores deal could save QC Gordmans stores - Quad City TimesThe Buzz: Outlook bleak for local Gordmans stores - Appleton Post Crescent"
p3
aS"Stage Stores closes on Gordmans deal Seeking Alpha - Apr 7, 2017 Stage Stores  announces that it closed on its deal to acquire 50 Gordmans store leases, a distribution center and all of Gordmans' related store assets. The deal also incudes trademarks and other intellectual property of Gordmans. Stage ...Stage Stores closes deal to acquire stores from bankrupt Midwest retailer - Houston Business Journal"
p4
aS'As Gordmans files bankruptcy, what will happen with the Louisville-area store? Louisville Business First - Mar 13, 2017 Gordmans Stores Inc., an apparel and home dcor retailer, today filed a petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, claiming debt of more than $130 million.Gordmans Stores to cut 600 jobs - MarketWatch'
p5
aS'Gordmans to close 1 of 2 stores in Colorado Springs Colorado Springs Gazette - 16 hours ago The closing comes a few weeks after the Omaha, Neb.-based discount clothier and department store chain filed for bankruptcy in mid-March.Gordmans at Chapel Hills Mall to close by end of May - FOX21News.com'
p6
aS'Some Gordmans stores to survive bankruptcy Daily Herald - Apr 2, 2017 ... its subsidiary will acquire select assets of Gordmans Stores, Inc. through a bankruptcy auction. Under the terms of the transaction, the Stage subsidiary will, subject to exceptions in the purchase agreement, acquire a minimum of 50 Gordmans store ...'
p7
aS'Gordmans declares bankruptcy, closing all stores - KMOV.com KMOV.com - Mar 13, 2017 OMAHA, NE --  -- 03/13/17 -- Apparel and home dcor retailer Gordmans Stores, Inc.  today announced that it has filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States&nbsp;...KEYC - Gordmans Stores, Inc. Files for Bankruptcy, Plans to Liquidate - KEYC'
p8
aS"Timeline: Gordmans through the years Omaha World-Herald - Mar 8, 2017 1990: Jeff Gordman, Sam's great-grandson, joins Gordmans Stores Inc. 1992: Richman Gordman 1/2 Price Stores files for bankruptcy."
p9
aS"Former CEO Jeff Gordman, Texas-based Stage Stores might bid for Gordmans stores The Daily Nonpareil - Mar 20, 2017 Meanwhile, Houston-based retailer Stage Stores Inc. says it is seriously considering an offer for Gordmans to operate at least some of the stores and one warehouse on an ongoing basis, which would rescue at least part of the bankrupt retailer from ...Ex-Gordmans CEO Jeff Gordman, another bidder poised to make offers for ... - Omaha World-HeraldJeff Gordman interested in bidding for bankrupt retailer with family's name - KETV Omaha"
p10
a.