(lp0
S"Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. Gets the Last Laugh in 2016 Motley Fool - Jan 11, 2016 Keurig Green Mountain didn't have any price-sustaining news break during the week to defy gravity. The company behind the Keurig single-cup brewer is simply marching to the beat of its own drummer after agreeing to be acquired by privately held JAB&nbsp;...Vermont 100+ 29th Anniversary, Keurig Green Mountain still Number 1 - Vermont Biz"
p1
aS"Fred's names former Keurig exec to board Memphis Business Journal - Apr 7, 2017 Longo-Kazanova brings her 16 years of experience as a chief human resources officer to her new board position. She most recently served as the chief human resource officer for Keurig Green Mountain Inc. and previously was the vice president of human&nbsp;...Discount Stocks in Major News: Fred's, Inc. , Wal-Mart Stores ... - eMarketsDaily"
p2
aS'Keurig Green Mountain to pay $5.8 million for failure to report defective ... Vermont Biz - Feb 21, 2017 Vermont Business Magazine The US Consumer Product Safety Commission  announced today that Keurig Green Mountain, Inc, based in Waterbury, has agreed to pay a $5.8 million civil penalty  to the government. The penalty settles&nbsp;...Neglect of Keurig defect comes with hefty price tag, $5.8 million in penalties - KFDA'
p3
aS'Keurig Green Mountain recognizes excellence in supply chain Vermont Biz - Apr 13, 2017 Vermont Business Magazine Keurig Green Mountain, Inc this week released the recipients of its second annual Supplier Recognition Awards.Keurig Green Mountain  Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.35 - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS"Keurig Green Mountain among most reputable firms in US Vermont Biz - Mar 29, 2017 Vermont Business Magazine Keurig Green Mountain, Inc, based in Waterbury, has been named among the 100 most reputable companies in the US, according to the Reputation Institute's 2017 US RepTrak 100 ranking."
p5
aS'Keurig Green Mountain Agrees to $5.8 Million Settlement with the CPSC Daily Coffee News - Feb 22, 2017 Keurig Green Mountain Inc. has agreed to pay a $5.8 million civil penalty to the government following charges that it knowingly failed to report defects in Keurig Mini Plus brewing devices that presented injury risk, according to an announcement from ...Keurig Green Mountain to pay millions in civil penalties - WRGBKeurig pays $5.8 million for delays in reporting safety defects - ConsumerAffairs'
p6
aS"Keurig Green Mountain Named One of America's Most Reputable Companies Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.  has been named among the 100 most reputable companies in the U.S., according to the Reputation Institute's 2017 US RepTrak 100 ranking. The annual survey measures public perceptions of corporate reputations&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Keurig Green Mountain discontinues Keurig KOLD lays off over 100 employees Vermont Biz - Jun 7, 2016 LEFT, Keurig KOLD Drinkmaker from Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. . ABOVE, a sampling of the KOLD brands as demonstrated at the Keurig offices in South Burlington in December.Keurig discontinues Kold soda machine and offers full refunds - Los Angeles TimesKeurig Discontinues Cold-Beverage Maker After Rocky Launch - Bloomberg'
p8
aS"Coffee Holding Didn't Need Keurig Green Mountain At All To Perform Well! Seeking Alpha - Jun 6, 2016 The revenue is coming in much lower due to a lower sales result to Keurig, but the margins are improving. This could indicate losing the Keurig contract might hurt the size of JVA, but not its margins. It looks like the company will spend the majority ..."
p9
aS'Keurig Green Mountain To Pay $5.8 Million Civil Penalty For Alleged Home ... Vending Times - Feb 24, 2017 WASHINGTON, DC -- Keurig Green Mountain Inc. has agreed to pay a $5.8 million civil penalty to settle a Consumer Product Safety Commission complaint that the company failed to report an alleged defect with its Keurig Mini Plus home brewing system that&nbsp;...'
p10
a.