(lp0
S'Generac completes acquisition of Motortech Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Jan 3, 2017 Generac Holdings Inc. says it has completed the acquisition of a German manufacturer of engine control systems. Waukesha-based Generac now owns Motortech Holding GmbH, which has about 250 employees at its German headquarters, manufacturing&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Is Generac Holdings Inc's  stock available for good price when we ... Simply Wall St - Apr 5, 2017 Generac Holdings Inc  is considered a high growth stock but its last closing price of $36.92 made some investors wonder if it can be still rationalized by the high growth potential.Generac Holdings Inc.  Given Consensus Recommendation of Hold by ... - The Cerbat GemStock Alert: Generac Holdings Inc Realized Volatility Hits A Plunging Low - CML News"
p2
aS"Acquisitions Powered Generac Holdings Inc.'s Earnings Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 Generac Holdings  delivered robust second-quarter results powered by its most recent acquisitions. In fact, the acquisition-driven growth more than doubled the company's international revenue.Acquisitions power growth for Generac - BizTimes.com "
p3
aS'News Generac Holdings Inc.GNRC Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Generac Holdings Inc.GNRC. Significant News Only. 04/10/17; Press Release. Hurricane Risks Anything But Average. Press Release.'
p4
aS'Generac Holdings Inc. purchases Magnum Products LLC Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Oct 3, 2011 Generac Holdings Inc. said Monday that one of its subsidiaries has purchased the assets and certain liabilities of Magnum Products LLC, a Berlin, Wis.'
p5
aS'Generac Holdings: Substantial Growth At A Reasonable Price Seeking Alpha  - Mar 6, 2015 Generac Holdings , the market leader in the home standby power generators, is a great business that trades at reasonable valuations.'
p6
aS'Generac Holdings Enters Oversold Territory  Nasdaq - Apr 5, 2017 In trading on Wednesday, shares of Generac Holdings Inc  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 22.2, after changing hands as low as $34.75 per share.'
p7
aS'Generac Holdings Inc.: Generac Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 12, 2017 WAUKESHA, Wis., April 12, 2017  -- Generac Holdings Inc.  , a leading designer and manufacturer of power generation equipment and other engine powered products, today announced plans to release its first&nbsp;...Generac Holdings Inc.  Shares Bought by Comerica Bank - Chaffey BreezeWould You Buy Generac Holdlings Inc.  On These Analyst Ratings? - Fiscal Standard'
p8
aS'Generac Holdings  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Generac Holdings Incorporated Earnings Conference Call.Generac to limit diversification, geographic expansion - BizTimes.com '
p9
aS"Which Way Are Traders Betting This Stock Will Go: Generac Holdings Inc. (NYSE ... Midway Monitor - 12 hours ago According to the latest stock data, investors are looking at Generac Holdings Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p10
a.