(lp0
S'Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp.: A Lesson In Diversification With 60%+ Upside Seeking Alpha - Jan 8, 2015 Grenville Strategic Royalty  is a low risk, high return royalty financing business that allows investors to access private companies with attractive growth profiles coupled to stable revenue models.'
p1
aS'Grenville Strategic Royalty Announces 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Results Marketwired  - Feb 13, 2017 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp.   today announced its financial and operating results for the three-month  and twelve-month &nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp. and Troon Ventures Ltd. Complete Business ... Marketwired  - Feb 20, 2014 Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp. , formerly Troon Ventures Ltd. , is pleased to announce that it has completed its previously announced business combination with Grenville Corporation (formerly Grenville&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Grenville Strategic Royalty Announces Board Changes Marketwired  - Sep 29, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp.   today announced changes to its board of directors with the appointments of Mr. Vernon Lobo and Mr. Dan Phaure&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Grenville Announces Closing of $15 Million Offering of Convertible Debentures Marketwired  - Jul 10, 2014 Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp.   is pleased to announce that it has closed its previously announced offering of $15,000,000 aggregate principal amount of convertible unsecured subordinated debentures&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'CORRECTION: Grenville Strategic Royalty Announces 2015 Fourth Quarter and Year ... Marketwired  - Apr 27, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - A correction is being issued with respect to the Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp. news release that was issued April 26, 2016 at 18:39 ET. The links that were in the &quot;Average Royalty Payment per ...'
p6
aS'Grenville Completes CDN$9.6 Million in Three New Royalty Investments Marketwired  - Dec 9, 2015 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp.   is pleased to announce that it has contracted for gross sales royalties from 3 companies: Steam Plant and CHX Systems Limited&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Grenville Announces Investments in Compression/Generation Services and WATCH IT! Marketwired  - Mar 7, 2016 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp.   is pleased to announce that is has completed follow-on investments in Compression/Generation Services LLC  and WATCH&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Grenville Completes US $2 Million Royalty Investment in Agnity Global, Inc. Marketwired  - Nov 2, 2015 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp.   is pleased to announce that it has contracted for a gross sales royalty from Agnity Global, Inc.  in exchange for an advance of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Grenville Completes Investment in Insight Downhole Tools Inc. Marketwired  - Jun 2, 2014 TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Grenville Strategic Royalty Corp.   is pleased to announce that it has completed the purchase of a gross sales royalty from Insight Downhole Tools Inc.  for a&nbsp;...'
p10
a.