(lp0
S"Understanding GT Advanced Technology, Inc.'s Bankruptcy Motley Fool - Oct 6, 2014 On October 31, 2013, GTAT Corporation , a wholly owned subsidiary of GT Advanced Technologies Inc, and Apple  entered into a Master Development and Supply Agreement and related Statement of Work , pursuant to which&nbsp;...Apple Sapphire Supplier GT Advanced Files for Bankruptcy - BloombergSevere Breakdown In Apple Relationship Cripples GT Advanced Technologies ... - Forbes"
p1
aS'Bankruptcy Court Approves GT Advanced Settlement With Apple Wall Street Journal - Dec 15, 2014 GT Advanced Technologies Inc. on Monday won bankruptcy court approval of a settlement with Apple Inc. that wards off the threat of litigation over a failed effort to produce large quantities of scratch- and shatter-resistant smartphone screen materials.GT Advanced Gets Court Approval of Revised Apple Accord - Bloomberg'
p2
aS'GT Advanced Technologies emerges from bankruptcy New Hampshire Business Review - Mar 24, 2016 Merrimack-based GT Advanced Technologies Inc. has emerged from bankruptcy, led by its current CEO, and leaving its former creditors with little and its former shareholders with nothing.'
p3
aS"GT Advanced Technologies Provides Update on Recent Fire at Former Sapphire ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 1, 2015 MERRIMACK, N.H., June 1, 2015  -- GT Advanced Technologies Inc., , today provided an update on the recent fire that occurred at the company's former sapphire manufacturing facility located in Mesa, Arizona, which GT&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'GT Advanced Technologies Confirms The Zero Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2016 Back in October 8, when GT Advanced Technologies  filed for bankruptcy, a lot of speculation swirled around the stock.'
p5
aS"Bankrupt Apple Supplier GT Advanced Technologies Wants to Give Performance ... Motley Fool - Jan 2, 2015 Pardon the sarcasm, but that appears to be GT Advanced Technologies'  rationale for its bonus program."
p6
aS'GT Advanced Technologies Appoints David Keck as CEO; Current CEO Tom Gutierrez ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 10, 2015 MERRIMACK, N.H., Aug. 10, 2015  -- GT Advanced Technologies Inc. , today announced that Tom Gutierrez is retiring from the company and has resigned as Chief Executive Officer and as a director.Gutierrez resigns as CEO of embattled GT Advanced Technologies - New Hampshire Business ReviewBusiness - Solar Novus Today'
p7
aS"What A Move on GT Advanced Technologies Inc  MicroCap Daily - Sep 23, 2015 GT Advanced Technologies Inc  is one exciting penny stock that has transformed in recent weeks from illiquid at $0.06 to the top traded stock on the entire bb's making rapid gains."
p8
aS'Local contractors targeted by GT Advanced Technologies lawsuits New Hampshire Business Review - Sep 14, 2016 GT Advanced Technologies Inc. is suing local construction contractors for hundreds of thousands of dollars and might sue its former officers as well in an attempt to collect a bit more money to distribute to other creditors.'
p9
aS'GT Advanced Technologies Announces Mesa ASF Furnaces to be Auctioned GlobeNewswire  - Nov 13, 2015 MERRIMACK, N.H., Nov. 13, 2015  -- GT Advanced Technologies Inc. , today announced that, on November 22-23, 2015, it will conduct an auction of certain of its ASF sapphire growth furnaces currently located in Mesa,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.