(lp0
S'Better Buy: Clean Energy Fuels Corp. vs. Chart Industries, Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 8, 2017  and Chart Industries, Inc.  were two of the most touted companies, with the former leading the way as the natural gas provider for transportation users.'
p1
aS"Chart Industries is moving its headquarters out of Northeast Ohio Crain's Cleveland Business - Feb 23, 2017 Chart Industries Inc.  is moving its corporate headquarters from Garfield Heights to Canton, Ga., the company announced on Thursday, Feb. 23, in a news release about its fourth-quarter and year-end earnings for 2016.Chart Industries  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Purcell Julie &amp; Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating Chart ... PR Newswire  - Apr 13, 2017 NEW YORK, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Purcell Julie &amp; Lefkowitz LLP, a class action law firm dedicated to representing shareholders nationwide, is investigating a potential breach of fiduciary duty claim involving the board of directors of Chart ...'
p3
aS"Here's How Chart Industries, Inc. Delivered Strong Profits, Despite the Energy ... Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 Exposure to multiple industries, including the biomedical industry, has helped Chart ride out the energy downturn. Image source: Chart Industries."
p4
aS'Chart Industries: The Roller Coaster Ride Begins Seeking Alpha - Jan 3, 2017 The stock has doubled from its lows as gas industry prospects have improved from the start of the year. This stock will trade based upon orders received and backlog changes.'
p5
aS'Chart Industries, Inc.  Position Lowered by Alpha Windward LLC The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Chart Industries logo Alpha Windward LLC cut its stake in shares of Chart Industries, Inc.  by 8.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.$0.03 Earnings Per Share Expected for Chart Industries, Inc.  This Quarter - Markets DailyBrokerages Set Chart Industries, Inc.  Price Target at $38.20 - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS"Chart Industries subsidiary buys Indiana company for $22 million Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 17, 2017 Photo by CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Chart Industries and Hetsco Inc. say they have &quot;a long association of working together on plant installations and emergency repairs.Chart announces acquisition of Hetsco - GlobeNewswire "
p7
aS"Chart Industries: Tempting, But Not Enough To Nibble Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 At first glance, Chart Industries  doesn't appear to fit that framework, as the company has rallied with the rest of the small cap space that is reveling in the post-Trump victory."
p8
aS"Chart Industries, Inc. Stays on Track As Downturn Plays Out Motley Fool - Oct 28, 2016 Chart's diverse industrial exposure is helping it ride out the energy downturn. Image source: Chart Industries. Chart Industries, Inc.  reported third-quarter results on October 27, handily beating profit expectations, even as sales ...Chart Industries Reports 2016 Third Quarter Results - GlobeNewswire "
p9
aS"Chart Industries announces reorganization of its BioMedical Group Crain's Cleveland Business - Nov 7, 2016 Chart Industries Inc. , a Garfield Heights company that makes equipment for the industrial gas, energy and biomedical industries, announced a reorganization of its BioMedical Group that will include closing a factory in Amherst, N.Y.. In a ...Chart Industries to close AirSep Amherst plant - wivb.comAmherst factory to close by March - WKBW-TV"
p10
a.