(lp0
S'The Guidewire Software Inc  Receives $66.75 Consensus Target Price from ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 6, 2017 Several brokerages have recently weighed in on GWRE. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Guidewire Software from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday.'
p1
aS"Insider Trading Activity Guidewire Software Inc   Director Sold ... Market Exclusive - 9 hours ago Guidewire Software, Inc. is a provider of software products for property and casualty  insurers. The Company's software serves as a technology platform for P&amp;C insurance carriers.Guidewire Software Inc  Director Craig Conway Sells 600 Shares - Markets DailyThe White Elm Capital LLC Reduces Position in Guidewire Software Inc  - Petro Global News 24"
p2
aS'Guidewire: Greenfield Opportunities Seeking Alpha - Jan 10, 2017 The company continues to successfully address one of the larger opportunities in the enterprise software universe and it has no real competition.'
p3
aS'Guidewire: Can It Resume Its Upward Climb? Seeking Alpha - Mar 9, 2017 Guidewire  reported the results of its fiscal Q2 that ended 1/31 a little earlier this month. The results for the quarter were better than prior consensus expectations, at least those that were published.Technology Sector Update for 03/09/2017: GWRE - Nasdaq'
p4
aS'Trading Sheet: Reviewing the Levels for Guidewire Software, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 4 hours ago Guidewire Software, Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 3905916. The EV helps show how the market assigns value to a company as a whole.'
p5
aS'Saga selects Guidewire core, data and digital products Seeking Alpha - Apr 3, 2017 Guidewire Software  announced that Saga Services Ltd has selected Guidewire PolicyCenter, Guidewire BillingCenter, Rating Management, Client Data Management, and Guidewire DataHub for policy administration, billing, rating, client data ...Guidewire Software Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 04 - Equities.comGuidewire Software  Jumps: Stock Adds 6% in Session April 05, 2017 - Zacks.com'
p6
aS'Guidewire to Acquire FirstBest Systems Business Wire  - Aug 4, 2016 FOSTER CITY, Calif. &amp; BEDFORD, Mass.----Guidewire Software, Inc. , a provider of software products to Property/Casualty  insurers, and FirstBest Systems, Inc., a provider of an underwriting management system to P/C&nbsp;...Guidewire to acquire FirstBest to bolster industry cloud - ZDNet'
p7
aS"Guidewire to Acquire Insurance Cloud Software Firm ISCS for $160 Million Insurance Journal - Dec 20, 2016 Guidewire's software helps P/C insurers with their core operations, data and analytics and digital management. The company has more than 260 customers globally. Guidewire also offers some cloud-based products but ISCS has specialized in that area for&nbsp;...Guidewire to Acquire ISCS - Business Wire Guidewire Software, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market Exclusive"
p8
aS'Guidewire: Insuring Itself Against The Future Seeking Alpha - Sep 13, 2016 The generic nature of its products helps the company in marketing them across the length and breadth of the P&amp;C industry.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Guidewire Software Inc  versus Nuance Communications ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Guidewire Software Inc  versus Nuance Communications Inc  .Guidewire Software Inc  CEO Marcus Ryu Sells 8294 Shares - The Cerbat GemGuidewire Software Inc  CFO Richard Hart Sells 3278 Shares - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.