(lp0
S"Great Plains Energy Incorporated's  stock price is now at $29.33 Analysts ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 15, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  stock price ended its day with gain 0.55% and finalized at the value of $29.33. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 1.94 million shares."
p1
aS"Drilling Down Into Great Plains Energy Incorporated  StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago Great Plains Energy Incorporated  is an interesting player in the Utilities space, with a focus on Electric Utilities.Are Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Stock Technicals Favorable? - USA Commerce DailyInvestors Attention Alert: Great Plains Energy Incorporated's  - Is stories"
p2
aS'Market Desk: Reviewing the Numbers for Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Baldwin Journal - 6 hours ago Great Plains Energy Incorporated  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 11155750. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p3
aS"Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 05 Equities.com - Apr 3, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 05, as the stock gained 0.14% to close at $29.25.Great Plains Energy Incorporated declined in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free ObserverAnalyst's Proposition on Great Plains Energy Incorporated , Celsion ... - The USA Commerce"
p4
aS'Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 28 Equities.com - Mar 28, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 28, as the stock lost 0.28% to close at $28.79.Active Volume Stock Update: Great Plains Energy Incorporated  - HugoPress'
p5
aS"The Must-Know Technicals As They Stand For Great Plains Energy Incorporated  NY Stock News - Apr 6, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS"Great Plains Energy Incorporated  And Its Technical Chart Is Now Center Stage NY Stock News - Apr 11, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  is now trading with a very clear set of technicals. Taken together they paint a very compelling picture of how investors and traders should be approaching GXP.Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment ... - Sports PerspectivesWhat are Analyst's Indicators for Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP ... - The USA Commerce"
p7
aS'Great Plains Energy Incorporated  And The Naked Truth Exposed In Its ... NY Stock News - Mar 30, 2017 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.Today Analysts Focus on ON Semiconductor Corporation , Great Plains Energy ... - StockNewsJournalGreat Plains Energy Incorporated surged in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free Observer'
p8
aS"Great Plains Energy  Announces Leadership of Post-Westar Energy Merger ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 8, 2016 Great Plains Energy Incorporated  announced the executive officer team that will lead the combined company once Great Plains Energy's acquisition of Westar Energy, Inc.  is complete in Spring 2017.Great Plains to bring eight Westar execs on board after sale - Topeka Capital Journal"
p9
aS'Price Alert: Great Plains Energy Incorporated  Stock Nears ... CML News - 21 hours ago Price Alert: Great Plains Energy Incorporated  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p10
a.