(lp0
S'The Clinton Group Inc. Purchases 4990 Shares of Hyatt Hotels Corporation  Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC raised its position in Hyatt Hotels Corporation by 7.1% in the second quarter. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC now&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Hyatt Hotels Corporation Posts Slowdown in Revenue per Available Room Growth Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Hyatt Hotels  this week posted fourth-quarter earnings numbers that kept the company squarely within management's full-year growth target.Hyatt Hotels  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaHyatt Hotels Revenue Falls - Wall Street Journal "
p2
aS'Meet Andaz by Hyatt Hotels Corporation Hospitality Net - Apr 4, 2017 All of the location of the Andaz by Hyatt Hotels Corporation brand have been inspired by the cultural and social life of the locale, each of which is unique in design, amenities and cuisine it offers to guests.Quadrature Capital Ltd Acquires New Stake in Hyatt Hotels Co.  - BNB Daily Analysts Set Hyatt Hotels Co.  PT at $52.05 - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS"Hyatt Acquires Miraval to Bring Wellness to Business Travel Fortune - Jan 18, 2017 In a sign that the wellness trend that's taken the world by  storm shows no signs of slowing, Chicago-based Hyatt Hotels Corporation has acquired the Miraval Group, a leader in the category of wellness hospitality, in a deal announced&nbsp;...Hyatt Hotels  Acquires Miraval Group with $215M Initial Investment - StreetInsider.comHyatt Hotels Acquires Miraval Group Resort Operator for $215 Million - Wall Street Journal"
p4
aS"Hyatt Hotels Corporation Boosts Profits With Help From Its High-End Properties Motley Fool - Nov 3, 2016 Heading into this week's third-quarter earnings report, investors were unsure whether Hyatt Hotels  would lower its growth outlook for a second time this year due to weakening industry trends in international markets.Hyatt Hotels Profit Beats Expectations - Wall Street JournalHyatt Q3 Beat Profit Estimates, Fell Short on Revenue - Skift"
p5
aS"Hyatt Regency Amsterdam Marks Debut of the Hyatt Regency Brand in The Netherlands Business Wire  - Apr 13, 2017 ... Hotels Corporation  announced today the opening of Hyatt Regency Amsterdam, the first Hyatt Regency hotel to open in The Netherlands' dynamic capital city.Hyatt Regency Amsterdam Opens in The Netherlands - GTspirit"
p6
aS'Hyatt Hotels Corporation: Hyatt Announces Timing of First Quarter 2017 ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 7, 2017 CHICAGO---- Hyatt Hotels Corporation   announced today that it will release first quarter 2017 financial results on Thursday, May 4, 2017, before the stock market opens, followed by a conference call at&nbsp;...Zacks Investment Research upgraded Hyatt Hotels Corporation  to Hold ... - Breaking Finance NewsHyatt Hotels Co.  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Hyatt Hotels to open first Park Hyatt in Indonesia Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Hyatt Hotels  announces plans to open the first Park Hyatt hotel in Indonesia in partnership wtih PT MNC Land Tbk.MNC Land and Hyatt to Bring First Park Hyatt Hotel to Indonesia - Business Wire MNC and Hyatt to Build Six-star Hotel in Jakarta - Netralnews'
p8
aS'Hyatt eyes growth from secondary cities The Hindu - Apr 10, 2017 With more Indians travelling to explore the country, American chain Hyatt Hotels Corporation is aiming to grow its footprint in India in secondary cities and places of tourist attraction.Hyatt to foray into Lucknow &amp; Kochi; to double its India footprint - TravelBizMonitor  Hyatt Hotels Co.  Receives $51.88 Average Target Price from Analysts - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Hyatt Hotels Corporation Implied Price ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Hyatt Hotels Corporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p10
a.