(lp0
S'Stocks: The The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.  Receives Average Rating of ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 19, 2017 HAIN has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Susquehanna initiated coverage on The Hain Celestial Group in a research report on Monday, October 24th.'
p1
aS'Hain Celestial Announces Rosetto Joint Venture PR Newswire  - Apr 12, 2017 LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. , a leading organic and natural products company with operations in North America, Europe and India providing consumers with A Healthier Way of Life,&nbsp;...Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Hain Celestial Group (HAIN ... - Sports PerspectivesNorth American Management Corp Has $1107000 Position in Hain Celestial Group ... - Community Financial News'
p2
aS"Why Hain Celestial Group Inc Stock Dropped 11% in February Motley Fool - Mar 13, 2017 Shares of Hain Celestial Group  slid again last month after the company's accounting scandal widened."
p3
aS'What Lies Ahead for Hain Celestial Group Inc? Motley Fool - Feb 21, 2017 Chris Hill: Hain Celestial Group is the parent company of a bunch of different organic food brands. Shares are hitting their lowest point since 2013, because the company disclosed that the accounting practices at Hain Celestial are being investigated ...'
p4
aS'Hain Celestial investors hope Friday event yields clues about outlook amid ... CNBC - Mar 9, 2017 Natural products company Hain Celestial could ease investor skittishness about its outlook when it meets Friday with analysts at a major trade show in California.'
p5
aS'Hain Celestial Group Inc. Stock Down  10% on  Filing Delay Motley Fool - Feb 13, 2017 Shares of natural and organic packaged foods producer Hain Celestial Group Inc.  are down 10.4% at 1:14 p.m. EST on Feb.13 following a late-Friday Securities and Exchange Commission filing.Hain Celestial shares fall after it discloses SEC investigation - CNBCHain Celestial Plunges After Disclosing SEC Accounting Probe - Bloomberg'
p6
aS"3 Great Reasons to Sell Hain Celestial Group Inc Motley Fool - Jan 18, 2017 But here's the thing: We still have no idea where the company stands. The November release concluded by saying, &quot;Hain Celestial will not be in a position to release financial results until the completion of the Company's internal accounting review and ..."
p7
aS"Accounting Issues Aside, Hain Celestial Group Wasn't Built For Buy and Hold ... Motley Fool - Mar 7, 2017 Shareholders of Hain Celestial  have endured a stomach-churning year. In August, the company announced that it would have to delay filing its quarterly report, saying: &quot;The Company is currently evaluating whether the revenue associated&nbsp;...Hain Celestial Announces Executive Appointments - PR Newswire Hain Celestial: Taming The Tension While We Wait For Financials - And Perhaps ... - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'Hain Celestial Endorses Organic Check-Off Program PR Newswire  - Apr 7, 2017 LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., April 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. , a leading organic and natural products company with operations in North America, Europe and India providing consumers with A Healthier Way of Life,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Hain Celestial jumps 12% after committee finds no wrongdoing in financial ... CNBC - Nov 17, 2016 Shares of Hain Celestial soared more than 12 percent in premarket trade Thursday, and ended the day up 8.1 percent, after an independent audit committee review of its accounting practices was completed.Hain Celestial Announces Completion of Independent Audit Committee Review - PR Newswire Hain Celestial: Don't Buy The Buyout Rumors - Seeking Alpha"
p10
a.