(lp0
S'HCI Group Sets First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call for Thursday, May 4, 2017 at 4 ... Yahoo Finance - 21 hours ago TAMPA, Fla., April 17, 2017  -- HCI Group, Inc. , a holding company primarily engaged in providing homeowners insurance, with operations also in reinsurance, real estate and information technology, will hold a conference call on&nbsp;...Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods Reaffirms &quot;Hold&quot; Rating for HCI Group Inc  - Community Financial NewsHCI Group, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p1
aS'HCI Group Inc  Receives &quot;Hold&quot; Rating from Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods The Cerbat Gem - 3 hours ago Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods reissued their hold rating on shares of HCI Group Inc  in a research report released on Monday morning.Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect HCI Group  Stock Price - BBNS'
p2
aS'HCI Group Insurance Subsidiary, Homeowners Choice, Expects Reduced Reinsurance ... GlobeNewswire  - Jul 5, 2016 TAMPA, Fla., July 05, 2016  -- HCI Group, Inc.  recently disclosed in reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that its wholly owned subsidiary, Homeowners Choice Property &amp; Casualty Insurance Company,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'A Perfect Storm For Florida Insurance Firms HCI Group And Heritage Insurance ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 20, 2016 The take-out program has particularly impacted two private insurance companies: HCI Group Inc. and Heritage Insurance Holdings .'
p4
aS"HCI Group: The Wizards Of Tampa Seeking Alpha  - Sep 16, 2014 This is the first of a multi-part series outlining RH Analytics' short thesis on the HCI Group , detailing why we believe the company's business model is deeply flawed and the stock significantly overvalued. The article provides an ..."
p5
aS"HCI Group: Patel Admits Game Over Seeking Alpha  - Mar 9, 2015 The HCI Group's  4Q14 conference call was more interesting and dramatic than expected. As anticipated, the company delivered reasonable results and an outlook clouded by uncertainty. The big surprise in the quarter was Mr. Patel's statement&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"HCI Group Appoints Mark Harmsworth as Senior Vice President of Finance GlobeNewswire  - Dec 15, 2016 TAMPA, Fla., Dec. 15, 2016  -- HCI Group, Inc. , a holding company primarily engaged in homeowners' insurance, with additional operations in reinsurance, real estate and information technology, has appointed finance&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'HCI Group Appoints Former EW Blanch CEO, Ted Blanch, as President of TypTap GlobeNewswire  - Jun 6, 2016 TAMPA, Fla., June 06, 2016  -- HCI Group, Inc. , a holding company primarily engaged in homeowners insurance, with additional operations in reinsurance, real estate and information technology, has appointed insurance&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'HCI Group Insurance Subsidiary Approved to Participate in November Assumption ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 19, 2016 TAMPA, Fla., Oct. 19, 2016  -- Homeowners Choice Property &amp; Casualty Insurance Company, Inc., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HCI Group, Inc.  and a leading provider of homeowners insurance in Florida, has been&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"HCI Group: Ridiculously Undervalued Again Seeking Alpha - Jun 16, 2015 A few weeks ago, I attended the annual meeting for HCI Group  at the company's headquarters in Tampa, Florida."
p10
a.