(lp0
S'Pacific Premier Bank completes deal for Heritage Oaks Bancorp KEYT - Apr 9, 2017 The Irvine-based Pacific Premier Bancorp has completed the acquisition of Heritage Oaks Bancorp based in Paso Robles with services throughout the Central Coast.'
p1
aS"Heritage Oaks Bancorp Announces Results of Special Meeting of Shareholders GlobeNewswire  - Mar 29, 2017 PASO ROBLES, Calif., March 29, 2017  -- Heritage Oaks Bancorp  , a bank holding company and the parent of Heritage Oaks Bank , announced today that at the Company's special meeting of&nbsp;...News - New Times SLO"
p2
aS"Heritage Oaks Bancorp's  CEO Simone Lagomarsino on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Heritage Oaks Bancorp Fourth Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode."
p3
aS'Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. Announces Completion of Acquisition of Heritage ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc.  , the holding company of Pacific Premier Bank , announced today that it has completed the acquisition, effective as of April 1, 2017, of Heritage Oaks Bancorp  , the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Heritage Oaks Bancorp proposed sale under scrutiny Cal Coast News - Dec 13, 2016 heritage-oaks-bancorp Shortly after Heritage Oaks Bancorp announced that Pacific Premier Bancorp of Irvine planned to acquire its banks through a $405.6 million stock transaction, a national attorney firm began questioning the logistics of the proposed ...Heritage Oaks, the largest bank on the Central Coast, is being sold - The San Luis Obispo Tribune'
p5
aS'Heritage Oaks Bank acquired by Pacific Premier Bancorp Paso Robles Daily News - Apr 4, 2017 Pacific Premier Bancorp announced that it has completed the acquisition, effective as of April 1, of Heritage Oaks Bancorp the holding company of Heritage Oaks Bank, a California-chartered banking corporation headquartered in Paso Robles.Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS"Pacific Premier Bancorp  Stockholders Approve Acquisition of Heritage ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 28, 2017 Steven R. Gardner, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Premier Bancorp, commented, We are pleased to have received the approval of our stockholders for the issuance of shares of our common stock to Heritage Oaks' stockholders in&nbsp;...What You Must Know About Heritage Oaks Bancorp's  ROE? - Simply Wall StPacific Premier shareholders approve acquisition of Heritage Oaks - Pacific Coast Business Times"
p7
aS'Heritage Oaks Bancorp Schedules Third Quarter Conference Call GlobeNewswire  - Sep 22, 2016 PASO ROBLES, Calif., Sept. 22, 2016  -- Heritage Oaks Bancorp , the holding company of Heritage Oaks Bank, will host a conference call on Friday, October 28, 2016 at 8:00 a.m.'
p8
aS'Pacific Premier Bancorp Announces Receipt of Regulatory Approvals for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Steve R. Gardner, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Premier Bancorp, commented, We are pleased to have received all of the required regulatory approvals for our acquisition of Heritage Oaks. We believe that the combination of&nbsp;...Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Plunges 8.52% on March 21 - Equities.comRegulators back Pacific Premier acquisition of Heritage Oaks - Pacific Coast Business Times'
p9
aS"Heritage Oaks Bancorp Announces Resignation of Lonny Robinson From the ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 19, 2015 PASO ROBLES, Calif., Aug. 19, 2015  -- Heritage Oaks Bancorp , the holding company for Heritage Oaks Bank  , announced that the Company's and the Bank's Executive Vice President and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.