(lp0
S'The Henderson Group Plc  Given Neutral Rating at Citigroup Inc. Petro Global News 24 - Feb 1, 2017 A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on HGG. BNP Paribas restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 240  price objective on shares of Henderson Group Plc in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Peel Hunt restated a&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Janus to Be Acquired by UK Fund Giant Henderson Group Wall Street Journal - Oct 3, 2016 U.K.-based Henderson Group PLC agreed to pay 2.01 billion  in an all-share deal for Janus and said the purchase will help expand its global audience.Fund manager Henderson Group plc in US$6 billion merger  Shares set to soar - Motley Fool Australia'
p2
aS"BNP Paribas Reiterates &quot;Neutral&quot; Rating for Henderson Group Plc  The Cerbat Gem - 2 hours ago Henderson Group Plc logo Henderson Group Plc 's stock had its neutral rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at BNP Paribas in a report issued on Tuesday."
p3
aS"Why Citi slapped a $4 share price target on Henderson Group plc Motley Fool Australia - Apr 12, 2017 According to financial news wires the analysts at Citigroup just put a $4 share price target on Henderson Group plc  as the UK-based funds manager continues to navigate the fallout from the UK's Brexit vote."
p4
aS"Henderson Group Plc 8.5% Potential Upside Indicated by Jefferies International DirectorsTalk Interviews - Apr 10, 2017 Henderson Group Plc using EPIC/TICKER code LON:HGG had its stock rating noted as 'Reiterates' with the recommendation being set at 'HOLD' today by analysts at Jefferies International.Jefferies International announced Henderson Group PLC , boosting its ... - Breaking Finance NewsShares Of Electrocomponents  Rated As Neutral By Analysts At UBS - Normangee Star"
p5
aS'Henderson Group plc : Can the high growth still justify its April ... Simply Wall St - Apr 6, 2017 Henderson Group plc  is considered a high growth stock but its last closing price of 2.295 made some investors wonder if it can be still rationalized by the high growth potential.'
p6
aS'Looking at the Gauges on Henderson Group PLC  Providence Standard - 3 hours ago Investors are keeping a close eye on levels of Henderson Group PLC . The Average Directional Index or ADX is a technical analysis indicator used to describe if a market is trending or not trending.'
p7
aS"Henderson Group Plc Lifted Its Cognizant Technology Solutio  Holding ... Key Gazette - Apr 14, 2017 Henderson Group Plc increased Cognizant Technology Solutio  stake by 6.8% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Henderson Group Plc acquired 233,511 shares as Cognizant Technology Solutio 's stock rose 11.17%. The Henderson Group Plc&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Henderson Group Plc  Price Target Raised to GBX 249 at Jefferies Group LLC Markets Daily - Apr 14, 2017 Henderson Group Plc logo Henderson Group Plc  had its price target hoisted by Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 238  to GBX 249  in a report issued on Monday morning.Henderson Group Plc  Rating Reiterated by BNP Paribas - Chaffey BreezeThe Henderson Group Plc's  Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc. - Petro Global News 24"
p9
aS'Henderson Group Pl  Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Markets Daily - 20 hours ago According to Zacks, Henderson Group plc is a financial services company. It provides asset management services to institutional, retail clients and high net worth clients.'
p10
a.