(lp0
S'Stock Returns: Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc  is Beating Textron ... CML News - Feb 22, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc  versus Textron Inc  .Technical Signs Every Trader Should Know: Trimble Inc. , Huntington ... - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'Huntington Ingalls Industries Reaches Analyst Target Price Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2017 In recent trading, shares of Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc.  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $200.83, changing hands for $201.84/share.'
p2
aS"Huntington Ingalls Industries' Technical Solutions Division Exercises Options ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 16, 2017 NEWPORT NEWS, Va., March 16, 2017  -- Huntington Ingalls Industries  announced today that its Technical Solutions division recently received a modification to a previously awarded contract to provide maintenance,&nbsp;...Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 - Equities.com"
p3
aS'Why this Newport News shipbuilder is doubling down on government services ... Washington Business Journal - Dec 7, 2016 On Tuesday, Newport News-based Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc.  created the rare instance of a large contractor building defense hardware doubling down on its services offerings, announcing that it finalized its acquisition of Camber Corp.'
p4
aS"Huntington Ingalls Industries' Technical Solutions Division Awarded Contract ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 7, 2017 NEWPORT NEWS, Va., March 07, 2017  -- Huntington Ingalls Industries  announced today that its Technical Solutions division was recently awarded a contract by the Joint Program Executive Office for Chemical and Biological&nbsp;...Citigroup Inc Lowers Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc  to Neutral - Sports PerspectivesLarge Outflow of Money Witnessed in Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. - Highland Mirror"
p5
aS"Bull of the Day: Huntington Ingalls Industries  Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. Price and Consensus | Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. Quote. The company is also impressive from a fundamental look as well, as none of its component gradesvalue, growth, or momentumare lower than 'B' right now.Huntington Ingalls Industries, Red Rock Resorts, Adidas, Nike and Under Armour ... - NasdaqCredit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Huntington Ingalls ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS"PHOTO RELEASE--Huntington Ingalls Industries' Ingalls Shipbuilding Division ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 4, 2017 PASCAGOULA, Miss., March 04, 2017  -- Huntington Ingalls Industries'  Ingalls Shipbuilding division christened the seventh Legend-class National Security Cutter, Kimball , today in front of approximately 1,000&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"PHOTO RELEASE--Huntington Ingalls Industries Graduates 184 Shipbuilders From ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 27, 2017 NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Feb. 27, 2017  -- Huntington Ingalls Industries  hosted commencement exercises on Saturday for 184 graduates of the company's Apprentice School located at Newport News Shipbuilding.President Trump visiting Newport News Shipbuilding Thursday - WAVY-TVTrump to visit Newport News Shipbuilding on Thursday - Richmond.com"
p8
aS'Huntington Ingalls Industries to Acquire Camber Corporation and Establish New ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 2, 2016 02, 2016  -- Huntington Ingalls Industries  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Camber Corporation, a government services company headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama.Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc : What does the future look like? - Simply Wall StHuntington Ingalls Industries to acquire Alabama company for $380 million. - Virginia Business Magazine'
p9
aS"PHOTO RELEASE--Reps. Wittman and Palazzo Visit Huntington Ingalls Industries ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 22, 2017 PASCAGOULA, Miss., Feb. 22, 2017  -- Huntington Ingalls Industries'  Ingalls Shipbuilding division hosted Reps.Huntington Ingalls Hits 52-Week High on Impressive Earnings - NasdaqHuntington Ingalls Industries, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC - The Cerbat Gem"
p10
a.