(lp0
S'New Hana Copper Mining Ltd. Announces Name Change Marketwired  - Apr 23, 2014 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - New Hana Copper Mining Ltd.   is pleased to announce that the Company is changing its name to Handa Copper Corporation.'
p1
aS'Cupric Canyon Capital Updates Resource and Feasibility Results Marketwired  - Nov 19, 2015 In 2013 Cupric entered the Kalahari Copper Belt with the acquisition of Hana Mining Limited and its Botswana operating subsidiary (later renamed Khoemacau Copper Mining Pty.'
p2
aS"Cupric Africa: developing Botswana's mineral assets Mining Global - Dec 31, 2015 In 2013, Cupric Canyon Capital acquired two important mining properties in connection with its purchase of Hana Mining; these are known as 'Banana Zone' and 'Zone Five' and contain significant copper deposits, including some silver credits. Sam ..."
p3
aS"It's a monkeys cousin for SAP HANA Enterprise Times - May 18, 2016 The latest is a new release of SAP HANA its in-memory database. Rather than ... Graphing is not the only new analytics capability though and SAP has made available the text mining index as a system table for data scientists to take advantage of. There ...SAP BusinessObjects Portfolio Delivers Modern Analytics for the Digital ... - PR Newswire "
p4
aS"SAP shows off Hana 2 in-memory database platform V3.co.uk - Nov 8, 2016 SAP has unveiled the SAP Hana 2 platform, the company's in-memory database technology, combined with micro-services made available in the cloud via SAP Hybris-as-a-Service."
p5
aS'SAP HANA, express edition makes HANA easier for non-SAP developers TechTarget - Jan 18, 2017 The new express edition may seem like just another version of HANA, but the approach it represents and the software itself are both more important for developers and development shops than they may seem.'
p6
aS"SAP HANA development spurred by SAP HANA, express edition, and Web IDE TechTarget - Sep 23, 2016 The company announced the new products for SAP HANA development at its TechEd developers' conference, held Sept. 19 to 23 in Las Vegas."
p7
aS"Predictive analytics: What businesses need to know ITProPortal - Oct 30, 2016 But due to the growth of machine learning and data mining techniques we're now seeing an increase in predictive analysis where machines can take historical and current information and apply it to a model to predict future trends."
p8
aS'Charlotte Hornets build data warehouse with SAP HANA-based Phizzle TechTarget - Dec 8, 2016 The Charlotte Hornets of the NBA asked this question and found the answer in Phizzle FanTracker, an SAP HANA-based data warehousing platform that has allowed it to consolidate records on all of its 9.5 million fans.'
p9
aS'SAP HANA big data strategy leans heavily on open source Hadoop tools TechTarget - Aug 24, 2016 To meet the needs of these enterprises, SAP is continuing to invest in providing business users with access to advanced analytics tools that use its HANA in-memory, column-oriented, relational database management system, said Anne Moxie, senior analyst&nbsp;...'
p10
a.