(lp0
S'Harvest Natural Resources Declares Cash Dividend PR Newswire  - Apr 13, 2017 HOUSTON, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In accordance with previously announced plans to consider the declaration of a pre-dissolution dividend as part of its overall plan of complete dissolution and liquidation, Harvest Natural Resources, Inc ...HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.  Files An 8-K Completion of ... - Market ExclusiveA Technical Look At 2 Stocks: Harvest Natural Resources Inc. , Athersys ... - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'Harvest Natural Resources Announces Closing of Sale of Gabon Interests and ... PR Newswire  - Apr 10, 2017 HOUSTON, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- HNR Energia B.V., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Harvest Natural Resources, Inc.   closed the sale of all of its Gabon interests in accordance with a previously announced Sale&nbsp;...Harvest Natural Resources Inc.  added to 13 new portfolios - Post AnalystHarvest Natural Resources, Inc.  Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of ... - Markets Daily'
p2
aS'Harvest Natural Resources sells Gabon interests, Delta Petroleum note paid WorldOil  - Apr 10, 2017 HOUSTON -- HNR Energia B.V., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. closed the sale of all of its Gabon interests in accordance with a previously announced sale and purchase agreement dated Dec. 21, 2016 among Harvest, HNR&nbsp;...In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Harvest Natural Resources ... - The De Soto Edge'
p3
aS'Houston energy co. sells assets, takes next steps to dissolve Houston Business Journal - Apr 13, 2017 The company has reserved some funds that will be used for payments related to the dissolution, but any amount that might remain once the process is complete would be distributed from time to time to Harvest stockholders of record as of the dissolution ...'
p4
aS'Harvest Natural Resources Inc.  Experiencing Unusual Activity Mid-day The Herald - 8 hours ago Harvest Natural Resources Inc.  shares are seeing unusual volume mid-trading session today. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $6.61.Harvest Natural Resources Inc.  loses confidence of 7 hedge fund ... - Post AnalystHarvest Natural Resources, Inc.  Reaches $6.61 After 4.00% Down Move ... - Herald KS'
p5
aS'Equity Watch: Harvest Natural Resources Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 18 hours ago Harvest Natural Resources Inc.  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 6. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p6
aS'Harvest Natural Resources Announces $32.2 Million in Funding and Strategic ... PR Newswire  - Jun 19, 2015 HOUSTON, June 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Harvest Natural Resources, Inc.   today announced that CT Energy Holding SRL, a Venezuelan-Italian consortium, has agreed to purchase from Harvest senior secured notes,&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Harvest Natural Resources Announces Termination of Agreement to Sell Remaining ... PR Newswire  - Jan 2, 2015 HOUSTON, Jan. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Harvest Natural Resources, Inc.   today announced that the Share Purchase Agreement  between Petroandina Resources Corporation N.V.Harvest Natural Resources: A Company In Disarray Due To Venezuela Turmoil And ... - Seeking AlphaVenezuela Blocks US Oil Company Harvest Natural Resources Sale for Second Time - Latin American Herald Tribune'
p8
aS'Harvest Natural Resources Sells Its Interests In Venezuela - Yes, Again. What ... Seeking Alpha - Jul 5, 2016 Closing of the transaction would constitute a change of control under agreements the Company has in place with Corporacion Venezolana del Petroleo S.A.'
p9
aS'HARVEST NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Apr 6, 2017 As previously disclosed, on December 21, 2016, Harvest Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation , and its wholly-owned subsidiary, HNR Energia B.V.'
p10
a.