(lp0
S'Centene to Buy Health Net in $6.3 Billion Health-Care Deal Bloomberg - Jul 2, 2015 Centene Corp. agreed to buy Health Net Inc. for about $6.3 billion in cash and stock, creating a combination of two smaller U.S.'
p1
aS'Centene and Health Net merger closer to approval CNBC - Mar 22, 2016 Shares of health insurer Centene gained more than 4 percent after the firm announced it had received approval for its $6.3 billion acquisition of Health Net from health insurance officials at the California Department of Managed Health Care , one ...Centene Completes Acquisition Of Health Net - PR Newswire Centene  Announces Completion of Health Net Acquisition - StreetInsider.com'
p2
aS'National Business Group on Health Honors Cigna, GlaxoSmithKline and Health Net ... Marketwired  - Mar 30, 2017 WASHINGTON, DC-- - The National Business Group on Health, a non-profit association of 420 large U.S. employers, today honored Cigna, GlaxoSmithKline, and Health Net, Inc. for their ongoing commitment to promote health&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Regulators Probing Whether Health Net Is Stiffing Drug Treatment Providers Kaiser Health News - Jun 6, 2016 California insurance officials are looking into whether Health Net Inc. has improperly withheld payments to addiction treatment centers for months while the company investigates concerns about fraudulent claims.'
p4
aS'Health Net says quarterly membership in Obamacare plans declined Reuters - Feb 25, 2016 Insurer Health Net Inc, which is being bought by rival Centene Corp, said it lost members in its individual business that sells plans under Obamacare, echoing thoughts of larger rivals in the sector.HealthNet says quarterly membership in public exchange plans declined - Business Insurance'
p5
aS'Health Net and Scripps Health Join Forces Business Wire  - Nov 10, 2016 Health Net, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Centene Corporation , provides and administers health benefits through group, individual, Medicare , Medicaid ...'
p6
aS'AM Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Members of Health Net Group; Withdraws ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 16, 2017 A.M. Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating of B++  and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings  of bbb of Health Net of California, Inc., Health Net Life Insurance Company , Health Net Health ...'
p7
aS"Centene closes $6 billion Health Net acquisition St. Louis Business Journal - Mar 25, 2016 Neidorff will continue as chairman, president and CEO of the combined company. Jay Gellert, Health Net's president and CEO, and James Woys, Health Net's chief financial and operating officer, have signed consulting agreements to assist during the&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Health Net tried to block employee whistleblowers, SEC says Los Angeles Times - Aug 16, 2016 For years, insurance provider Health Net Inc. used illegal severance agreements to try to keep departing employees from talking to state and federal officials about company violations, the U.S.Centene's Health Net tried to deter employee whistleblowers, SEC says - St. Louis Business JournalSEC Fines California Health Insurer $340000 For Breaking Whistleblower ... - The Consumerist"
p9
aS"Calif. Panel Tells Insurers To Cover Health Net's Class Defense Law360  - Oct 8, 2016 Law360, New York  -- A California appeals court ruled Friday that a group of professional liability insurers had a duty to defend Health Net Inc. in three now-settled class actions alleging the health care provider ..."
p10
a.