(lp0
S'Hooker Furniture Corp  Files 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended on January ... Nasdaq - Apr 16, 2017 Hooker Furniture Corp is a home furnishings marketing, design and logistics company offering residential casegoods and upholstery, as well as domestically-produced custom leather and fabric-upholstered furniture.Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Hooker Furniture ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"Hooker Furniture Corp.  Jumped After Rise In Q4 Earnings RTT News - Apr 7, 2017 Hooker Furniture Corp.  reported fourth quarter EPS of $0.95 Thursday morning, up from $0.38 in the prior year period.Hooker Furniture's  CEO Paul Toms on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaHooker Furniture stock sitting pretty after earnings beat - Proactive Investors USA & Canada"
p2
aS"Hooker Furniture's Huge Gains Are Well-Deserved, But The Run Might Be Near An End Seeking Alpha - Jan 5, 2017 HOFT had a roller-coaster 2016, starting the year with a well-received acquisition, stumbling over earnings, and then soaring toward the back half of the year."
p3
aS'Hooker Furniture Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 15, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 14, 2017 Hooker Furniture Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.12 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 31, 2017.Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Hooker Furniture Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Hooker Furniture: Buy The Chaos? Seeking Alpha - Apr 7, 2016 Hooker Furniture is a very interesting American company that has been in business for nearly a century. I called for a buy a year ago and the returns have been strong, but now the stock is getting crushed, thanks to the downturn the company is ...'
p5
aS'Hooker Furniture: Sometimes The Unknown Names Provide The Best Returns Seeking Alpha - Dec 7, 2016 Hooker Furniture  is a very interesting American company that has been in business for nearly a century. When I first highlighted the stock as a buy at $21 a year ago, I discussed the great story that came with the name.Why Sprint, SunPower, and Hooker Furniture Jumped Today - Motley Fool'
p6
aS'Hooker Furniture acquires Pulaski company Martinsville Bulletin - Jan 7, 2016 Although Hooker Furniture Corp. has been debt-free for some time, we look at this acquisition as an excellent way to put excess capital to work and use our pristine balance sheet to layer in a manageable amount of low-cost debt, Toms said in the release.Hooker Furniture acquires Home Meridian for $100 million - woodworkingnetwork.comHooker Furniture  to Acquire Home Meridian in $100M Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p7
aS'Strong Q4 Drives Record Year at Hooker Furniture Normangee Star - 23 hours ago Shares of Virginia-based Hooker Furniture Corp. surged more than 20% in early trade Thursday, after the designer and importer of furniture for the residential, hospitality and contract markets blew past per-share earnings estimates for its fourth quarter.Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 3798 Shares of Hooker Furniture Co.  - Sports PerspectivesMarket View: Looking at the Technicals for Hooker Furniture Corporation ... - Searcy News'
p8
aS'Hooker Furniture Corporation names Siler as VP of Asia merchandising Martinsville Bulletin - Aug 3, 2016 MARTINSVILLE - Hooker Furniture Corporation has tapped Phillip Siler for the new position of vice president of Asia merchandising.'
p9
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Hooker Furniture Corporation Implied ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Hooker Furniture Corporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p10
a.