(lp0
S'Market Focus: Watching Shares of Hollywood Media Corp.  Geneva Journal - Apr 7, 2017 Interested investors may be tracking the Magic Formula  on shares of Hollywood Media Corp. . Currently, the company has an MF Rank of 17197.'
p1
aS"All For One Media Corp. retains top Hollywood casting agency Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 MOUNT KISCO, N.Y., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- All For One Media Corp.,  has retained the services of Bullock &amp; Snow Casting as casting directors for the company's upcoming musical dramedy, Crazy For The Boys."
p2
aS"CNN Films, Content Media Corporation Acquire Rights To Documentary 'Elin' Deadline - Feb 6, 2017 CNN Films has acquired television broadcast and CNN-branded authenticated television exhibition rights in U.S and Canada, from Fine Point Films."
p3
aS"Huayi Brothers eyes Hollywood as Chinese moviemakers expand CNBC - Apr 26, 2016 ... set its sights on the massive movie-going market in China but filmmakers in the world's second-largest economy are stepping up efforts to carve a niche in the U.S."
p4
aS"Mediaite's Hiring of Nikki Finke Sparks Legal Threat from Deadline Hollywood ... Hollywood Reporter - Nov 17, 2016 &quot;We appear to have fundamentally different views about the news media, journalists and our political leaders up to and including the President himself, all of whom the Penske Media Corporation seems to view as 'entertainers,'&quot; wrote Floyd Abrams,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Ghostbusters backlash highlights ongoing sexism in Hollywood ABC Online - Jun 29, 2016 An all-female reboot of Ghostbusters hits theatres next month amid a savage backlash by internet trolls that has thrown the spotlight back onto Hollywood's gender discrimination problem. The film's first trailer has become the most reviled in YouTube ..."
p6
aS'Hollywood Goes Green And Turns A Profit At First-Ever Environmental Media ... Forbes - Mar 25, 2017 The Environmental Media Association  kicked off their first-ever IMPACT Summit in Los Angeles with the goal of bringing about awareness and education in the green space.'
p7
aS"Joe And Anthony Russo In Talks To Form Major Entity With China-Based Huayi ... Deadline - Aug 29, 2016 EXCLUSIVE: Joe and Anthony Russo, who follow Captain America: Civil War with back-to-back sequels to The Avengers, are in negotiations to strike a substantial production partnership with China-based Huayi Brothers Media Corporation. The goal here is to ...Russo Brothers to Form Production Venture With China's Huayi - Hollywood Reporter"
p8
aS'Variety To Host First-Ever Conference On Diversity And Inclusion In Hollywood PR Newswire  - Sep 26, 2016 ... Facebook facebook.com/variety; Twitter, @variety; Instagram, @Variety; Pintrest and Snapchat. The Variety Group - Variety, Variety.'
p9
aS"US Olympic Committee Escapes Lawsuit Over Social Media Gagging Hollywood Reporter - Apr 4, 2017 The judge writes, &quot;If news reports of USOC's letters to other companies warning that only official sponsors of Team USA are permitted to use USOC's trademarks on their corporate social media channels create an actual controversy between USOC and&nbsp;..."
p10
a.