(lp0
S"Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. and Rovi Corporation Slump as Indexes ... Motley Fool - Apr 1, 2016 Starwood was one of the biggest percentage-point losers on the S&amp;P 500, falling 5% after the company announced an end to the bidding war that had sent its shares soaring lately.Starwood's China Suitor Quits Party as Fast as He Crashed It - BloombergChina's Anbang abandons $14 billion bid to buy Starwood Hotels - Reuters"
p1
aS"Why Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc.'s Shares Dropped 10% in May Motley Fool - Jun 2, 2016 What: Shares of gun maker Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc.  fell 10.3% in May, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, as its merger with Marriott International  came under fire."
p2
aS'Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Becomes Oversold  Nasdaq - Sep 9, 2016 In trading on Friday, shares of Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 26.3, after changing hands as low as $74.03 per share.'
p3
aS"Why Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc. Stock Jumped 21% in March Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2016 So what: Starwood had agreed to sell itself to Marriott late last year, creating the world's largest hotel chain, but Anbang jumped into the mix on March 14, sending the stock upward.Anbang's Pursuit of Starwood Always Faced High Hurdles - Wall Street JournalHas Marriott Snatched Defeat From the Jaws of Victory? - 24/7 Wall St."
p4
aS"Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Sep 20, 2016 Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on September 21, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.375 per share is scheduled to be paid on September 30, 2016.China's OK clears last hurdle for Marriott's deal to buy Starwood - ReutersLuxury Santa Fe hotel joins premier hotel group - Albuquerque Business First"
p5
aS"Starwood Hotels Plans to Accept Anbang's $13.2 Billion Bid Bloomberg - Mar 18, 2016 Other lodging stocks also rallied, with Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., the world's largest operator by room count, gaining 3.6 percent.Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc  Option Traders Hope for a ... - Schaeffers Research Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Determines Unsolicited Proposal from Consortium ... - Business Wire "
p6
aS"Shareholders approve sale of Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide Inc to ... Financial Post - Apr 8, 2016 NEW YORK - Marriott International has cleared one of its major hurdles on its journey to acquire rival Starwood and become the world's largest hotel chain.IT'S A DEAL: Marriott is buying Starwood Hotels for $12.4 billion - Business InsiderMarriott and Starwood Shareholders Approve Merger To Become World's Largest ... - Skift"
p7
aS"Marriott International Reaffirms Its Commitment To Acquire Starwood Hotels ... PR Newswire  - Mar 28, 2016 BETHESDA, Md., March 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Marriott International, Inc.  today reaffirmed its commitment to acquire Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, Inc. , confident that the previously announced amended merger&nbsp;...Starwood Hotels bidding war escalates: China's Anbang offers $15 billion - Los Angeles TimesChina's Anbang raises offer for Starwood to $14 billion - Reuters"
p8
aS"Marriott closes $13-billion purchase of Starwood to become world's largest ... Los Angeles Times - Sep 23, 2016 Several of the best-known names in travel are now united in one hotel company. Marriott International closed Friday morning on its $13-billion acquisition of Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, bringing together its Marriott, Courtyard and Ritz ...Marriott Completes $13 Billion Starwood Merger  - Investopedia"
p9
aS"Interval Leisure Group Completes Acquisition of Vistana Signature Experiences ... Business Wire  - May 12, 2016 In addition, ILG's Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. owns and manages the Westin Vacation Club and the Sheraton Vacation Club and uses related trademarks under license from Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Headquartered in Miami, Florida,&nbsp;...Starwood's Timeshare Spinoff Is Complete - Skift"
p10
a.