(lp0
S'Cover story: Are emerging markets the next wildcard investment? Fund Strategy - Apr 20, 2016 Famously Warren Buffett once said that when it comes to investing be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.'
p1
aS'Pacific Investments launches new offering in commercial foreign exchange FX-MM - Apr 30, 2012 Pacific Investments PLC, the private investment vehicle of Sir John Beckwith, has announced the launch of Argentex LLP.'
p2
aS'Royal Mail rivals DPD and Hermes step up parcel delivery competition Financial Times - Feb 8, 2016 The expansion illustrates the large investments pouring into infrastructure in the parcel industry as shoppers shift en masse to ecommerce.'
p3
aS'Rathbones appoints Edinburgh IT chair to the board Citywire.co.uk - Mar 6, 2017 He has also previously been a non-executive director of both Aberdeen Asset Management, Aon and Hermes Fund Managers, as well as serving as president of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland.'
p4
aS'National Grid to sell 61% of gas business to Sino-Australian group Financial Times - Dec 8, 2016 Allianz Capital Partners, UK asset manager Hermes Investment Management and the Qatar Investment Authority are also part of the consortium, along with Amber Infrastructure and Dalmore Capital, two UK fund managers.Clifford Chance and Linklaters advise on 13.8bn National Grid purchase - The Lawyer '
p5
aS"Fund profile: Hermes Global Emerging Markets Money Observer - Sep 11, 2015 This has much to do with the expertise of Gary Greenberg, who has managed the fund since its inception and who brings over 20 years' experience of investing in emerging markets to the portfolio. Greenberg also adds a sustainable edge to the fund, as he&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"IA Unit Trusts &amp; OEICs FE Trustnet - Feb 29, 2016 We reveal the articles that grabbed your attention over the opening three months of the year. ... TopBannerImage. Five cautious funds topping the tables for advisers' second favourite metric."
p7
aS'Next generation of star fund managers: six names tipped to shine Money Observer - Dec 19, 2016 Interactive Investor is 21 years old. To celebrate, our top journalists and the great and the good of the City have written a series of articles discussing some of the changes in the investment world over the past 21 years, and what the future might ...'
p8
aS'UK insolvency levels set to increase five per cent over 2017 SmallBusiness.co.uk - Jan 31, 2017 UK business insolvency will rise by +5 per cent in the next 12 months as the economic slowdown, rising input prices and increased late payment risks begin to take their toll, according to Euler Hermes. ... The broad-based increase in insolvencies will ...'
p9
aS"Schroders posts fund inflows before AGM protest Financial Times - Apr 28, 2016 Three shareholder advisory groups - Institutional Shareholder Services, Glass Lewis, and Pension &amp; Investment Research Consultants - are recommending votes at the AGM starting at 11.30am against Mr Dobson's move.Emerging Markets Back in Favor Lifts Schroders Assets to Record - Bloomberg"
p10
a.