(lp0
S'Heartland Payment Systems Inc. Soars on Acquisition by Global Payments Inc. Motley Fool - Dec 16, 2015 What: Shares of payment processor Heartland Payment Systems  jumped on Wednesday after news broke that Global Payments  had agreed to acquire the company. At 12:15 p.m. EST Wednesday, Heartland stock was up about&nbsp;...Global Payments to Buy Heartland Payment Systems for $3.8 Billion - Wall Street JournalGlobal Payments to Acquire Heartland Payment Systems for $4.3 Billion ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS"Heartland Payment Systems, Inc. Aims at Big Players in Payment Processing Motley Fool - Oct 31, 2014 Merchant services provider Heartland Payment Systems  doesn't carry the same brand awareness as card network giants Visa  and MasterCard ."
p2
aS'Heartland Payment Systems Suffers Data Breach Forbes - May 31, 2015 Heartland Payment Systems suffered a data breach on May 8th that affected their payroll customers. This is unfortunate news when you take into account that they analysts were of a mind that the company would be posting a $0.64 earnings per share.'
p3
aS'Heartland Payment Systems Inc. Jumps on Acquisition Rumors Motley Fool - Dec 10, 2015 What: Shares of payment processing company Heartland Payment Systems  jumped on Thursday following a report by Bloomberg that Global Payments  is in talks to buy the company. At 2:40 p.m. Thursday afternoon, Heartland stock&nbsp;...Global Payments Said to Be in Talks to Buy Heartland Payment - BloombergHeartland Payment Systems  Stock Soars on Possible Global Payments Deal - TheStreet.com'
p4
aS'Heartland Payment Systems, Forcht Bank Discover Data Breaches BankInfoSecurity.com - Jan 20, 2009 Heartland Payment Systems, the sixth-largest payments processor in the U.S., announced Monday that its processing systems were breached in 2008, exposing an undetermined number of consumers to potential fraud.Payment processor Heartland reports breach - CNET NewsMassive Theft of Credit Card Numbers Reported - PC World'
p5
aS'Heartland Payment Systems Acquires Leaf Business Wire  - Aug 14, 2014 Heartland Payment Systems, Inc. , the fifth largest payments processor in the United States, delivers credit/debit/prepaid card processing, mobile commerce, e-commerce, marketing solutions, security technology, payroll solutions, and related&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Heartland Payment Systems to Acquire TouchNet Information Systems, Inc. Business Wire  - Jul 30, 2014 PRINCETON, N.J.----Heartland Payment Systems , one of the nation's largest payment processors and a leading provider of merchant business solutions, announced today that it has entered into an agreement to acquire&nbsp;...Why Heartland Payment Systems  Stock Is Soaring Today - TheStreet.comHeartland Payment Systems acquires TouchNet for $375 million - CR80News"
p7
aS'Heartland Payment Systems Finishes 2015 Strong, Prepares for Global Payments ... Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2016 Heartland Payment Systems  accepted a bid from rival Global Payments  in December in a $4.3 billion deal.'
p8
aS'YourCause Announces Partnership with Heartland Payment Systems CSRwire.com  - Apr 20, 2016 PLANO, Texas, Apr. 20 /CSRwire/ - YourCause, provider of CSRconnect Employee Engagement Platform, and Heartland Payment Systems, Inc. , a leader in online payment processing in the United States, announced a strategic partnership&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Heartland Payment shares soar on $4.3 bln buyout by Global Payments MarketWatch - Dec 15, 2015 Shares of Heartland Payment Systems Inc. HPY, +2.38% soared in Tuesday's extended session following an announcement that it will be bought by Global Payments Inc. GPN, +0.04% at $100 a share for a total value of $4.3 billion."
p10
a.