(lp0
S"Harris Corporation employees to pack care kits for soldiers WSET - Apr 12, 2017 ... veterans; military families; first responders; wounded warriors and their care givers,&quot; a company press release states. The company says the event is part of Harris' HEART  enterprise-wide service ..."
p1
aS"Congressman Diaz-Balart Discusses Air Traffic Management, Defense at Harris ... Business Wire  - Apr 11, 2017 Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart meets with Harris Corporation Chairman, President and CEO Bill Brown during a visit to the company's headquarters in Melbourne, Florida."
p2
aS'Harris quiets speculation, sheds Herndon government IT division Washington Business Journal - Jan 27, 2017 After months of speculation, Melbourne, Florida-based Harris Corp.  announced Friday it is selling its government IT services division to New York private equity group Veritas Capital for $690 million in cash.Harris Corporation to Sell its Government IT Services Business to Veritas ... - Business Wire Harris Corp to sell government IT services unit for $690 million - Reuters'
p3
aS"Orlando Magic and Harris Corporation Host First Responders Night on Saturday OrlandoMagic.com - Apr 7, 2017 ORLANDO - The Orlando Magic and Harris Corporation will honor emergency medical personnel, firefighters, police officers, sheriff's deputies and corrections officers during First Responder Night on Saturday, April 8, when the Magic take on the Indiana&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Bright Spot: Harris Corp's HEART program 13WHAM-TV - Apr 4, 2017 &quot;In Rochester today, we have 28,000 students in the Rochester City School District and over 80 percent of those students are eligible for the free or reduced lunch program,&quot; said Adam Histed, one of the workers at Harris Corp. &quot;So this program through&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Avtec Inc. and Harris Corporation Announce New Strategic Alliance GlobeNewswire  - Mar 22, 2017 LEXINGTON, S.C., March 22, 2017  -- Avtec Inc., the leading independent provider of dispatch consoles, and Harris Corporation's Public Safety and Professional Communications  business, have signed an agreement giving&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Harris Corporation Employees Pack Food for New York and New Jersey Children Business Wire  - Apr 7, 2017 CLIFTON, N.J.----About 400 employees from Harris Corporation's  New York and New Jersey operations gathered this week to assemble 8,000 food packs to help feed low-income children during weekends.How has Harris Corporation performed recently? - The Daily Leicester"
p7
aS"Harris Corporation Achieves Critical Delivery and Cost Savings Milestones for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 Harris Corporation  has achieved major cost savings and delivery milestones for avionics supporting the F-35 Lightning II, the world's most advanced multi-role fighter aircraft that provides unmatched capabilities to military forces around ...Harris details milestones for F-35 avionics - Seeking AlphaAnalytical Guide for WW Grainger, Inc. , Harris Corporation (HRS ... - The USA Commerce"
p8
aS'U.S. Navy buys 300 BRU-55A/A bomb ejector racks UPI.com - 19 hours ago April 17  -- Harris Corporation subsidiary EDO Corp. Defense Systems received a $29 million contract to deliver BRU-55A/A bomb ejector racks to the U.S.'
p9
aS'Investors in Harris Corporation  are paying above the intrinsic value Simply Wall St - Apr 11, 2017 I am going to run you through how I calculated the intrinsic value of Harris  by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p10
a.