(lp0
S'US Geothermal Inc : How Well Does It Fare Against This Financial Health ... Simply Wall St - 17 hours ago Investors are always looking for growth in small-cap stocks like US Geothermal Inc  with its market cap of USD $78 Million.US Geothermal Inc  Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Cowen and Company - BBNSThe US Geothermal Inc  Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Cowen and Company - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'US Geothermal Inc. to Present at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference GlobeNewswire  - Feb 27, 2017 BOISE, Idaho, March 08, 2017  -- U.S. Geothermal Inc. , a leading and profitable renewable energy company focused on the development, production, and sale of electricity from geothermal energy, today announced&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'US Geothermal Inc. to Host Conference Call to Discuss Fourth Quarter and Year ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 22, 2017 BOISE, Idaho, Feb. 22, 2017  -- U.S. Geothermal Inc.  , a leading and profitable renewable energy company focused on the development, production, and sale of electricity from geothermal energy,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'US Geothermal Inc. Provides Update on Development and Expansion Projects Marketwired  - Feb 6, 2017 BOISE, IDAHO-- - U.S. Geothermal Inc.  , a leading and profitable renewable energy company focused on the development, production and sale of electricity from geothermal energy, is pleased to&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'4.13 MarketWatch - Dec 21, 2009 U.S. Geothermal, Inc. is a renewable energy company which engages in the construction, management and operation of power plants which utilizes geothermal resources to produce electricity.'
p5
aS'US Geothermal Inc. Expands Board and Appoints Ali G. Hedayat to Its Board of ... Marketwired  - Jan 31, 2017 BOISE, IDAHO-- - U.S. Geothermal Inc.  , a leading and profitable renewable energy company focused on the development, production and sale of electricity from geothermal energy, today&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'US Geothermal Is An Open-Ended Story Seeking Alpha - Nov 28, 2014 U.S. Geothermal Inc. , is a company that acquires and builds geothermal energy generation plants throughout parts of the United States and is also operating a project in Guatemala.'
p7
aS'US Geothermal Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results and ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 BOISE, Idaho, March 09, 2017  -- U.S. Geothermal Inc.  , a leading and profitable renewable energy company focused on the development, production, and sale of electricity from geothermal energy,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'2 Geothermal Pure Plays At Their Turning Points Seeking Alpha - May 26, 2016 There are only two pure geothermal plays listed on major exchanges: Polaris Infrastructure  and U.S. Geothermal Inc . In this article, I would like to do a quick review of the recent developments at these plays.'
p9
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up US Geothermal Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Feb 9, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, U.S. Geothermal Inc. is engaged in the renewable green energy business. The Company, through its subsidiary U.S. Geothermal Inc. , is engaged in the acquisition, development and utilization of&nbsp;..."
p10
a.