(lp0
S"Annaly completes $1.5 billion purchase of Hatteras Financial Winston-Salem Journal - Jul 12, 2016 Hatteras Financial Corp. has been sold officially to Annaly Capital Management Inc., the buyer announced today. Annaly said in a statement that 74.1 percent of Hatteras' outstanding common stock, or 70 million, were validly committed to approval of the ...Annaly Capital Management, Inc. Completes Exchange Offer for Hatteras ... - Yahoo FinanceAnnaly  Closes $1.5B Acquisition of Hatteras Financial - Zacks.com"
p1
aS'Why Hatteras Financial Corp Stock Jumped Today Motley Fool - Apr 11, 2016 Under the terms of the merger agreement, Hatteras Financial Corp shareholders can elect to receive one of the following forms of compensation for their shares.Annaly Capital Management, Inc. to Acquire Hatteras Financial Corp. for $1.5 ... - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June 21, 2016 Nasdaq - Jun 20, 2016 Hatteras Financial Corp  will begin trading ex-dividend on June 21, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.45 per share is scheduled to be paid on July 08, 2016.'
p3
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Announces Hires Business Wire  - Jun 4, 2014 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----Hatteras Financial Corp.   today announced that Michael Nardacci and Kent Willard have joined the management team at Onslow Bay Financial LLC ,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Hatteras Financial faces second local shareholder lawsuit Winston-Salem Journal - Jun 3, 2016 Friedman claims Hatteras agreed to a no-solicitation component with Annaly that prohibited the board and management from pursuing other offers, and required them to notify Annaly of any unsolicited proposals.'
p5
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Pingora ... Business Wire  - Jun 24, 2015 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----Hatteras Financial Corp.   today announced that it has entered into a definitive purchase agreement to acquire Pingora Asset Management, LLC &nbsp;...Hatteras Financial  to Buy Pingora Asset Management and Pingora Loan ... - StreetInsider.com'
p6
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Declares Short Period Dividend on Shares of Common ... Business Wire  - Jul 1, 2016 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement by and between Hatteras Financial Corp.  , Annaly Capital Management, Inc.   and Ridgeback Merger&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp. Announces Acquisition of Pingora Asset Management and ... Business Wire  - Aug 31, 2015 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.----Hatteras Financial Corp.   today announced the completion of its acquisition of Pingora Asset Management, LLC  and Pingora Loan Servicing,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Annaly Capital Management, Inc. Extends Exchange Offer to Acquire Hatteras ... Business Wire  - Jun 15, 2016 NEW YORK----Annaly Capital Management, Inc.   announced that it has extended its previously announced exchange offer  to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Hatteras Financial&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Hatteras Financial Corp.  Terminates Agreement With Atlantic Capital Market Exclusive - Jul 13, 2016 Hatteras Financial Corp.  has announced the termination of a management agreement with Atlantic Capital Advisors LLC.'
p10
a.