(lp0
S"Carl Icahn's Hertz Bet Not Looking So Good Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 ... my watch list, including Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. , Monro Muffler Brake Inc. , Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. , and Range Resources Corporation . Ultimately, after kicking the tires, I am negative on SBH,&nbsp;...Hertz Global Holdings, Inc  Bond Prices Rise 1% - The Cerbat GemHertz Global Holdings, Inc. Posted gains of 3.36% in the Last Trade - Free Observer"
p1
aS'The Warning Sign That Sent Shares of Hertz Global and Avis Budget Lower Today Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Shares of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  and Avis Budget Group Inc. , both engaged in car and truck rentals, among other services, were trading 10% and 8% lower at 2:55 p.m.Ally profit warning deepens angst over slumping used-car prices - The Spokesman-Review'
p2
aS"Taking a Look at Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - 22 hours ago Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Rental &amp; Leasing Services.Hertz Global Holdings  Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.07 - Markets DailyRunning Mover to Focus: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.'s  stock price is ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p3
aS'Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  And The Naked Truth Exposed In Its Technicals NY Stock News - 20 hours ago Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p4
aS"Hertz becomes first to offer full car rental services at London Gatwick ... PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 LONDON, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  announced that Hertz UK has launched a full rental service from Sofitel London Gatwick Hotel, becoming the only car rental company to have fleet available at the airport's&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'The Technical Chart Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 The technicals for Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p6
aS"The Charts For Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes Today NY Stock News - Apr 11, 2017 Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p7
aS'Just the Facts on Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 30, 2017 Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Rental &amp; Leasing Services.Hertz Global Holdings, Inc  Bonds Drop 1.4% During Trading - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'How Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  And Its Technical Chart Is Making Things ... NY Stock News - Apr 6, 2017 Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p9
aS'Chart Revelations As Seen From Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  NY Stock News - Apr 4, 2017 The technicals for Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p10
a.