(lp0
S"After acquiring local startup, Huron Consulting Group growing Salesforce team ... Buffalo Business First - Aug 15, 2016 Salesforce is the world's leading customer-relationship management  software, and Huron's Salesforce segment helps businesses implement the software so that it's customized to an individual company and works with other platforms used by that&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Huron Consulting Group  Names John D. Kelly as EVP and CFO StreetInsider.com - Jan 6, 2017 Global professional services firm Huron  today announced Gordon J. Mountford will step down as leader of the healthcare practice, and John D. Kelly has been promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.'
p2
aS'Huron Consulting Group buys Oracle specialist ADI Strategies Consultancy.uk - Apr 29, 2016 Huron Consulting Group has acquired ADI Strategies, a US based Oracle specialist with a focus on enterprise performance management, risk management, and business intelligence.'
p3
aS"Huron Consulting is rebranding to reflect firm's evolution Chicago Business Journal - Sep 13, 2016 The new logo includes a brand mark that is called the &quot;Huron link.&quot; It reflects Huron's culture of partnership and collaboration, and connotes the entrepreneurial spirit that exists across Huron's business. Huron also has refreshed its website with ...Huron Introduces New Brand Strategy to Highlight Firm's Identity and Evolution - Business Wire "
p4
aS"Huron Consulting Group Acquires HSM Consulting: 6 Things to Know HIT Consultant - Jul 27, 2016 As part of the acquisition, more than 100 experienced HSM consultants will join Huron, with David Devine, HSM's chief executive officer, joining as a managing director.Huron Consulting Group to Acquire HSM Consulting, Expanding Healthcare ... - Business Wire Huron Consulting buys Health Services Management to bolster EHR and health IT ... - Healthcare IT News"
p5
aS'Huron Consulting Group  Acquires Pope Woodhead &amp; Associates StreetInsider.com - Jan 9, 2017 Global professional services firm Huron  today announced that it has expanded its life sciences strategy expertise with the acquisition of Pope Woodhead &amp; Associates.'
p6
aS'Huron Consulting Group  Upgraded to Outperform by Avondale Partners The Cerbat Gem - Apr 17, 2017 Avondale Partners upgraded shares of Huron Consulting Group  from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research report report published on Friday morning.Huron Consulting Group  Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.39 - Markets DailyHuron Consulting Group  COO C. Mark Hussey Sells 2500 Shares - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Huron Consulting Group Closes Acquisition of ADI Strategies Business Wire  - May 2, 2016 CHICAGO----Huron Consulting Group , a leading provider of business consulting services, today completed its acquisition of the U.S.'
p8
aS"Huron Consulting Group's  CEO James Roth on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 24, 2017 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Huron Consulting Group's Webcast to discuss financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016."
p9
aS'Huron Consulting Group seeks to acquire HSM Consulting Consultancy.uk - Aug 4, 2016 Huron Consulting Group is seeking to acquire Massachusetts-based HSM Consulting for an undisclosed sum. The deal would provide Huron with expanded capabilities in the healthcare digitalisation space; the combined entity, able to provide almost all EHR&nbsp;...'
p10
a.