(lp0
S"Why Headwaters Inc.'s Shares Popped 17% Today Motley Fool - Nov 21, 2016 Shares of cement company Headwaters Inc.  jumped as much as 18.8% on Monday after announcing the company will be bought out.Boral to Acquire Headwaters Inc. - Wall Street JournalHeadwaters Incorporated Enters into Definitive Merger Agreement to Be Acquired ... - Business Wire "
p1
aS'Headwaters Incorporated Acquires Dallas-based Krestmark Incorporated Utah Business - Aug 23, 2016 South JordanHeadwaters Incorporated, a building products company dedicated to improving lives through innovative advancements in construction materials, announced Tuesday the closing of its acquisition of Dallas-based Krestmark Industries and the&nbsp;...Headwaters Incorporated Announces Closing of Krestmark Industries Acquisition ... - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Headwaters Incorporated Announces Results for First Quarter of Fiscal 2017 Business Wire  - Jan 31, 2017 SOUTH JORDAN, UTAH---- HEADWATERS INCORPORATED, a building products company dedicated to improving lives through innovative advancements in construction materials, today announced results for its first quarter&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Headwaters Incorporated Announces Results for Third Quarter of Fiscal 2016 Business Wire  - Aug 2, 2016 SOUTH JORDAN, Utah----HEADWATERS INCORPORATED , a building products company dedicated to improving lives through innovative advancements in construction materials, today announced results for its third quarter of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Headwaters Incorporated Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Results Business Wire  - Nov 1, 2016 SOUTH JORDAN, Utah---- HEADWATERS INCORPORATED, a building products company dedicated to improving lives through innovative advancements in construction materials, today announced results for its fourth quarter&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Looking Beyond Headwaters Inc. 's Disappointing F3Q Scibility Media - Aug 3, 2016 The kind of earnings and revenue that Headwaters Inc.  posted in its F3Q2016 didn't impress anyone, save for the management that tried to highlight improvements in the results from a year ago period."
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Headwaters Incorporated  versus United States Lime ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Headwaters Incorporated  versus United States Lime &amp; Minerals Inc  .'
p7
aS'Brokerages Set Headwaters Inc  PT at $22.95 The Cerbat Gem - Apr 9, 2017 Headwaters logo Headwaters Inc  has received an average recommendation of Hold from the eleven brokerages that are currently covering the company.$249.94 Million in Sales Expected for Headwaters Inc  This Quarter - Markets DailyHeadwaters Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p8
aS'Headwaters, Inc. Shareholder Alert: Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe and ... Business Wire  - Nov 21, 2016 DALLAS----Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe and the securities litigation firm of Powers Taylor LLP are investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of Headwaters, Inc.'
p9
aS'HEADWATERS INCORPORATED SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky &amp; Long, PA Announces ... Business Wire  - Nov 21, 2016 Rigrodsky &amp; Long, P.A. announces that it is investigating potential legal claims against the board of directors of Headwaters Incorporated   regarding possible breaches of fiduciary duties and other violations ...'
p10
a.