(lp0
S'Market Center: Watching the Levels for iBio, Inc.  BVN - 9 hours ago Taking a closer look at some quality ratios for iBio, Inc. , the firm has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.019553.'
p1
aS'iBio, Inc. , Eastern Capital Enter JV to Develop Plant-Made Pharmaceuticals StreetInsider.com - Jan 14, 2016 iBio, Inc.  announced the formation of a joint venture with affiliates of Eastern Capital Limited  to develop and manufacture plant-made pharmaceuticals.iBio Forms Joint Venture CMO for Large-Scale Pharmaceuticals Manufacturing in ... - CNNMoney'
p2
aS'Following the Numbers for This Stock: Ibio Inc  Rives Journal - 18 hours ago Taking a peek at some moving average levels on shares of Ibio Inc , the 200-day is at 0.5, the 50-day is 0.42, and the 7-day is sitting at 0.41.'
p3
aS"iBio, Inc.  Arranges Production of IBIO-CFB03 With Caliber Biotherapeutics StreetInsider.com - Apr 27, 2015 iBio, Inc. , has engaged Caliber Biotherapeutics LLC to scale-up and produce materials for clinical development of the first of iBio's proprietary anti-fibrosis products, IBIO-CFB03."
p4
aS'What Happened to Ibio Inc  MicroCap Daily - May 17, 2015 Ibio Inc  continues to make higher highs and higher lows since reversing off $0.50 lows in February. The stock made a spectacular move up in October of last year after IBIO offered to assist the U.S.'
p5
aS'iBio, Inc. Receives FDA Orphan Drug Designation for Fibrosis Product Candidate Yahoo Finance - Jul 5, 2016 NEW YORK, NY-- - iBio, Inc. , a leading provider of plant-based biotechnology for developing and manufacturing biological products, announced that the United States Food and Drug Administration  has&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'iBio Grants Caliber License for Production of Antibodies Targeting Ebola Marketwired  - Nov 10, 2014 NEWARK, DE-- - iBio, Inc.  and Caliber Biotherapeutics LLC executed an agreement, effective today, for an emergency use license to the iBioLaunch platform for production by Caliber of antibodies that ...'
p7
aS'iBio, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 iBio, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p8
aS"iBio Is Not The Partner Of Mapp's Ebola Drug Seeking Alpha  - Oct 13, 2014 iBio  was up big on a massive 13.2M shares on Friday in response to speculation that it may be a manufacture partner in the government's efforts to ramp up production of Mapp Biopharmaceuticals' Ebola drug ZMapp.Why iBio  Stock Is Plummeting Today - TheStreet.com"
p9
aS'iBio, Inc. and GE Healthcare form new global alliance PR Newswire  - Jul 26, 2012 NEWARK, Del. and CHALFONT ST GILES, England, July 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- iBio, Inc. , and GE Healthcare, the healthcare business of GE , announced today a new global alliance to commercialize plant-based&nbsp;...GE Healthcare, iBio Join to Use Plant-based Technologies to Manufacture ... - IndustryWeek'
p10
a.