(lp0
S"Market: The Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  Shares Bought by BlackRock ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 27, 2017 Tower Research Capital LLC TRC raised its position in Interactive Brokers Group by 2,477.5% in the second quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 4,588 shares of the company's stock worth $162,000 after buying an additional 4,410 shares&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Market: The Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  Position Decreased by ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in Interactive Brokers Group by 31.7% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 3,452 shares of the company's ..."
p2
aS'Currency Headwinds a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Earnings Motley Fool - Jan 18, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  continues to be an attractive trading platform for funds and smaller investors, growing its active accounts and equity once again in the fourth quarter of 2016.Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.   Stock Valuation - ValueWalkWhy Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. stock is subdued - FX Daily Report'
p3
aS"Interactive Brokers Group Downgraded: What You Need to Know Motley Fool - Apr 3, 2017 Last year, Interactive Brokers' market-making unit generated $44 million in pre-tax profits on $190 million in revenue -- a not insubstantial 23.2% profit margin, but not quite as good a business as the company's flagship electronic brokerage, where ...Interactive Brokers Faces Growth Concerns: Time to Sell? - Zacks.comWinding Down Market Making Operations Costs Interactive Brokers Its Market ... - Benzinga"
p4
aS"Will Client Growth Drive Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Higher in Q2? Motley Fool - Jul 13, 2016 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s  move to service a broader swath of the investment community has come with some strange side effects for the business."
p5
aS'Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods Reaffirms Buy Rating for Interactive Brokers Group ... The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  in a report released on Wednesday.Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  Receives Consensus Rating of &quot;Hold ... - Sports PerspectivesThe Arlington Value Capital LLC Has $74842000 Position in Interactive Brokers ... - Petro Global News 24'
p6
aS"Slow Trading Is a Drag on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 21, 2016 Investors aren't trading in the volume they once were in today's relatively calm market and that's hurting both Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s  brokerage and market-making businesses. The slowdown will likely be a temporary calm until&nbsp;...The Best Broker for Dividend Investors: Interactive Brokers  - ValueWalk"
p7
aS"Interactive Brokers Sees DARTs Drop YoY and MoM in March 2017 Finance Magnates - Apr 4, 2017 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. , the publicly-listed global electronic multi-asset broker and market-maker, has reported its volumes for the month ending March 2017, showing a weak performance with regard to its Daily Average Revenue&nbsp;...Interactive Brokers'  March DARTs Record Y/Y Decline - Nasdaq"
p8
aS'Interactive Brokers Group Reports Brokerage Metrics and Other Financial ... Business Wire  - Apr 3, 2017 About Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.: Interactive Brokers Group affiliates provide automated trade execution and custody of securities, commodities and foreign exchange around the clock on over 120 markets in numerous countries and currencies, from a&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'A Deep Dive Into Interactive Brokers Decision To Cease Market Making Operations Benzinga - Mar 9, 2017 Wells Fargo maintained its Market Perform rating on Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. , which announced its decision to close its market making operations and solely focus on e-brokerage business.Interactive Brokers Group Announces Decision to Cease Options Market Making ... - Business Wire Interactive Brokers to Stop Options Market-Making Activities - Nasdaq'
p10
a.