(lp0
S'ICU Medical, Inc. Provides Update on Hospira Infusion Systems Transaction GlobeNewswire  - Jan 5, 2017 SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., Jan. 05, 2017  -- ICU Medical, Inc. , a leader in the development, manufacture and sale of innovative medical devices used in infusion therapy, oncology and critical care applications, today&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'ICU Medical Launches the All-New Diana Compounding Workflow System at the ... PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ICU Medical, Inc.  today announced the launch of the all-new Diana compounding workflow system at the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists  Midyear Meeting and Exhibition in Las Vegas&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'New Management At ICU Medical Has Produced Positive Results Seeking Alpha - Apr 19, 2016 ICU Medical, Inc.  is a $1.6 billion, global, healthcare company, headquartered in San Clemente, California, that develops, manufactures, and sells medical devices used in infusion therapy, oncology, and critical care applications.'
p3
aS"ICU Medical To Buy Pfizer Unit in $1 Billion Deal Wall Street Journal - Oct 6, 2016 ICU Medical Inc. agreed to buy Pfizer Inc.'s infusion-systems business in a $1 billion cash-and-stock deal, giving the California medical-device maker a larger footprint in the global market.ICU Medical to Buy Pfizer's Infusion Unit for $1 Billion - Bloomberg"
p4
aS'Equity Sheet: Reviewing the Levels for ICU Medical, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 7 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. ICU Medical, Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 2465106. The EV is used to show how the market assigns value to a&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'ICU Medical - Getting An Infusion With The Pfizer Deal Seeking Alpha - Oct 10, 2016 The deal offers tremendous strategic and financial benefits, having the potential to be very accretive. While I like the deal a lot, and understand the enthusiasm among investors, shares were trading at premium valuation multiples from the start.Pfizer Divests Hospira Infusion Systems To ICU, Retaining An Interest In The ... - Forbes'
p6
aS'ICU Medical - Pfizer Deal Gets Cheaper For The Wrong Reason, Not Appealing Yet ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 8, 2017 In October of last year, ICU Medical announced that it would acquire Pfizers  Hospira Infusion System business .ICU MEDICAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive ... - Market Exclusive'
p7
aS'Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate ICU Medical, Incorporated  Will Post ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 16, 2017 ICU Medical, logo Brokerages forecast that ICU Medical, Incorporated  will announce $212.89 million in sales for the current quarter, according to Zacks.GSA Capital Partners LLP Lowers Position in ICU Medical, Incorporated  - BBNSZacks: Brokerages Expect ICU Medical, Incorporated  Will Post Earnings ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS"The Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 7814 Shares of ICU Medical, Incorporated  Petro Global News 24 - 12 hours ago Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of ICUI. Janus Capital Management LLC increased its position in ICU Medical, by 276.1% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 516,469 shares of the company's&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Zacks: Analysts Anticipate ICU Medical, Incorporated  Will Announce ... Markets Daily - Apr 14, 2017 ICU Medical, logo Wall Street brokerages forecast that ICU Medical, Incorporated  will report $0.29 earnings per share  for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research.ICU Medical, Incorporated  Stake Held by State Board of Administration ... - Community Financial News'
p10
a.