(lp0
S'Industrial Services of America, Inc. Announces 2016 Operating Results ... Business Wire  - Mar 31, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Industrial Services of America, Inc. , , a company that buys, processes and markets ferrous and non-ferrous metals and other recyclable commodities, and buys used autos in&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"BRIEF-Industrial Services of America says entered into amended credit facility ... Reuters - Mar 31, 2017 CARACAS, April 1 Venezuela's Defense Council called for the Supreme Court to review its decision this week to annul the opposition-led congress, which has led to protests and international condemnation."
p2
aS"Industrial Services of America, Inc. Announces Sale of Company's Waste ... Business Wire  - Dec 14, 2015 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Industrial Services of America, Inc. , , a company that buys, processes and markets ferrous and non-ferrous metals and other recyclable commodities, offers waste management&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Is Industrial Services of America Inc's  Balance Sheet A Threat To Its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 23, 2017 While small-cap stocks, such as Industrial Services of America Inc  with its market cap of USD $13 Million, are popular for their explosive growth, investors should also pay heed to their balance sheet to judge whether the company can ..."
p4
aS'Louisville company names new president, reviews strategic alternatives Louisville Business First - Oct 6, 2016 Industrial Services of America Inc., which buys, processes and markets metals and other recyclable commodities, has terminated a management agreement with Algar Inc. According to a filing with the U.S.'
p5
aS"Most Volatile Stock of Thursday: Industrial Services of America, Inc.'s (IDSA ... WsNews 4investors - 20 hours ago Industrial Services of America, Inc.  stock price escalated 2.11% to finalize at $1.45 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p6
aS'Numbers in View on Shares of Industrial Services of America, Inc.  Geneva Journal - 9 hours ago Investors may be checking out multiple metrics for Industrial Services of America, Inc. . Currently, the company has an MF Rank  of 13712.'
p7
aS"Top Positive Mover of Friday: Industrial Services of America, Inc.'s (IDSA ... WsNews 4investors - Mar 20, 2017 Industrial Services of America, Inc.  stock price escalated 7.89% to finalize at $2.05 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p8
aS'Under the Microscope We Place Shares of Industrial Services of America, Inc ... Morgan Research - 12 hours ago Savvy investors are constantly on the lookout when it comes to picking stocks at bargain prices. As of late, investors have been taking notice of Industrial Services of America, Inc.  shares. During recent trading, shares saw a move of -2 ...'
p9
aS"Volatile Buzzer Inside Radar: Industrial Services of America, Inc.'s (IDSA ... WsNews 4investors - Apr 12, 2017 Industrial Services of America, Inc.  stock price distance from twenty day simple moving average slumped at -13.30% while its distance from fifty day simple moving average declined -26.28% along with -20.09% below distance from two hundred simple&nbsp;..."
p10
a.