(lp0
S"Ingles Markets Is Still Cheap - But It's Still Unclear When The Company Will ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 5, 2017 Even a cursory look at the U.S. grocery space would suggest that Ingles Markets  is a likely acquisition target."
p1
aS"Ingles Markets Incorporated : Dividend is coming in 3 days, should you buy? Simply Wall St - Mar 31, 2017 Shares of Ingles Markets  will begin trading ex-dividend in 3 days. To qualify for the dividend check of $0.17 per share, investors must have owned the shares prior to Tue 04 Apr 2017, which is the last day the company's management will&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Ingles Markets Has A Bright Future Ahead Seeking Alpha  - Mar 9, 2015 While Ingles has lately been closing supermarkets, it is opening gasoline stations and pharmacies for which demand is forecast to be robust in 2015.'
p3
aS'Ingles Markets, Incorporated Risk Points versus Consumer Staples CML News - Apr 7, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Ingles Markets, Incorporated  compared to its own past and the Consumer Staples ETF.Ingles Markets, Incorporated  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p4
aS"Ingles Markets'  CEO Robert Ingle Discusses Q1 2015 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha  - Feb 6, 2015 Ingles Markets Incorporated does not undertake to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise."
p5
aS'Traders Take Note: Ingles Markets, Incorporated  Stock Drops ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Take Note: Ingles Markets, Incorporated  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Ingles Markets, Incorporated Announces Executive Changes Business Wire  - Mar 25, 2016 ASHEVILLE, N.C.----Ingles Markets, Incorporated  announced that effective today, Robert P. Ingle, II and the Company's Board of Directors appointed Jim Lanning as CEO/President of Ingles Markets, Inc. Mr. Lanning will&nbsp;...Lanning named Ingles president and CEO - Asheville Citizen-TimesIngles Names New CEO/President - Progressive Grocer"
p7
aS'Stock Alert: Ingles Markets, Incorporated Stock Volatility Hits A Lowered Level CML News - Mar 28, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Ingles Markets, Incorporated  has seen its stock price move at a weakened level.'
p8
aS'Ingles Markets, Incorporated  Given Average Rating of Strong Buy by ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 6, 2017 Ingles Markets, logo Shares of Ingles Markets, Incorporated  have received a consensus broker rating score of 1.00  from the one brokers that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Ingles Markets, Incorporated  has been upgraded to Hold in a ... - Breaking Finance News'
p9
aS'Stock Focus: Checking the Chart for Ingles Markets, Incorporated  The Standard - Apr 16, 2017 Checking the Value Composite score for Ingles Markets, Incorporated , we see that the company has a rank of 10.'
p10
a.