(lp0
S"Immersion: Unexpected Good News And Expected Bad News Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2017 Last week, Immersion Corporation's  stock moved strongly downwards and upwards in a very short period of time due to two different pieces of news: the announcement that Apple  had been granted the inter parties review of&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Immersion: The Good, The Bad And The Unknown Seeking Alpha - May 5, 2016 Immersion Corporation  will report Q1 2016 results today after market close. Recently, the stock has been on a downtrend, mainly caused by a lack of key news concerning the Samsung  renewal or the Apple &nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Immersion Corporation and Lenovo Enter Into Licensing Agreement for TouchSense Business Wire  - Jun 27, 2016 SAN JOSE, Calif.----Immersion Corporation , the leading developer and licensor of touch feedback technology, today announced that it has signed a multi-year agreement with Lenovo PC HK Ltd.'
p3
aS'Immersion Corporation Reports First Quarter 2016 Results; Files Second ... Business Wire  - May 5, 2016 Immersion will host a conference call with company management on Thursday, May 5, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time (5:00 p.m.'
p4
aS'Immersion Renews License Agreement with Meizu Yahoo Finance - Apr 10, 2017 Immersion Corp. , the leading developer and licensor of touch feedback technology, today announced that it has renewed a license agreement with Meizu Technology Co.Immersion Corporation  renewed license agreement with Meizu ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p5
aS"Cannes Lions and Immersion Corporation Partner to Showcase the Power of Touch ... Business Wire  - Jun 17, 2016 SAN JOSE, Calif.----At this year's Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, Immersion Corporation , the leading developer and licensor of haptic technology, will demonstrate how tactile effects strengthen mobile&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Immersion Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 03 Equities.com - Mar 3, 2017 Immersion Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 03, as the stock lost 19.74% to close at $8.58. On the day, Immersion Corporation saw 2.57 million shares trade hands on 15,004 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a ...Stock inside Traders Spotlight: Immersion Corporation  - StandardOracle'
p7
aS'Immersion Reaches Agreement With VIEX Capital Advisors, LLC Business Wire  - Feb 7, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif.----Immersion Corp. , the leading developer and licensor of touch feedback technology, today confirmed that it has entered into a cooperation agreement with VIEX Capital Advisors, LLC and its affiliates,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Immersion Names Nancy Erba as Chief Financial Officer Business Wire  - Sep 7, 2016 This press release contains &quot;forward-looking statements&quot; that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause the results of Immersion Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries ...'
p9
aS'US Federal Court of Appeals Rules in Favor of Immersion Business Wire  - Jun 21, 2016 SAN JOSE, Calif.----Immersion Corporation , the leading developer and licensor of touch feedback technology, today announced that the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit issued a unanimous ruling&nbsp;...'
p10
a.