(lp0
S'IMPRIMIS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... Market Exclusive - 13 hours ago Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  is engaged in the development, production and dispensing of compounded pharmaceuticals.Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc  Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemAre Insiders Purchasing Their Own Shares of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc ... - The Herald'
p1
aS'BRIEF-Imprimis Pharmaceuticals says entered sales &amp; marketing agreement Reuters - 12 hours ago Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc - on april 13, co entered into a strategic sales &amp; marketing agreement with Cameron Ehlen Group, Inc. DBA Precision Lens.'
p2
aS'Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Still Has Upside Seeking Alpha - Apr 3, 2017 Ophthalmology product launches and growth in currently commercialized products should continue to spur revenue growth. Monetisation of unique drug formulations could significantly impact balance sheet.Analysts Expect Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc  to Post  EPS - The Cerbat GemComplete Analysis of: Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  - StandardOracle'
p3
aS'IMPRIMIS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - 11 hours ago IMPRIMIS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.'
p4
aS"Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Announces Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial ... PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2017 With a compounded annual growth rate from 2014-2016 of 245%, Imprimis was recently ranked the 4th fastest growing biotech/pharmaceutical company and the 12th overall fastest growing company on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 ranking of North&nbsp;...Imprimis Pharmaceuticals to Raise $3.1 Million in Registered Direct Offering - Yahoo FinanceImprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Analyst Rating Dulls Dilutive ... - StockNewsUnion"
p5
aS'Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Announces Plans to Launch IV Free Conscious ... PR Newswire  - May 5, 2016 SAN DIEGO, May 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of proprietary and customizable drug formulations, today announced plans to launch&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Announces $9.8 Million Private Placement of Units PR Newswire  - Dec 19, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced that it has entered into a definitive securities purchase agreement with various accredited investors and certain members of Imprimis' Board of&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Begins Dispensing from FDA-Registered 503B ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2017 SAN DIEGO, Feb. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , an ophthalmology-focused pharmaceutical company, today announced that it has begun shipping its core sterile ophthalmic medications to select customers from&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Begins Dispensing Lower Cost Alternative to Thiola PR Newswire  - May 2, 2016 SAN DIEGO, May 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of proprietary and customizable drug formulations, today announced the availability&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Peer-Reviewed Paper Demonstrates the Benefits of Dropless Cataract Surgery PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 SAN DIEGO, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , an ophthalmology-focused pharmaceutical company, today announced the publication of a Dropless Therapy article in the peer-reviewed journal, Current&nbsp;...'
p10
a.