(lp0
S"Internap Corp  Comes to Life Amid Reforms The Oracle Dispatch - Dec 26, 2016 Internap Corp  is a small cap play on the Nasdaq that has recently found new life among market participants. The key catalyst appears to be the company's announcement of the completion of the initial round of cost cuts and provided an ..."
p1
aS"Home / News / Jefferies Finance Agents $325MM Credit Facility for Internap Corp. ABL Advisor - Apr 11, 2017 Internap Corporation, a provider of high-performance Internet infrastructure including Colocation, Cloud, and Network Services, announced that it closed on $325 million in new credit facilities to complete its senior secured debt refinancing in an&nbsp;...In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Internap Network Services ... - The De Soto EdgeINAP Signs Customized Colocation and Network Agreement in the Company's ... - PR Newswire "
p2
aS'Internap Corp  Updates On Common Equity Private Placement Journal Transcript - Feb 23, 2017 Internap Corp  reported a private placement of almost 23.8 million shares at a price of $1.81 per share, for gross proceeds of almost $43 million.Park West Asset Management Picked Up Internap Corp  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive '
p3
aS'Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Internap Corp ... Sports Perspectives - 6 hours ago Internap Corp logo News coverage about Internap Corp  has been trending somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis.The Internap Corp  Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.04 - Petro Global News 24Internap Corporation : A Detailed Look at its Institutional Ownership - Post Analyst'
p4
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up Internap Corp  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Jan 7, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Internap Corporation, formerly InterNAP Network Services Corporation, provides Internet infrastructure services."
p5
aS'INAP Completes Initial Round of Cost Cuts and Provides Initial 2017 Forecast PR Newswire  - Dec 20, 2016 ATLANTA, Dec. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Internap Corporation ,  is a provider of high-performance Internet infrastructure services by providing customers with Colocation, Network and Managed Services, and Cloud&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Internap Corp  Short Interest Up 59.2% in March The Cerbat Gem - Apr 16, 2017 Internap Corp logo Internap Corp  was the target of a significant increase in short interest in the month of March.Stock Returns: Internap Corporation  is Beating Global Sources ... - CML News'
p7
aS"Investor Arena: Keeping an Eye on Internap Corp  Sherwood Daily - 13 hours ago The Williams %R shows how the current closing price compares to previous highs/lows over a specified period. Internap Corp 's Williams Percent Range or 14 day Williams %R is sitting at -72.55."
p8
aS'Brokerages Set Internap Corp  Target Price at $4.35 The Cerbat Gem - Apr 8, 2017 Internap Corp logo Shares of Internap Corp  have been given a consensus recommendation of Buy by the six research firms that are presently covering the stock.Worth Observing Stock: Internap Corporation  - StandardOracleThe Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Internap Corp ... - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: Globalstar, Inc. , Internap Corp.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 14, 2017 Internap Corporation , at its latest closing price of $3.28, it has a price-to-book ratio of -, compared to an industry average at 3.27.Stifel Nicolaus Upgrades Internap Corp to Buy with Price Target $5.5 - Money Flow Index & TrendsTraders Anticipate A Possible Rate Increase;Internap Corporation (NASDAQ: INAP ... - Traders350'
p10
a.