(lp0
S'Informatica, Newly Private, Revamps Leadership Wall Street Journal - Jan 12, 2016 Informatica LLC, taken private in one of the biggest tech buyouts of 2015, plans on Tuesday to announce the executive team that will oversee a new cloud strategy and other changes as the company jockeys for position in the emerging big data landscape.'
p1
aS'Informatica Hires Former Oracle VP as CIO Wall Street Journal  - Jun 29, 2016 Informatica LLC has hired former Oracle Corp. vice president Graeme Thompson as chief information officer, as it seeks to grow its cloud and big data services, the company said.'
p2
aS'Informatica Taken Private in $5.3 Billion Deal Wall Street Journal - Apr 7, 2015 Data-software company Informatica Corp. agreed to be bought by Permira Advisers LLC and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board for $5.3 billion, in the largest leveraged buyout so far this year.Informatica Could Feel A Tight Squeeze From Its New Owners - TechCrunchInformatica to go private in $5.3 billion leveraged buyout - Reuters'
p3
aS'Microsoft, Salesforce Invest in $5.3 Billion Informatica Deal Wall Street Journal - Aug 6, 2015 Microsoft Corp. and Salesforce.com Inc. have joined private-equity investors Permira Advisers LLC and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board in the roughly $5.3 billion deal to take private data-software company Informatica Corp. The sizes of the ...Informatica seals $5.3B deal to go private - SiliconANGLE '
p4
aS"Moody's assigns B3 CFR to Italic Merger Sub ; outlook positive Moodys.com   - May 19, 2015 The proceeds from the new debt issuance along with approximately $2.5 billion of equity will be used to finance the acquisition of Informatica by a company controlled by funds advised by Permira Advisers LLC and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board for&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Microsoft and Salesforce Invest in Informatica Market Realist - Sep 1, 2015 After the announcement of converting Informatica into an LLC, hedge funds that stand to benefit from the deal include Elliott Management, Vanguard Group, and BlackRock Fund Advisors.'
p6
aS"Informatica  Stock Climbing Today as Private Equity Firms Plan Bids TheStreet.com - Mar 20, 2015 Silver Lake Partners LP and Hellman &amp; Friedman LLC have joined up ahead of a deadline for final bids for Informatica set for the beginning of April, sources told Reuters. If Informatica were to accept an offer it would be the year's largest leveraged ...Exclusive - Private equity firms prepare bids for Informatica: sources - Reuters"
p7
aS"Why Informatica Won't Be the Last Enterprise Software Buyout Target TheStreet.com - Apr 8, 2015 The buyout has drawn comparisons to Vista Equity Partners's $4.2 billion purchase last year of Tibco Software Inc., in which activist Praesidium Investment Management Co."
p8
aS"Two private equity consortia in talks to buy Informatica, say sources-Reuters Thomson Reuters' peHUB  - Apr 6, 2015 Permira Advisers Ltd in a consortium with Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, and Thoma Bravo LLC, in partnership with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, submitted bids for Informatica last week, according to the people. They have been asked to&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Informatica  Given Media Impact Rating of 0.56 Sports Perspectives - Apr 5, 2017 Receive News &amp; Ratings for Informatica LLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Informatica LLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter."
p10
a.