(lp0
S'Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal Bloomberg - Aug 31, 2016 Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc., the maker of call-center software, has agreed to buy Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. in a deal valued at about $1.4 billion. Genesys will pay Interactive Intelligence holders $60.50 a share in cash, the&nbsp;...Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge - Wall Street Journal'
p1
aS"Cloud Growth Drove Interactive Intelligence Group Inc.'s Q2 Results Motley Fool - Aug 2, 2016 According to founder and CEO Dr. Donald Brown, one number defined Interactive Intelligence's  second-quarter results."
p2
aS"Why Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. Soared Today Motley Fool - Feb 2, 2016 What: Shares of cloud software and services provider Interactive Intelligence Group  soared on Tuesday following the company's fourth-quarter earnings report. Interactive Intelligence beat analyst estimates for both revenue and earnings,&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Price Target &amp; Session Watch on Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc.  Rockville Register - 17 hours ago Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc.  shares traded +0.00% during the most recent session. Wall Street analysts covering the stock are projecting that the stock will reach $53.83 within the next 52-weeks.Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge'
p4
aS'Danger Zone: Interactive Intelligence Group Inc  ValueWalk - Jun 14, 2016 In fact, ININ was once a profitable business, and it grew economic earnings, the true cash flows of the business, throughout 2000-2010.'
p5
aS'Interactive Intelligence in merger talks with Genesys, sources say Indianapolis Business Journal - Aug 9, 2016 California-based Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc. is in early talks to acquire Indianapolis-based competitor Interactive Intelligence Group Inc., people with knowledge of the matter said. To view the full article, please register or login. GO.'
p6
aS'Why Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Soared Today Motley Fool - May 18, 2016 What: Shares of customer-engagement-solutions provider Interactive Intelligence Group  jumped on Wednesday, with the stock up about 10.5% at 2:45 p.m.'
p7
aS'Interactive Intelligence Posts Solid Results As Genesys Buyout Looms Motley Fool - Nov 6, 2016 Dealing with quarterly results is always awkward after a company received a buyout offer, and cloud-computing company Interactive Intelligence  is in that position following the $1.4 billion acquisition offer it received from Genesys in ...'
p8
aS'Interactive Intelligence Positioned Strong Performer for Workforce Optimisation contact-centres.com - Nov 8, 2016 Interactive Intelligence Group Inc, a global provider of cloud services for customer engagement, communications and collaboration, has been ranked a strong performer by Forrester Research in The Forrester Wave: Workforce Optimisation  Suites, Q3&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Interactive Intelligence Acquisition Complete Inside INdiana Business - Dec 2, 2016 California-based contact center technology company Genesys has completed its $1.4 billion acquisition of Indianapolis-based Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. As a result of the deal, Interactive Intelligence will no longer be listed on the Nasdaq ...'
p10
a.