(lp0
S'Interphase Corporation Ceases All Operations; Files Voluntary Chapter 7 Petition Business Wire  - Sep 30, 2015 CARROLLTON, Texas----Interphase Corporation  , a diversified information and communications technology company, today announced it has ceased operations and commenced&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Interphase Corporation Enters Into Manufacturing Agreement With VirTex ... Business Wire  - Aug 28, 2015 CARROLLTON, Texas----Interphase Corporation  , a diversified information and communications technology company, today announced that it entered into a manufacturing agreement with&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Interphase Corp  Files Chapter 7 Bankruptcy StreetInsider.com - Oct 1, 2015 Interphase Corporation  today announced it has ceased operations and commenced bankruptcy proceedings  by filing a voluntary petition for relief under provisions of Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the United States&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Interphase Corp. to consolidate DFW operations Dallas Business Journal - Oct 2, 2013 Plano-based Interphase Corp.  plans to consolidate its operations, including its headquarters in Carrollton. The communications technology company signed a lease for 43,374 square feet of office and manufacturing space at International&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Interphase  Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows The Cerbat Gem - Apr 13, 2017 Interphase earned a news sentiment score of 0.28 on AlphaOne's scale. AlphaOne also assigned news stories about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the company's&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Austin circuit board maker eyes big growth in wake of outsourcing deal Austin Business Journal  - Sep 9, 2015 VirTex Enterprises LP executives are projecting a 10 percent boost in revenue from a multiyear outsourcing deal with a North Texas company.'
p6
aS'penveu Interactive Display System HDMI Models Are Now Shipping Business Wire  - Jun 11, 2015 CARROLLTON, Texas----penveu, an Interphase Corporation  business, today announced that the new HDMI models of the award-winning penveu interactive display system have started shipping.'
p7
aS'Rock Creek Pharmaceuticals Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Petition Filed Bankrupt Company News   - Sep 28, 2016 The Company, which is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapies for chronic inflammatory disease and neurologic disorders, is represented by John D. McLaughlin, Jr.'
p8
aS"Interphase's Penveu interactive display system highlights its strengths  Engadget - Apr 19, 2012 If you've ever been on the receiving end of &quot;death by PowerPoint,&quot; you'll know just how tiresome a passive presentation can be."
p9
aS'How to Profit from Daily Top Gainers/Losers  Small Cap Network - Aug 3, 2011 Small cap stocks such as Interphase Corporation , Vringo Inc , Radian Group, Insmed Incorporated , and Openwave Systems  that are top gainers and top losers offer quick&nbsp;...'
p10
a.