(lp0
S'Insys Therapeutics, Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - 23 hours ago On April 11, 2017, Insys Therapeutics, Inc.  accepted the resignation of Dr. Santosh Vetticaden, the interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer of Insys Therapeutics, Inc., whose employment will be terminated on April 28 ...'
p1
aS"Insys Therapeutics Inc  Is Setting Itself Up For A Long Term Recovery Insider Financial - Apr 5, 2017 When we looked at Insys Therapeutics Inc  back in in February, the company had just run up on some news related to its epilepsy asset.Insys Announces Restatements As Subsys Scripts Crash - Seeking AlphaInsys Therapeutics' revenue falls 41.6 pct - Nasdaq"
p2
aS'Renaissance Technologies LLC Sells 23000 Shares of Insys Therapeutics Inc  BNB Daily  - 13 minutes ago Insys Therapeutics logo Renaissance Technologies LLC decreased its stake in Insys Therapeutics Inc  by 8.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Insys Therapeutics Inc  Given a $16.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada - The Cerbat GemInsys Therapeutics Inc  Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'One company symbolizes everything sickening about the opioid crisis Business Insider - Apr 13, 2017 Insys Therapeutics makes a spray version of the powerful opiate fentanyl, which is many times stronger than morphine. The company pays speakers fees to doctors, some of whom have had their licenses suspended or face jail time for overprescribing the&nbsp;...Looking at the Tea Leaves for INSYS Therapeutics, Inc.  - The USA CommerceSomewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Insys Therapeutics ... - Markets Daily'
p4
aS'An intrinsic value calculation for INSYS Therapeutics Inc  shows its 35 ... Simply Wall St - Mar 29, 2017 I am going to run you through how I calculated the intrinsic value of INSYS Therapeutics  using a method called discounted cash flow or DCF.'
p5
aS'Insys Therapeutics Inc.  Soars 6.47% on April 10 Equities.com - Apr 10, 2017 Insys Therapeutics Inc.  had a good day on the market for Monday April 10 as shares jumped 6.47% to close at $11.03. About 1.05 million shares traded hands on 6,788 trades for the day, compared with an average daily volume of 1.03 million shares&nbsp;...Bristol-Myers Squibb, Insys Therapeutics, National Fuel Gas Downgraded - Schaeffers Research Insys Therapeutics Inc  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Insys Therapeutics Inc. to invest $24 million in Round Rock facility Community Impact Newspaper - Mar 23, 2017 On Thursday, Insys Therapeutics Inc. announced an expansion of its Round Rock location with an additional $24 million investment.Pharmaceutical Company Expands Round Rock Facility - Patch.com'
p7
aS'Pomerantz Law Reminds Shareholders Of INSYS Therapeutics, Inc. of Class Action ... ValueWalk - Mar 17, 2017 Pomerantz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed against INSYS Therapeutics, Inc.   and certain of its officers.'
p8
aS"Insys: Syndros Missteps And Even More Subsys Arrests Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 New information continues to help us shape our ongoing investment thesis on Insys Therapeutics . Insys' THC drug Syndros finally received DEA scheduling as a Schedule II drug  which&nbsp;...DEA Reschedules Insys Therapeutics' Pharmaceutical Cannabinoid Medication - Cannabis Business TimesInsys Therapeutics: The Big Pharma Company That Fought Legalization Is Now ... - Green Rush Daily"
p9
aS"DEA Schedules Insys Therapeutics' Syndros  as ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 23, 2017 PHOENIX, March 23, 2017  -- Insys Therapeutics, Inc.   today announced that the Drug Enforcement Agency  has issued an interim final rule that would result in Syndros (dronabinol&nbsp;...Pawar Law Group Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against ... - Yahoo FinanceStock Returns: INSYS Therapeutics Inc  versus Xencor Inc (NASDAQ ... - CML News"
p10
a.