(lp0
S"Report: Intel Corporation Preps 6-Core Coffee Lake for Launch in Q4 Motley Fool - 20 hours ago Intel's stated goal is to put out new products on an annual cadence that deliver worthwhile improvements. The company had struggled to stick to this goal in the past under its &quot;tick-tock&quot; product development model, but under its new &quot;waves of ..."
p1
aS'Students Of Bath Investment Club Share New Intel On Intel Seeking Alpha - Apr 16, 2017 As the PC demand slowed, Intel started reducing its exposure in the CCG segment - which is by far the segment on which revenue growth is most dependent on.The research firm Initiated the Intel Corporation  to Outperform - StandardOracleAverage Brokerage Rating Of Intel Corporation , The Williams Companies ... - The USA Commerce'
p2
aS'Is Intel Corporation  Stock a Suitable Value Pick Now? Nasdaq - Apr 11, 2017 One way to find these companies is by looking at several key metrics and financial ratios, many of which are crucial in the value stock selection process.'
p3
aS"Intel Corporation  Expected To Launch Ultrabook Cannonlake Parts Journal Transcript - Apr 11, 2017 Various rumors going round the web and Intel's official information, indicate that the company's seventh generation Core Processors are going to be follow each other systematically."
p4
aS"Intel Corporation's 10-Nanometer Disappointment Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2017 Chip giant Intel  finally went into quite a lot of technical detail about its upcoming 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology.Here's How Intel Corporation Could Refresh Server Chips in 2018 - Madison.com"
p5
aS"Intel Corporation Outs 14-Nanometer++ Technology Motley Fool - Mar 30, 2017 Last year, Intel  began shipping products based on a technology that it refers to as 14-nanometer+. This is a performance-enhanced version of the company's initial 14-nanometer technology that first went into production in 2014. Intel ..."
p6
aS"Intel Corporation Details 10-Nano Technology Motley Fool - Mar 29, 2017 At long last, chip giant Intel  opened up about its upcoming 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology, at its first-ever Technology and Manufacturing Day.Intel: The Hard Sell For Process Leadership - Seeking AlphaIntel Corporation's  Technology and Manufacturing Day Presentations - Smrt Stck Nws"
p7
aS"Intel Corporation Reportedly Planning to Launch Ultrabook Cannonlake Parts ... Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2017 Michael Larabel, with website Phoronix, recently spotted something interesting with respect to microprocessor-giant Intel's  upcoming Cannonlake processors, the company's first products manufactured in its upcoming 10-nanometer&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Inside Intel Corporation's Foundry Ambitions Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2017 At Intel's  Technology and Manufacturing  Day event, the company spent a good deal of time talking about how it's aiming to build a &quot;foundry franchise."
p9
aS"Should Dividend Growth Investors' Portfolios Have Intel Inside? Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 Intel Corporation  is a dominant technology company. I think that it has now turned the corner in dealing with mobile computing.Intel Corporation  Closes 0.52% Down on the Day for April 06 - Equities.comMost Active Stock: Intel Corporation  - HugoPress"
p10
a.