(lp0
S'The Intrepid Potash, Inc  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 According to Zacks, INTREPID POTASH, Inc. is the largest producer of potash in the U.S. and is dedicated to the production and marketing of potash and langbeinite, another mineral containing potassium.'
p1
aS"Given Its Low Debt-Load, Is Intrepid Potash Inc  A Financially Sound Company? Simply Wall St - Apr 11, 2017 Intrepid Potash Inc , with a market capitalization of USD $222 Million, is considered a small-cap company. Although such businesses are the ones which could grow the most, they are also highly prone to a downturn in the country's economy or&nbsp;...Intrepid Potash Announces Date for First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release - Yahoo FinanceNotable Analysts Assessment of Stock: Intrepid Potash, Inc.  - StandardOracle"
p2
aS'Intrepid Potash: Still Undervalued But Not For Long Now Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 I have been bullish on Intrepid Potash  for a while now, and although the stock is up 100% since I wrote about it 3 and half months ago, I still think there is at least 35% upside potential.Intrepid Potash  PT Raised to $2 at UBS on Positive Ag Sentiment - StreetInsider.comIntrepid Potash Rose Due to Analyst Upgrade on February 13 - Market Realist'
p3
aS"Here's Who Just Picked Up Intrepid Potash Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 24, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Intrepid Potash, Inc. is a producer of muriate of potash  and langbeinite  in the United States, which it markets and sells as Trio.Intrepid Potash Announces Change of Chief Accounting Officer - Yahoo FinanceToday Analysts Focus on Arena Pharmaceuticals , Intrepid Potash Inc  - StockNewsJournal"
p4
aS"Intrepid Potash Just Removed Its Biggest Bankruptcy Risk Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 In a previous article, we discussed that Mr. Market was pricing Intrepid Potash  for bankruptcy, but that a bankruptcy didn't make sense given the profit potential of the company's solar evaporation mines, its insider purchases, and its ..."
p5
aS'Guess Who Picked Up Intrepid Potash Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Apr 3, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Intrepid Potash, Inc. is a producer of muriate of potash  and langbeinite  in the United States, which it markets and sells as Trio.Intrepid Potash Inc Risk Points versus Materials - CML NewsTrending Stock: Intrepid Potash, Inc.  - StandardOracle'
p6
aS'Tracking the Numbers on Shares of Intrepid Potash, Inc.  Baxter Review - 14 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Intrepid Potash, Inc. . ROIC is a metric that can be used to assess the efficiency of a particular company at allocating controlled capital into investments that ...5 Year Earning Growth of Intrepid Potash, Inc  is reported at 0 - The Newburgh PressWhy Investors remained confident on Intrepid Potash, Inc. , Sanchez ... - StockNewsJournal'
p7
aS"Why Intrepid Potash Stock Dropped 19% on Wednesday Motley Fool - Dec 28, 2016 The most obvious conclusion is that someone has heard something that suggests that Intrepid Potash will not in fact sell itself for a price justifying the 14% gain in share price that followed the company's Dec. 15 announcement."
p8
aS'Noteworthy Price Swings: Intrepid Potash, Inc.  StandardOracle - Apr 13, 2017 Intrepid Potash, Inc.  added 1.6% to reach $1.9 in the previous trading session. Overall, 1.71 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 1.89 Million shares.Financial Review of Intrepid Potash, Inc  - The Newburgh PressTime To Get Cautious? - Intrepid Potash, Inc. , CYS Investments,  - USA Commerce Daily'
p9
aS'BRIEF-Intrepid Potash announces pricing of public offering of common stock Reuters - Mar 16, 2017 MEXICO CITY, March 27 Mexican energy infrastructure firm IEnova said on Monday it had signed a 20-year deal to supply steel company Deacero with renewable energy from a solar power plant in northern Mexico, an investment worth $115 million.'
p10
a.