(lp0
S'In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Impax Laboratories, Inc ... The De Soto Edge - Mar 2, 2017 Following U.S. election volatility some analysts have updated their recommended target prices on shares of Impax Laboratories, Inc. . According to the most recently released broker notes, 3 analysts have a rating of strong buy on the ...'
p1
aS'Impax Laboratories Stock To Rise On New Catalyst Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2017 Impax Laboratories is set to benefit from CVS selling its 2-pack generic version of the Adrenaclick pen for only $110. Impax stock has a low valuation from the recent steep sell-off. Impax is expected to be profitable in 2017, which will help catalyze ...'
p2
aS'Impax Laboratories Inc.  Is Up Sharply After New CEO Named Nasdaq - Mar 27, 2017  - Impax Laboratories Inc.  announced Monday morning that Paul M. Bisaro has been appointed as its new President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of its Board of Directors.An intrinsic value calculation for Impax Laboratories Inc  shows its 45 ... - Simply Wall StImpax Labs names industry veteran Paul Bisaro as CEO, shares soar - Reuters'
p3
aS'Impax Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 Impax Laboratories, Inc.  is a specialty pharmaceutical company applying its formulation expertise and drug delivery technology to the development of controlled-release and specialty generics in addition to the development of central nervous ...'
p4
aS'Exclusive: Impax Laboratories taps Morgan Stanley for strategic review - sources Reuters - Mar 7, 2017 Generic drugmaker Impax Laboratories Inc  has asked investment bank Morgan Stanley  to help it conduct a strategic review, as it tries to cope with a tougher drug pricing environment, people familiar with the matter said.Weatherford International, Impax Laboratories, Cytokinetics Upgraded - Schaeffers Research Impax Laboratories Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 06 - Equities.com'
p5
aS'Impax to Report First Quarter 2017 Results on May 10, 2017 PR Newswire  - Apr 6, 2017 HAYWARD, Calif., April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Impax Laboratories, Inc.  announced today that the Company will release its first quarter 2017 financial results on Wednesday, May 10, 2017, prior to the open of the U.S.Impax Laboratories, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveGuggenheim Capital LLC Buys 4144 Shares of Impax Laboratories Inc  - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Impax Laboratories Inc  Given Consensus Rating of &quot;Hold&quot; by Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - Apr 16, 2017 Impax Laboratories logo Shares of Impax Laboratories Inc  have been assigned an average recommendation of Hold from the fifteen research firms that are covering the firm.Impax Laboratories, Inc.  Recent Ownership Changes - Post AnalystQuarterly Financial Update for Impax Laboratories, Inc.  - The Newburgh Press'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Teligent Inc  is Beating Impax Laboratories Inc ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Impax Laboratories Inc  versus Teligent Inc  .'
p8
aS'Impax Laboratories, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 28, 2017 On March 27, 2017, Impax Laboratories, Inc.  entered into Amendment No. 1 by and among the Company, Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent for the lender parties and the lenders party thereto  to that certain&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'This Is What The Chart For Impax Laboratories, Inc.  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - Apr 11, 2017 The technicals for Impax Laboratories, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.Impax Laboratories Inc. closed with a change of 7.84% in the Previous Trading ... - Free ObserverImpax Laboratories Inc  Given Average Recommendation of Hold by Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.