(lp0
S'FAA Awards Innovative Solutions &amp; Support STC for NextGen Flight Deck for PC ... Business Wire  - Apr 11, 2017 EXTON, Pa.----Innovative Solutions &amp; Support, Inc.   received Federal Aviation Administration  Supplemental Type Certification  for its NextGen Flight Deck for retrofit in the Pilatus PC-12.'
p1
aS'FAA Grants STC to Innovative Solutions &amp; Support NextGen Flight Deck for PC-12 ... Flying Magazine - Apr 13, 2017 Innovative Solutions &amp; Support this week announced it has received FAA Supplemental Type Certification for its NextGen flight deck for the retrofit in the Pilatus PC-12.'
p2
aS'Market Spotlight: Focusing on Shares of Innovative Solutions and Support, Inc ... BVN - 17 hours ago Taking a closer look at some quality ratios for Innovative Solutions and Support, Inc. , the firm has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.40822.'
p3
aS'Innovative Solutions &amp; Support, Inc. Announces Settlement of Lawsuit Business Wire  - Feb 23, 2017 EXTON, Pa.----Innovative Solutions &amp; Support, Inc.  today announced a settlement of its previously disclosed lawsuit with Delta Air Lines, Inc. .'
p4
aS'INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS AND SUPPORT,INC.  Files An 8-K Submission of ... Market Exclusive - Apr 13, 2017 Innovative Solutions and Support,Inc.  was held on. April13, 2017. At the Annual Meeting, the Companys shareholders approved four proposals.Analyst Recommendations And Earnings Forecast: Innovative Solutions and ... - Post AnalystInnovative Solutions And Support, Inc.  Valuation According To ... - UK Market News'
p5
aS'Does Zero-Debt Really Make Innovative Solutions and Support Inc  A ... Simply Wall St - Dec 14, 2016 The direct benefit for Innovative Solutions and Support Inc , which sports a zero-debt capital structure, to include debt in its capital structure is the reduced cost of capital.'
p6
aS"Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Innovative Solutions ... Markets Daily - Apr 14, 2017 Receive News &amp; Ratings for Innovative Solutions &amp; Support Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Innovative Solutions &amp; Support Inc and related companies with&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Innovative Solutions &amp; Support's  CEO Geoffrey Hedrick on Q1 2017 ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 Innovative Solutions &amp; Support's  CEO Geoffrey Hedrick on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript ... Good morning, and welcome to the Innovative Solutions &amp; Support First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. ... financial results for future ..."
p8
aS'Arotech Corporation versus Innovative Solutions and Support Inc Head to Head ... CML News - Mar 28, 2017 Arotech Corporation has a higher fundamental rating than Innovative Solutions and Support Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p9
aS'Innovative Solutions and Support Inc. and LMI Aerospace Inc. Head to Head Compare CML News - Apr 13, 2017 LMI Aerospace Inc has a higher fundamental rating then Innovative Solutions and Support Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p10
a.