(lp0
S'Itron, Inc.  Position Reduced by Winslow Evans &amp; Crocker Inc. Markets Daily - 18 hours ago Itron logo Winslow Evans &amp; Crocker Inc. cut its stake in shares of Itron, Inc.  by 11.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p1
aS'Itron Inc. Reveals 52% Rise In Q4 Bottom Line Nasdaq - Feb 28, 2017  - Itron Inc.  reported a profit for its fourth quarter that rose compared to the same period last year.'
p2
aS"Itron: Emerging From A Near-Death Experience Seeking Alpha - May 24, 2016 Itron's basic financial metrics have started to improve although they are a long way from even modestly acceptable levels."
p3
aS'Norges Bank Acquires New Position in Itron, Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - 21 hours ago Itron logo Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Itron, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Itron, Inc.  At $59.15 Forms Top, W P Carey  Sentiment Is 1.39 - Wolcott DailyThe Itron, Inc.  Stake Increased by UBS Group AG - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS"BRIEF-Itron says CFO Mark Schmitz will be stepping down Reuters - Mar 28, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Itron: Perfect Pressure For Metering Profits Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 The company has the right portfolio to enjoy macro tailwinds while delivering a market-leading growth in the space. Efforts to monetize major trends like smart metering systems, unified multiservice network and advanced analytics are starting to bear ...Gabelli Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Itron Inc.  - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Itron  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 On the call today, we have Philip Mezey, Itron President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Schmitz, Itron Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.'
p7
aS"Itron  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 On the call today, we have Philip Mezey, Itron's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Schmitz, Itron's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up the call to take questions using the ...Itron  Q4 Earnings and Revenues Surpass Estimates - Yahoo FinanceItron reports 2016 performance, announces stock buyback - The Spokesman-Review"
p8
aS'National Grid Recommends Itron for Proposed Advanced Metering Across Massachusetts Business Wire  - Jul 26, 2016 LIBERTY LAKE, Wash.----Itron, Inc. , a world-leading technology and services company dedicated to the resourceful use of energy and water, announced today that National Grid, one of the largest investor-owned energy&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Itron: Taking A Reading After Enormous Run Seeking Alpha - Apr 6, 2017 Itron  is a metering device company whose shares have risen from around $35 at the beginning of 2016 to roughly $60 currently.'
p10
a.