(lp0
S"Why to Keeping Eye on Jabil Circuit, Inc. , PBF Energy Inc. ? StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Jabil Circuit, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 3.29 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 1.24 ...Stifel Nicolaus Increases Jabil Circuit, Inc.  Price Target to $29.00 - Sports PerspectivesLooking at the Numbers for Jabil Circuit, Inc.  - Baldwin Journal"
p1
aS'Jabil Circuit : Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions Yahoo Finance - Mar 29, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Jabil Circuit, Inc. JBL. This is because this security in the Electronics - Manufacturing Services space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great ...Jabil Circuit Inc. performed Very Well with a change of 0.59% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverHot Stock for Investors: Jabil Circuit Inc.  - HugoPress'
p2
aS'Post Earnings Coverage as Jabil Circuit Exceeded Quarterly Sales and Earnings ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / March 28, 2017 / Active Wall St. announces its post-earnings coverage on Jabil Circuit, Inc. .'
p3
aS"Wilsey Asset Management Inc Buys Kohl's, Sells Jabil Circuit Nasdaq - Mar 31, 2017 Wilsey Asset Management Inc initiated holdings in Kohl's Corp. The purchase prices were between $37.41 and $51.88, with an estimated average price of $40.84."
p4
aS"Why Jabil Circuit  Could Be a Top Value Stock Pick Yahoo Finance - Mar 24, 2017 Jabil Circuit, Inc. PE Ratio  | Jabil Circuit, Inc. Quote. But before you think that Jabil Circuit is just a pure value play, it is important to note that it has been seeing solid activity on the earnings estimate front as well.Jabil Circuit, Inc. : What's the Story? - StockNewsJournalFeatured Stock to Focus: Jabil Circuit Inc.  - HugoPress"
p5
aS"Is Jabil Circuit  a Great Stock for Value Investors? Nasdaq - Apr 6, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...Jabil Circuit Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 06 - Equities.comChecking the Overall Picture for Jabil Circuit, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p6
aS'What Jabil Circuit, Inc.  And Its Chart Reveal Today NY Stock News - Mar 29, 2017 The technicals for Jabil Circuit, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p7
aS"Insider Trading Activity Jabil Circuit, Inc.   CEO Sold 671 shares ... Market Exclusive - Apr 12, 2017 Erich Hoch , CEO of Jabil Circuit, Inc.  reportedly Sold 671 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 28.95 for a total transaction amount of $19,425.45 SEC Form.Active Volume Stock: Jabil Circuit Inc.  - HugoPressJabil Circuit, Inc.  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat Gem"
p8
aS'Jabil Circuit, Inc.  And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling Picture NY Stock News - Apr 7, 2017 Jabil Circuit, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p9
aS'No More Ambiguity, Jabil Circuit, Inc.  And Its Chart Is Now Crystal Clear NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 The technicals for Jabil Circuit, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.Jabil Circuit, Inc.  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? - The USA Commerce'
p10
a.