(lp0
S"Better Buy: JC Penney Company, Inc. vs. Macy's Motley Fool - Apr 10, 2017 However, JCPenney stores are generally smaller than Macy's stores and sell lower-end products. JCPenney also leases out more of its floor space to third-party companies like Sephora, Seattle's Best Coffee, optical centers, portrait studios, and jewelry ..."
p1
aS'Better Buy: JC Penney Company, Inc. vs. Amazon Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 Perhaps no two companies exemplify the polar ends of the retail sector today better than J.C. Penney  and Amazon.com . J.C. Penney is one of several ailing department chains that is still struggling to turn a profit despite years ...JC Penney  Down 18.8% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound? - Zacks.comJC Penney Company, Inc. performed Very Well with a change of 5.35% in the Last ... - Free Observer'
p2
aS"JCPenney Hovers Above Lower End Of 31-Day Trading Range Benzinga - 16 hours ago J C Penney Company Inc  shares are trading lower by $0.27 at $5.64 in Monday's session. The issue has been in just one dollar trading range since February 28.J C Penney Company Inc  Looks to Beauty for Growth - Investorplace.comJ. C. Penney Company, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $5.69 and ends ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p3
aS"JC Penney: Opportunity On The Crash Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2017 J.C. Penney's  shares have been kicked to the curb this year as investors started to fear the impact of store closures on the company's sales and earnings trajectory. J.C. Penney has already said that it will close more than 100 ...JC Penney Company Inc : Turnaround Story Is Unfolding - Library For Smart InvestorsJC Penney Company, Inc.  And Its Technicals Provide Timely Picture - NY Stock News"
p4
aS'JC Penney to Put Off Closing Stores  CNBC 24/7 Wall St. - Apr 13, 2017 J.C. Penney Co. Inc.  told CNBC iit will put off closing some of the 138 stores it said it would shutter.JC Penney delays closing 138 stores one month due to stronger sales - Los Angeles TimesJCPenney is delaying closure of 138 stores, including 4 in Colorado - 9NEWS.com'
p5
aS'J.C. Penney has a salon plan Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 J.C. Penney  plans to rebrand another 50 of its salon locations to The Salon By Instyle. The company believes the &quot;elevated&quot; salon concept will appeal to younger customers and bring in new traffic. &quot;Providing customers with a compelling&nbsp;...Hot Stocks On Radar- JC Penney Company Inc , MannKind Corporation ... - Wall Street Times '
p6
aS'JC Penney Appears To Take A Step Back Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Both The Dot-com bubble and the Great Recession hurt the company significantly. Yahoo Finance having them on the NYSE being at an all-time high of $76 a share in March of 1998 then falling to $9.19 by November of 2000.Is JC Penney Company Inc  A Financially Sound Company? - Simply Wall StRevenue Approximations Analysis: Pulmatrix, Inc. , JC Penney Company ... - StockNewsJournal'
p7
aS'Today Analysts Focus on Ocwen Financial Corporation , J. C. Penney ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago J. C. Penney Company, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $5.91, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.35, compared to an industry average at 5.57.'
p8
aS"Paul Bunyan Mall's J.C. Penney received company's highest distinction Bemidji Pioneer - Apr 9, 2017 Bemidji J.C. Penney General Manager Michael Beard was one of over 85 store leaders recognized by Marvin R. Ellison, chairman and chief executive officer, and Joe McFarland, executive vice president of stores, for significantly contributing to the ..."
p9
aS'The Charts Expose On J. C. Penney Company, Inc.  Is Causing A Stir NY Stock News - Apr 11, 2017 The technicals for J. C. Penney Company, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p10
a.