(lp0
S'The St. Joe Company and HomeCorp Announce Joint Venture Business Wire  - Apr 13, 2017 PANAMA CITY BEACH, Fla.----The St. Joe Company   and HomeCorp announced today the formation of a joint venture to develop, manage, and lease multi-family housing in Panama City Beach, Florida.'
p1
aS'BRIEF-St. Joe Co purchases Panama City beach office complex Reuters - Apr 10, 2017 April 10 St. Joe Co: * The St. Joe company purchases Panama City beach office complex Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'The St. Joe Company Purchases Panama City Beach Office Complex Business Wire  - Apr 10, 2017 WATERSOUND, Fla.----The St. Joe Company   announced today the purchase of Beckrich I and Beckrich II office buildings located at the intersection of Richard Jackson Boulevard and U.S.'
p3
aS'St. Joseph County property tax bills released WSBT-TV - 17 hours ago St. Joseph County property tax bills released. by South Bend Tribune Report. Monday, April 17th 2017. AA. ST.'
p4
aS"Spring leaf pickup starts in St. Joseph County ABC 57 News - 13 hours ago St. Joseph County's annual spring pass for the Leaf Program began Monday in Clay Township. According to the county, the pass will move in a counter clockwise rotation and will take 14 to 21 days to complete."
p5
aS'Accused felons get second chance with St. Joseph County program South Bend Tribune - Apr 16, 2017 By avoiding a felony record and changing the root behaviors, an offender is also more likely to hold a job and avoid future entanglements with the criminal justice system, said Kate Williams, executive administrator for the St. Joseph County Community&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'True 4-H science teen leaders: St. Joseph County Michigan State University Extension - Apr 11, 2017 St. Joseph County has three true 4-H teen science leaders in Bungart, Kelley and Graber. Their story began at the 2016 Michigan 4-H Robotics Workshop at the 4-H Kettunen Center in Tustin, Michigan.'
p7
aS"Viewpoint: A step forward on animal welfare in St. Joseph County South Bend Tribune - Apr 15, 2017 I remember the bad old days. It isn't hard; they weren't that long ago. Animal protection charities and agencies in St. Joseph County have much history of not getting along. Philosophically at odds , communication was rare."
p8
aS'Change to proposed St. Joe Co. animal ordinance removes social media restriction WSBT-TV - Mar 31, 2017 ... work group members had concerns about lost pets being harder to find when social media groups got involved. Under the ordinance, people who find a lost pet can post on social media, but would also need to file a report with the county Humane Society.'
p9
aS"Our Opinion: Who will repair communications at the St. Joseph County Juvenile ... South Bend Tribune - Apr 16, 2017 On one side of the dispute is Probate Judge Jim Fox, who blames the county's maintenance department for the sweltering temperatures at the center last week due to a failure to turn on the water chiller system."
p10
a.