(lp0
S"Krispy Kreme to dish out hundreds of FREE doughnuts in Sheffield The Star - Apr 13, 2017 Neil Williamson, operations director at Krispy Kreme, said: &quot;We can't wait to spread the joy of Krispy Kreme in Sheffield - more details will be revealed soon!&quot; Krispy Kreme said doughnuts will not be prepared on-site at the new branch, as previously ..."
p1
aS'Krispy Kreme doughnuts coming to Sheffield city centre The Star - Apr 12, 2017 There is already a Krispy Kreme store at Meadowhall shopping centre and the doughnuts are sold at various Tesco stores around Sheffield, but this would be the first dedicated Krispy Kreme store in the city centre. Krispy Kreme submitted a planning&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'The raspberry filling in your Krispy Kreme doughnut might not actually be ... Metro - Nov 15, 2016 And the strawberries in your strawberries &amp; kreme doughnut might not actually be strawberries. Noticing a pattern yet? An awful, deeply upsetting pattern?Krispy Kreme Has Been Lying To Us, Lawsuit Claims - BuzzFeed NewsKrispy Kreme sued over false advertising of fruit, maple doughnut ingredients - Fox News'
p3
aS"Krispy Kreme Doughnuts to open outlet at Gracechurch Centre in Sutton Coldfield Sutton Coldfield Observer - Mar 7, 2017 Krispy Kreme, known for its array of doughnut flavours, will be opening at the town's Gracechurch Centre next week, with a kiosk next to the shopping venue's information desk.Krispy Kreme is launching a special Mother's Day box of doughnuts - MetroKrispy Kreme to open Sutton Coldfield store and here's how to get free doughnuts - Birmingham Mail"
p4
aS"Doughnut chain Krispy Kreme is going for a name change as the UK cannot ... Burton Mail - Mar 31, 2017 Dough-nut panic if you are a lover of the world-famous Krispy Kreme doughnuts, the delicious deep fried treats are not changing - but the way we Brits pronounce it is.Krispy Kreme claim they're changing their name in the UK - for a very BIZARRE ... - OK! MagazineKrispy Kreme is 'changing its name in the UK' because Brits can't pronounce it ... - Mirror.co.uk"
p5
aS"Man arrested when officer mistakes Krispy Kreme doughnut glaze for meth The Independent - Jul 30, 2016 It wasn't the first time someone claimed a Krispy Kreme doughnut was a type of drug. But the joke wasn't funny for a Florida man who was arrested when an officer mistook doughnut glaze for methamphetamine.US police mistake icing from Krispy Kreme doughnuts for crystal meth - The Guardian"
p6
aS'Krispy Kreme customers shocked when giant RAT leaps through car park with a ... The Sun - Nov 29, 2016 The video, which was taken on her mobile phone, shows the rat speed under a Krispy Kreme bin. It is then seen leaping across the car park again and again with the doughnut in its mouth. Emma said: &quot;It had to jump because the doughnut was that big. It ...'
p7
aS"Here's how to get free Krispy Kreme doughnuts in January Manchester Evening News - Jan 5, 2017 From Monday January 9 until Tuesday January 31, the company are giving away a FREE box of twelve Original Glazed Krispy Kreme doughnuts with every box of twelve assorted doughnuts bought. The deal is available in store and via click and collect online&nbsp;...How to get 12 free Krispy Kreme doughnuts this month - Liverpool EchoDon't miss out on free doughnuts at Krispy Kreme this month - Bath Chronicle"
p8
aS"Krispy Kreme to give out thousands of free doughnuts in Teesside this weekend Gazette Live - Mar 23, 2017 Krispy Kreme will be giving out free doughnuts to lucky shoppers in Middlesbrough this weekend. The famous American doughnut company will be dishing out thousands of its famous sweet treats in 'secret' locations in the town on Saturday and Sunday - but&nbsp;...Krispy Kreme's Angel Grove store threatened in augmented reality Power Rangers ... - The DrumKrispy Kreme Doughnuts Opens 1000th International Shop in Peru - Yahoo Finance"
p9
aS"Krispy Kreme dish out thousands of free doughnuts in Teesside ahead of store ... Gazette Live - Mar 25, 2017 ... a store in the shopping centre in April . On offer will be Krispy Kreme's signature Original Glazed doughnut plus 16 other doughnut varieties - including the Nutty Chocolatta doughnut and the Reese's Peanut Butter doughnut.Krispy Kreme Opens Its 1000th  Shop in Peru - EPR Retail News People have mixed feelings about Krispy Kreme's in-your-face 'Power Rangers ... - Campaign US"
p10
a.