(lp0
S"How Starr Peak Exploration Ltd's  16.7% ROE Fares Against The Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 29, 2017 With a ROE of 16.7%, Starr Peak Exploration Ltd  could hardly match the performance of its industry, which averaged a ROE of 18.5%."
p1
aS'Lucky strike eludes colourful BC stock promoter Business in Vancouver - Jul 31, 2015 The newly renamed company, Starr Peak Exploration Ltd. , is focused on the El Toro copper-molybdenum-silver property in the Smithers, B.C.'
p2
aS'Barkerville Gold founder fined, put in penalty box Business in Vancouver - Oct 27, 2015 One other company Callaghan founded is Starr Peak Exploration Ltd.  - formerly Lions Gate Energy - which is focused on the El Toro copper-molybdenum-silver property in the Smithers, B.C.'
p3
aS"What You Must Know About NuVista Energy Ltd's  Financial Health Simply Wall St - Mar 6, 2017 NuVista Energy Ltd  is a small-cap company - a market capitalization of less than $2 billion. Such companies have the highest growth potential, primarily due to their small-size."
p4
aS"End of the paper train ticket as railways 'go paperless' Telegraph.co.uk - Dec 30, 2015 &quot;We are in the early stages of exploring how passengers could pay for and store tickets on their contactless credit or debit cards as part of our wider aim to improve the experience of rail passengers and move towards smarter types of ticket."
p5
aS"'The Young Pope,' 'Twin Peaks' and more 'Star Wars': 2017 Movie and Television ... Los Angeles Times - Jan 13, 2017 Written and directed by Paolo Sorrentino, the 10-episode limited series defies easy categorization, even if its seemingly straightforward title has already inspired a popular Twitter meme."
p6
aS"1966 could be rock 'n' roll's most revolutionary year, thanks to the Beatles ... Los Angeles Times - Aug 12, 2016 That was the year that rock 'n' roll morphed into rock, the year that the 45 rpm single yielded to the 33 1/3 rpm long-playing album as the dominant medium for the music and the year that social and political issues became a regular topic of ..."
p7
aS"Inside 'the most haunted city in America': Take a tour of Savannah's spooky ... Daily Mail - Oct 5, 2016 Located on Broughton Street, in the heart of Savannah's historic downtown, head chef Zach Starr has created a menu that is both classic and adventurous."
p8
aS"Freddie Starr ate my maggots! Comedian becomes first victim of I'm A Celebrity ... Daily Mail - Nov 12, 2011 They're used to living the high life, eating at fancy restaurants and sipping the finest champagne. But Freddie Starr was forced to trade in exquisite delicacies to chomp on creepy crawlies for his first I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! task. The ..."
p9
aS'Shedding Light on Sketchy Lines at Kicking Horse Powder Magazine - Feb 14, 2017 Should we do the secret line inside the secret line? asks Brady Starr, an off-duty ski patroller, as we take turns body-belaying down an old climbing rope affixed to a spindly dead tree.'
p10
a.