(lp0
S'The Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 1, 2017 A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on LGF. Royal Bank Of Canada raised shares of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. from a sector perform rating to an outperform rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $24.00 ...'
p1
aS"As Media Space Consolidates, Lionsgate Well Positioned As Either Predator Or Prey Benzinga - Apr 12, 2017 Against the backdrop of a consolidating media industry, Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.   appears to be a better de-leveraging story than Viacom, Inc. , Rosenblatt Securities' Alan Gould said in a report."
p2
aS'25.33 MarketWatch - Dec 8, 2016 Home &middot; Investing &middot; Quotes &middot; Stocks &middot; United States; LGF.A. Stock Screener &middot; Earnings Calendar &middot; Sectors &middot; NYSE.'
p3
aS'LGF, STRZA: Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.  Buys Starz in $4.4 Billion Deal Investorplace.com - Dec 9, 2016 Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.  and Starz also got all the approval it needed from regulators and completed other customary closing conditions.Emma Stone Twirls Through LA as Lions Gate Attempts to Rebound - Bloomberg'
p4
aS"Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Presents Its First Quarterly Report After the ... Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Lions Gate Entertainment   reported third-quarter results after the closing bell on Wednesday. It was a tricky report, including the final signatures of the $4.4 billion merger with Starz.Lions Gate Revenue Jumps Before Expected 'La La Land' Windfall - Fox Business"
p5
aS"Why Shares of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Jumped Today Motley Fool - Nov 4, 2016 Shares of Lions Gate Entertainment  jumped as much as 13.3% higher in Friday's trading session, settling down near a 12% gain at 1:30 p.m.Lions Gate revenue up 34% on movie and TV strength - MarketWatch"
p6
aS'23.21 MarketWatch - Dec 8, 2016 Home &middot; Investing &middot; Quotes &middot; Stocks &middot; United States; LGF.B. Market Screener &middot; Sectors. LGF.'
p7
aS"Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Earnings Preview: How Is That Merger Coming Along? Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 After the closing bell on Thursday, Lions Gate Entertainment  will report its first-quarter earnings. As the company is waist-deep in the pending merger with Starz , this report is sure to draw tons of attention.Lions Gate Tops Analysts' Profit Estimates on TV Production - Bloomberg"
p8
aS"Why Amazon.com, Inc.  Should Buy Lions Gate Entertainment  Investorplace.com - May 26, 2016 Amazon will have to differentiate itself from its competition. It can do so by buying up Hollywood studiossuch as Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.  . Some video streaming services are already buying up Hollywood studios. Last month, Comcast&nbsp;...Lions Gate Entertainment Earnings Preview: Q4 Won't Impress Anyone - Motley FoolLions Gate Entertainment Corp. | $LGF Stock | Shares Gap Up On Positive ... - TickerTV News "
p9
aS'Lions Gate Entertainment  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 4, 2016 Also joining us on the call today are Vice Chairman, Michael Burns; Co COO and President of Motion Picture Group, Steve Beeks; Co-President of our Motion Picture Group, Erik Feig; Chairman of our Lions Gate Television Group, Kevin Beggs; Co-COO, Brian&nbsp;...'
p10
a.