(lp0
S'Soft commodity ETFs surge as coffee and sugar prices jump 20% ETF Strategy - Oct 5, 2016 Fund provider ETF Securities also has 2x leveraged and 3x leveraged ETPs on the London Stock Exchange under respective tickers LCFE and 3CFL.'
p1
aS"WisdomTree: Don't let roll yield erode your commodity returns ETF Strategy - Mar 8, 2017 In Part 1 of Don't let roll yield erode your commodity returns, we explored how an optimised rolling commodity strategy can respond to changing market conditions arising from policy pressures; better managing the roll return component and lowering ..."
p2
aS"Seize ETF Tools To Position Your Portfolio For Any Election Outcome Investor's Business Daily - Oct 14, 2016 So say strategists at top firms that help investors profit with ETFs and manage portfolio risk. Maxwell Gold of ETF Securities makes a case for investing in gold in an election year where both presidential candidates have taken populist stances. Simeon ..."
p3
aS'Horizons ETFs Announces Name Changes for Certain ETFs Canada NewsWire  - Dec 22, 2016 Other than Horizons BetaPro S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Bull Plus ETF  and Horizons BetaPro S&amp;P/TSX Global Gold Bear Plus ETF , the investment objectives and strategies of the ETFs will not change. The changes to ... BetaPro Gold Bullion 2x ...'
p4
aS'ETF provider WisdomTree investigates benefits of optimised commodity strategies ETF Strategy - Sep 29, 2016 ... 2011 and 2015. The BNP Paribas Optimised Commodity Index  has returned over 9% year-to-date, outperforming other broad commodity strategies including the Bloomberg Commodity Index  and Thomson Reuters CRB by close to 200 bps. ... Whilst ...'
p5
aS'February 2017 ETF 20/20: Exchange Traded Fund Monthly Report Nasdaq - Feb 27, 2017 Our ETF data sets include daily ETF holdings, global ETF product &amp; smart beta classifications, historical distributions and risk metrics.'
p6
aS'INVESTMENT EXTRA: Fuelled by the strength  of demand in China ... This is Money - Feb 17, 2017 Metal prices have soared since the start of the year - but it might not be too late for those who have missed the rally to still invest.'
p7
aS"2017 Roundtable, Part 2: Manual for a Mixed-Up Market Barron's - Jan 21, 2017 This week, we turn the mic over to Scott Black, Jeffrey Gundlach, Meryl Witmer, and Mario Gabelli, whose best bets for the new year range from commodity producers to auto-parts suppliers to closed-end funds to companies bearing the indelible ..."
p8
aS"Property funds: the good, the bad and the reality check Money Observer - Jul 14, 2016 However, the gating of property funds is one of the few instances when I agree with those annoying protestations such as 'don't panic' and 'focus on your long-term goals' that many commentators in the financial services industry churn out at times of ..."
p9
aS'The best way to buy platinum BullionVault - Mar 7, 2017 Investors buy platinum because of its physical rarity and unique value to technology. How and where you buy platinum will decide your costs and potential gains.'
p10
a.