(lp0
S"Lincoln Educational Services Corporation Schedules First Quarter Earnings ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 11, 2017 WEST ORANGE, N.J., April 11, 2017  -- Lincoln Educational Services Corporation   announced today that it will host a conference call to discuss its first quarter financial results on Thursday, May 11, 2017 at&nbsp;...Today's Top Gainers in the Market Lincoln Educational Services Corporation ... - The Daily Leicester"
p1
aS'Lincoln Tech, Schmidt Peterson Motorsports Send Automotive Student to Grand ... PR Newswire  - Apr 7, 2017 Crist will participate as a member of the race team; he is the first of six students to be chosen this season as Lincoln Tech and Schmidt Peterson Motorsports mark the beginning of a sponsorship giving students an up-close look at what it takes to ...'
p2
aS'Lincoln Educational Services Corp. LINC  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Lincoln Educational Services Corp.LINC. Significant News Only. 04/07/17; Press Release. Lincoln Tech, Schmidt Peterson Motorsports Send Automotive Student to Grand Prix of Long Beach.'
p3
aS'Checking the Levels on Shares of Lincoln Educational Services Corporation ... Benton Bulletin - 15 hours ago Lincoln Educational Services Corporation  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 2. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p4
aS'Lincoln Educational Services Receives Military Friendly Schools Designation ... PR Newswire  - Dec 2, 2015 WEST ORANGE, N.J., Dec. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Lincoln Educational Services Corporation , a national leader in specialized technical training, has been named to the 2016 list of Military Friendly Schools by Victory Media, the premier&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Lincoln Tech Announces Career Training Partnership with Volkswagen PR Newswire  - May 5, 2016 WEST ORANGE, N.J., May 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Lincoln Educational Services Corporation , a national leader in specialized technical training, has entered into a contract with Volkswagen to provide manufacturer-specific career training to&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Lincoln Educational Services Corporation Launches Plan to Streamline Business ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 3, 2015 WEST ORANGE, N.J., Nov. 03, 2015  -- Lincoln Educational Services Corporation  today announced that the Board of Directors has approved a plan to divest its Healthcare and Other Professions business segment.'
p7
aS"Lincoln Educational Services'  CEO Scott Shaw on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 1, 2017 Statements made during today's call made by management of Lincoln Educational Services Corporation regarding Lincoln's business that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities law."
p8
aS'Lincoln Tech Joins American Welding Society As Educational Institution Member PR Newswire  - May 13, 2015 About Lincoln Educational Services Corporation Lincoln Educational Services Corporation is a provider of diversified career-oriented post-secondary education.'
p9
aS'Price Alert: Lincoln Educational Services Corporation  Stock ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 Price Alert: Lincoln Educational Services Corporation  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p10
a.