(lp0
S"Left for Dead, LINN Energy LLC is Starting to Show Signs of Life Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2016 One of the primary's fuels behind LINN Energy's recent rally is news that fellow left for dead peer Ultra Petroleum  was able to negotiate a waiver agreement with its lenders to buy it time to continue restructuring its debt.I Was Wrong About Linn Energy - Seeking AlphaMLP Investors Face Tax Hit On Top of Big Losses - Wall Street Journal"
p1
aS'LINN Energy Successfully Completes Financial Restructuring GlobeNewswire  - Feb 28, 2017 HOUSTON, Feb. 28, 2017  -- LINN Energy, Inc., the reorganized successor to LINN Energy, LLC, and its affiliated entities , today announced that it has emerged from Chapter 11 restructuring.Linn Energy emerges from bankruptcy, explores asset sales - Houston Business JournalLinn Energy emerges from bankruptcy as two private corporations - FuelFix '
p2
aS"Important Issue Regarding Linn Energy's Bankruptcy Seeking Alpha - Jun 6, 2016 Linn Energy LLC , which now trades using LINEQ, and LinnCo LLC  filed to bankruptcy to enable a restructuring of its excessive debt."
p3
aS"LINN Energy Announces 2016 K-1 Tax Packages Now Available GlobeNewswire  - Mar 6, 2017 HOUSTON, March 06, 2017  -- LINN Energy, Inc.  announces that LINN Energy's 2016 Individual Tax Reporting Packages, including Schedule K-1, are now available to download from the company's website and may be&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Ignore Linn Energy, LLC: Here Are 4 Better Stocks Motley Fool - May 2, 2016 Linn Energy, LLC  looks to be careening toward bankruptcy. Owning just about any company that can afford to pay its bills would be a better option right now.'
p5
aS'2 Areas LINN Energy LLC Could Sell Next Motley Fool - Sep 3, 2015 At the end of August, LINN Energy LLC  announced that it had closed the sale of its remaining Permian Basin Wolfcamp acreage.'
p6
aS'Linn Energy: Bankruptcy Blowout Seeking Alpha - May 13, 2016 If you are a Linn Energy, LLC  unitholder, you have gotten a front seat to a real spectacle: Linn Energy was flying high when times were good and energy prices supported aggressive growth in the shale oil and gas sector.Linn Energy Files for Bankruptcy - Wall Street JournalUPDATE 2-Linn Energy files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in oil bust - Reuters'
p7
aS'1 Development LINN Energy LLC Investors Should Pay Close Attention To Motley Fool - Sep 29, 2015 LINN Energy LLC  spent much of the past two years reshuffling its portfolio to better stabilize its production profile.'
p8
aS"Is LINN Energy LLC's Latest Debt Deal Enough? Motley Fool - Nov 16, 2015 Oil prices have remained a lot weaker for a lot longer than most oil companies had ever expected. This persistent weakness is causing a lot of uncertainty, which is forcing weaker oil companies like LINN Energy  and affiliate LinnCo&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'LINN Energy, LLC Finally Finalizes 3 Key Transactions Motley Fool - Jul 6, 2015 After months of waiting LINN Energy, LLC  investors finally have confirmation that the company has indeed finalized three transactions that have been pending for months.Linn Energy snags $1.5B and sells Texas assets - Houston Business JournalLINN Energy Finalizes Strategic Alliance With Quantum Energy Partners - GlobeNewswire '
p10
a.