(lp0
S'Market: The Fidelity Southern Corp.  Reaches New 12-Month High After ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 Shares of Fidelity Southern Corp.  hit a new 52-week high on Monday following a dividend announcement from the company.'
p1
aS"Fidelity Southern Corporation Completes Merger With American Enterprise ... PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2016 ATLANTA, March 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Fidelity Southern Corporation , the holding company for Fidelity Bank, announced the closing of its merger with American Enterprise Bankshares, Inc. , the holding company for&nbsp;...Behind the Deal: Jacksonville community bank's merger with Atlanta-based ... - Jacksonville Business Journal"
p2
aS'Analyst Target Review on Fidelity Southern Corporation  Rockville Register - 13 hours ago Equity research analysts have provided views on where they believe the stock will be trading in the future. According to Thomson Reuters, analysts are projecting a consensus target price of $24.17 on company shares.'
p3
aS'Fidelity Southern Corporation Completes Acquisition of Eight Florida Branches PR Newswire  - Sep 14, 2015 ATLANTA, Sept. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Fidelity Southern Corporation  , holding company for Fidelity Bank, today announced the completion of the previously announced acquisition of the deposits of eight branches of First Bank.'
p4
aS"Fidelity Southern Sees Growth In Atlanta Seeking Alpha - Nov 15, 2016 In this article, Premium Contributor Ian Bezek of Ian's Inside Corner and I discuss southeastern bank Fidelity Southern Corp.'s  operations and growth promises relative to a few of its peers. We'll cover the reasons why we selected this ..."
p5
aS'Fidelity Southern And American Enterprise Bankshares Announce Merger Agreement PR Newswire  - Oct 26, 2015 ATLANTA and JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Fidelity Southern Corporation , the holding company for Fidelity Bank, and American Enterprise Bankshares, Inc. , the holding company for American&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Fidelity Southern Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 23 Equities.com - Mar 23, 2017 Fidelity Southern Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 23, as the stock gained 1.02% to close at $20.86.Stock Returns: The First Bancorp Inc  versus Fidelity Southern ... - CML NewsTwo Sigma Investments LP Sells 2632 Shares of Fidelity Southern Co.  - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Fidelity Southern Corporation  is Beating ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fidelity Southern Corporation  versus Westamerica Bancorporation  .'
p8
aS'Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fidelity Southern Co.  to Hold Sports Perspectives - 7 hours ago Fidelity Southern Co.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a note issued to investors on Thursday.Stock Returns: Preferred Bank  is Beating Fidelity Southern ... - CML NewsThe Fidelity Southern Corporation  Position Lowered by Css LLC Il - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS'Jacksonville Community Bank Merges With Fidelity Southern Corp. WJCT NEWS - Mar 3, 2016 A Jacksonville community bank is no more after the closing of a merger with an Atlanta Bank. American Enterprise Bank of Florida has been subsumed into Atlanta-based Fidelity Southern Corp., the conclusion of a $27 million deal.'
p10
a.