(lp0
S'The Linear Technology Corporation  Shares Sold by Tower Square ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in LLTC. Global X Management Co.'
p1
aS'Linear Technology Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February ... Nasdaq - Feb 21, 2017 Linear Technology Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 22, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.33 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 07, 2017.'
p2
aS'Form 425 LINEAR TECHNOLOGY CORP Filed by: ANALOG DEVICES INC StreetInsider.com - Sep 28, 2016 A: On July 26, 2016, Analog Devices, Inc.  announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Linear Technology  in a cash and stock transaction that values the combined enterprise at approximately $30&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Linear Technology Corp. : Slight Beat Before Merger - Drexel Hamilton StreetInsider.com - Jan 18, 2017 Drexel Hamilton analyst, Cody Acree, reiterated his Hold rating on shares of Linear Technology  after the company announced a solid December quarter with a modest revenue and earnings upside in a quarter that has historically been a&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Linear Technology Corp.  Receives Shareholder Approval of Analog Devices ... StreetInsider.com - Oct 18, 2016 Linear Technology Corporation  announced that, based on a preliminary vote tally from Linear Technology's Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Linear Technology's stockholders approved the merger agreement under which Analog Devices,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Linear Technology Corporation Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of ... PR Newswire  - Jul 28, 2016 NEW YORK, July 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- WeissLaw LLP is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of Linear Technology Corporation  in connection with the proposed&nbsp;...Analog Devices and Linear Technology to Combine Creating the Premier Analog ... - Business Wire '
p6
aS"Analog Devices  Completes Acquisition of Linear Technology  StreetInsider.com - Mar 10, 2017 Analog Devices, Inc.  today announced the completion of its acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation. The combination creates the premier analog technology company with the industry's most comprehensive suite of high-performance&nbsp;...Analog Devices Announces Final Regulatory Approval and Closing Date for ... - Yahoo FinanceAnalog Devices: Sets Linear Tech Deal Date, Ups Guidance, Says CFO Is Leaving - Barron's "
p7
aS"Form 4 LINEAR TECHNOLOGY CORP For: Mar 10 Filed by: LEE DAVID S StreetInsider.com - Mar 14, 2017 Get the Pulse of the Market with StreetInsider.com's Pulse Picks. Get your Free Trial here. FORM 4, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C."
p8
aS'LINEAR TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Completion of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 10, 2017 Linear Technology Corporation is engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing a line of analog integrated circuits. The Company produces power management, data conversion, signal conditioning, radio frequency  and interface integrated&nbsp;...Yesterday Stock Trend Overview: Linear Technology Corporation  - Is storiesBrokers Issue New Targets On Linear Technology Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p9
aS"DISH Network To Replace Linear Technology In S&amp;P 500 Nasdaq - Mar 6, 2017  - S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices said that DISH Network Corp.  will replace Linear Technology Corp.  in the S&amp;P 500 effective prior to the open on Monday, March 13.Linear Technology Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 08 - Equities.comDish Network to take Linear Technology's spot on S&amp;P 500 - Financial Times"
p10
a.