(lp0
S"Eli Lilly &amp; Co. : Baricitinib CRL Limited Hit to Top Large-Cap Growth ... StreetInsider.com - 22 hours ago Piper Jaffray analyst Richard Purkiss, reiterated his Overweight rating on shares of Eli Lilly  after the FDA issued a CRL regarding its NDA for baricitinib.Eli Lilly's Rheumatoid Arthritis Drug Gets CRL in the U.S. - Yahoo FinanceEli Lilly stock decline hits DC plan, endowment - Pensions & Investments"
p1
aS'Eli Lilly and Co  Stock Holders Choke on FDA Letter for Barictinib Investorplace.com - 19 hours ago Eli Lilly and Co  was the disaster of the day Monday, falling about 4% on early trade after what was called a rejection of its anti-arthritis drug, barictinib.Eli Lilly and Company  Dips 4.08% for April 17 - Equities.comAnalyst Downgrades  Eli Lilly and Co  Stock Gets Downgraded By ... - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS"Lilly Uses 'Horny Goat Weed' to Fend Off Cialis Royalty Demands Bloomberg - 15 hours ago Eli Lilly &amp; Co. told a federal jury that a German company is trying to take credit for centuries-old Chinese medicine in seeking royalties on the use of its erectile-dysfunction drug Cialis to treat an enlarged prostate."
p3
aS'Eli Lilly and Company Calls Stockholders Meeting PR Newswire UK  - Mar 21, 2017 Lilly makes available free of charge on its website, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, reports filed pursuant to Section 16 of the U.S.Eli Lilly to spend $85M on Indy manufacturing facility - Indianapolis StarEli Lilly To Invest $850M in US Capital Projects  - Investopedia'
p4
aS"US FDA declines to approve Eli Lilly and Incyte arthritis drug Olumiant Reuters UK - Apr 14, 2017 WASHINGTON The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday declined to approve a new drug for rheumatoid arthritis made by Eli Lilly and Co and partner Incyte Corp, the companies said on Friday. The U.S. FDA indicated that additional clinical data was&nbsp;...Eli Lilly and Incyte stock drops after FDA fails to approve rheumatoid ... - MarketWatchU.S. regulators reject Eli Lilly's rheumatoid arthritis pill - Fox 59"
p5
aS"Eli Lilly and Co. pulls ads from Bill O'Reilly's show; Angie's List stays on Indianapolis Star - Apr 5, 2017 Eli Lilly and Co. says it will pull its advertising from Bill O'Reilly's Fox News show, but Angie's List says its commercials will continue after a New York Times report revealed settlements on allegations of sexual harassment against the host.Lilly among firms pulling ads from 'O'Reilly Factor' - Indianapolis Business Journal"
p6
aS'Pensionfund DSM Netherlands Buys Facebook, Celgene, Eli Lilly and Co, Sells ... Nasdaq - Apr 3, 2017 Pensionfund DSM Netherlands initiated holdings in Facebook Inc. The purchase prices were between $116.86 and $142.65, with an estimated average price of $133.64.'
p7
aS'Incyte  And Eli Lilly  Are Sinking After FDA Rejection Nasdaq - 20 hours ago  and Eli Lilly &amp; Co.  announced Friday that the received a complete response letter from the FDA for baricitinib, a treatment for moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis.'
p8
aS'Eli Lilly and Co. announces large investment Indianapolis Star - Mar 24, 2017 Dave Ricks, Eli Lilly and Co. president and CEO, announces that Lilly will spend $85 million in the city of Indianapolis to expand its assembly of an injection device for the diabetes drug dulaglutide during a press conference at the Lilly Technology ...'
p9
aS"BRIEF-Eli Lilly and Co says CEO John Lechleiter's 2016 total compensation was ... Reuters - Mar 20, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p10
a.