(lp0
S"Mark Webber: This is what Liberty Media must NOT do to Formula One - EXCLUSIVE Express.co.uk - Mar 22, 2017 And while the legendary supremo has been shifted sideways, Liberty's new F1 CEO Chase Carey is also understood to be keen on expanding the season further.Bernie Ecclestone takes shots at Formula One's new owners - GiveMeSportNBC broadcaster Leigh Diffey: F1 will be fast, tough and mind-blowing - Autoweek"
p1
aS"Formula One order Lewis Hamilton to scrap video clip from social media after ... Daily Mail - 12 hours ago Lewis Hamilton has been ordered to take down an on-board video clip from social media because it broke guidelines set out by Formula One's new owners, Liberty Media. Liberty have encouraged drivers to reach out to fans by posting behind-the-scenes&nbsp;...Lewis Hamilton ordered to delete Formula One video from social media account - Aberdeen Evening Express"
p2
aS"F1 could be sold again, says Bernie Ecclestone Daily Mail - Apr 15, 2017 Bernie Ecclestone has claimed that Formula One's new owners could sell up at any time. Three months after Liberty Media completed their 6.4b buyout, Ecclestone told Sportsmail that he does not think the company's chairman, 76-year-old John Malone,&nbsp;...Formula One's new owners hit back at Bernie Ecclestone jibe - Financial TimesFormula One could be sold again, claims ex-owner Ecclestone - GiveMeSport"
p3
aS"Reasons to be cheerful as Liberty Media era dawns in Formula One The Conversation UK - Mar 21, 2017 If its recent history is any guide, Liberty Media, the group which now owns F1, should have the ability, experience and resources to revitalise the sport, and deliver on promises they've made.Unclear if more teams will buy F1 says Lauda - GrandPrix"
p4
aS"Liberty Media Boasts Of Formula One's 'Brilliant' Tax Scheme Forbes - Mar 30, 2017 It isn't often that company executives boast in public about matters which the man on the street might find abhorrent. Usually such admissions come through undercover filming but Liberty Media Corporation is an exception. In January Liberty completed ..."
p5
aS"American investors used secret Scottish 'zero-tax' firms in 6bn Formula One ... Herald Scotland - Apr 5, 2017 AMERICAN investors used controversial Scottish zero-tax shell firms in their 6.4 billion takeover of Formula One, The Herald can reveal.&quot;Shadowy&quot; Scottish companies at the heart of Liberty's F1 takeover - pitpass.com"
p6
aS"Exclusive: Christian Horner On Liberty Media's Formula One Takeover Newsweek - Mar 23, 2017 Christian Horner is excited about the changes Liberty Media will make in Formula One and says Red Bull will look to aid the improvement of the sport.Formula One Exclusive: Christian Horner on Racer Rivalry and His Quest to ... - Yahoo NewsMercedes' reign bad so Liberty must act: Horner - The Straits Times"
p7
aS'Shanghai F1 race promoters happier in Liberty Media era Autoweek - Apr 11, 2017 With Liberty Media now in charge of F1, promoters of the Chinese Grand Prix say hopes are high the Shanghai race will stay on the calendar.'
p8
aS"Formula One: Owners Liberty Media ought to be looking at buying circuits, says ... The Straits Times - Mar 30, 2017 LONDON  - United States Grand Prix promoter Bobby Epstein says it would make sense for Formula One's  new American owners Liberty Media to buy some circuits as part of their long-term strategic plans for the sport. The Circuit of the&nbsp;...US GP boss: New owners should buy circuits - Planet F1Circuit Of The Americas Chair Says Liberty Should Buy Circuits As Part Of ... - SportsBusiness Daily "
p9
aS"F1 Melbourne: Liberty Media hits the ground running The Roar - Mar 24, 2017 Liberty Media has displayed that it intends to make good on its aspirations to improve the 'show', by establishing a firm agenda at its first race weekend.Cooperation the key to a better F1 - Ross Brawn Q&amp;A - Formula 1Americanized: F1 to sell paddock passes at its races - Autoweek"
p10
a.