(lp0
S"Why Snyder's-Lance Inc Shares Tumbled Today Motley Fool - 17 hours ago Separately, the company also said that CEO Carl Lee would retire after 12 years with the company, and that he would be replaced on an interim basis by Brian Driscoll, who served as CEO of Diamond Foods, which Snyder's-Lance acquired a year ago.Snyder's-Lance Inc.  Is Tumbling After Guidance Cut - NasdaqSnyder's-Lance Inc.  Warns for Q1, Confirm CEO Transition Plan - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS"In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Snyder's-Lance, Inc ... The De Soto Edge - Jan 20, 2017 Following U.S. election volatility some analysts have updated their recommended target prices on shares of Snyder's-Lance, Inc. . According to the most recently released broker notes, 3 analysts have a rating of strong buy on the stock,&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Why Dish Network Corp , Snyder's-Lance Inc  and Incyte Corporation ... Investorplace.com - 13 hours ago While stocks may have ended last week's holiday-shortened trading on a low note, the three-day weekend gave traders a chance to forget about their concerns and get back on their bullish horse."
p3
aS"Snyder's-Lance, Inc. to Present at 2017 CAGNY Conference GlobeNewswire  - Feb 15, 2017 CHARLOTTE, N.C., Feb. 15, 2017  -- Snyder's-Lance, Inc. , today announced that the Company will present at the 2017 CAGNY Conference on Tuesday, February 21, 2017, at 4:15 p.m.Snyder's-Lance, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter &amp; Full Year 2016 Results - VendingMarketWatchFive achievements drive momentum at Snyder's-Lance - Food Business News "
p4
aS"Alere and Arconic rise while Snyder's-Lance tumbles Miami Herald - 12 hours ago Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday: Arconic Inc., up 79 cents to $26.69. The CEO of the metal components maker resigned after he sent a letter to Arconic's biggest shareholder without informing the board.Led by banks, stocks jump after strong report from China - Herald & Review"
p5
aS"Watching Shares of Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  BVN - 23 hours ago Looking at shares of Snyder's-Lance, Inc. , the company presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.202158."
p6
aS"Stock Sheet: Reviewing the Levels for Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 3 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 5165848. The EV is used to show how the market assigns value to a&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"Snyder's-Lance pushes farther into healthier snacks with investment in Denver ... Charlotte Business Journal - Feb 17, 2017 Snyder's-Lance Inc. is buying into a Denver-based company that makes natural and organic foods for customers. The Charlotte snack food maker  is investing in Natural Foodworks Group, which manufactures healthier foods and helps its&nbsp;...Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 21, 2017 - Nasdaq"
p8
aS"What To Expect From Snyder's-Lance Inc's  Earnings In The Year Ahead? Simply Wall St - Apr 13, 2017 Based on the latest analyst predictions Snyder's-Lance Inc  is estimated to grow its earnings 197.4% over the next year.The Consensus Has Spoken: Ratings update on Snyder's-Lance, Inc.  - The HeraldSnyder's-Lance Inc  Sees Large Drop in Short Interest - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS"Snyder's-Lance: May Stay Busy Putting Off Fires Seeking Alpha - Oct 4, 2016 The company has an impressive collection of brands that have decent market share in their respective categories, but strong headwinds may limit gains for the shareholders."
p10
a.