(lp0
S'Alliant Energy names David de Leon Vice President of Wisconsin Operations PR Newswire  - Apr 5, 2017 MADISON, Wis., April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Patricia Kampling, Alliant Energy Corporation Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, announced that David de Leon has been named Vice President of Wisconsin Operations.Alliant Energy Co. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p1
aS"How Does Alliant Energy Corporation  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - 22 hours ago Alliant Energy Corporation  is an interesting player in the Utilities space, with a focus on Electric Utilities. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $39.62, down from yesterday's close by -0.68%.Creative Planning Has $1.115 Million Position in Alliant Energy Co.  - Markets Daily"
p2
aS"Alliant Energy's Riverside power plant near Beloit needs $25 million in repairs Madison.com - Apr 13, 2017 One of Alliant Energy Corp.'s key power plants serving the Madison area has been out of service since September and is not expected to restart until July, the Madison utility company confirmed Wednesday.Madison utility says power plant needs $25M for repairs - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p3
aS"Alliant Energy Announces 2016 Results And 2017 Earnings Guidance PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2017 Utilities, ATC and Corporate Services - Alliant Energy's Utilities, American Transmission Company LLC  and Alliant Energy Corporate Services, Inc.  operations generated $1.85 per share of GAAP EPS from continuing operations in&nbsp;...Alliant Energy's  CEO Pat Kampling on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p4
aS'Alliant Energy Corp. announces executive changes Madison.com - Oct 4, 2016 MADISON - Alliant Energy Corp. announced that Tom Hanson, senior vice president and chief financial officer, will retire Dec. 31 after more than three decades with the company.'
p5
aS"Will A Hot Summer Support Alliant Energy's High Valuation? Seeking Alpha - Jun 28, 2016 Midwest electric and natural gas utility Alliant Energy  reported Q1 earnings last month that were in line with the consensus estimate even as the previous quarter's warmer-than-average temperatures persisted through March."
p6
aS'Alliant Energy names Barbara Tormaschy Vice President of Finance PR Newswire  - Oct 25, 2016 MADISON, Wis., Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Patricia Kampling, Alliant Energy Corporation Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, announced that Barbara Tormaschy has been named Vice President of Finance.'
p7
aS"Alliant Energy apologizes to Iowa customers for unexpectedly high electric bills Madison.com - Oct 5, 2016 Alliant Energy Corp. is telling angry Iowa customers it's sorry their electric bills suddenly shot up by hundreds of dollars."
p8
aS'Alliant Energy rates to rise in January Madison.com - Dec 22, 2016 A major source of electricity for the Madison area comes from the coal-fired Columbia power plant near Portage, pictured above. The power plant is operated and co-owned by Alliant Energy Corp., which got the approval of state regulators on Thursday to&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Alliant Energy plans wind farm construction spree Madison.com - Nov 4, 2016 Alliant Energy Corp. says it plans to build what could amount to several wind farms in Iowa and Wisconsin over the next four years.'
p10
a.