(lp0
S'Lorillard Confirms Appointment of David Taylor as Chief Executive of ITG ... PR Newswire  - Feb 26, 2015 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Lorillard, Inc.  today confirmed that David Taylor, currently executive vice president, finance and planning and chief financial officer of Lorillard, will serve as the new chief executive of ITG Brands LLC (&quot;ITG ...Tobacco companies to settle smoking lawsuits for $100 million - CNBCBig Tobacco Pays $100M To End 400 Engle Cases - Law360 '
p1
aS'Reynolds American Completes Lorillard Acquisition CSPnet.com - Jun 14, 2015 In the related divestiture transactions, subsidiaries of Reynolds American have sold the KOOL, Salem, Winston, Maverick and blu eCigs brands, and other assets and liabilities, to ITG Brands LLC, a subsidiary of Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, for $7.1 ...RAI CEO Extends Tenure Through Lorillard Integration - CSNews OnlineCameron discloses plans to step down second time from Reynolds - Winston-Salem Journal'
p2
aS"NJ High Court Won't Review Axed Tax Rule In Lorillard Row Law360  - Jun 21, 2016 The appellate court had refused to overturn a 2013 ruling from state Tax Court Judge Patrick D. DeAlmeida that prevents the state Division of Taxation from applying the throw-out rule in calculating what Lorillard Licensing Co. LLC should owe under ..."
p3
aS'The Big Day: Reynolds completes acquisition of Lorillard today Winston-Salem Journal - Jun 12, 2015 Neither Reynolds nor ITG Brands LLC planned a public celebration of their transactions. ITG Brands is the U.S. subsidiary of Imperial Tobacco.Reynolds American completes acquisition of Lorillard and related divestitures - PR Newswire '
p4
aS"NJ Alehouse Can't Duck Lorillard's 'Blu' Trademark Claim Law360  - Mar 16, 2015 U.S. District Judge Kevin McNulty said Lorillard and LOEC Inc. had alleged enough facts - their ownership of the trademarks, their nationwide marketing and sale, and similarity to the ale house's use - that the suit should move past NJ Ale House LLC ..."
p5
aS"Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Lorillard  Share Price Markets Daily - Apr 13, 2017 Receive News &amp; Ratings for Lorillard LLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lorillard LLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter."
p6
aS'ITG Brands Executive Team Appointed Business Wire  - Apr 24, 2015 GREENSBORO, N.C.----ITG Brands, LLC, the wholly owned subsidiary of Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, has announced the appointment of executive team members following the expected completion of transactions, which remain subject to ...Imperial Tobacco makes changes in advance of Reynolds deal - Winston-Salem Journal'
p7
aS"Reynolds, Lorillard in tobacco merger CNNMoney - Jul 15, 2014 Reynolds and Lorillard said they will each sell off some of their other brands as part of deal. Imperial , the fourth-largest international tobacco company, has agreed to purchase KOOL, Salem, Winston, Maverick and blu eCigs in a separate $7.1 ...Reynolds American To Acquire Lorillard In Transaction Valued At $27.4 Billion - PR Newswire Memphis-based American Snuff still crucial to Reynolds' market share  - Memphis Business Journal"
p8
aS'ITG Brands clarifies production plans Winston-Salem Journal - Jun 18, 2015 ITG Brands LLC, with the bulk of legacy Lorillard Inc. operations now in its control, has provided an update on production integration plans.'
p9
aS'A single nexus standard for New Jersey and its throw-out rule Lexology  - Nov 7, 2013 In Lorillard, Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC  licensed intangible property to an affiliated licensee that used the intangible property throughout the US, including New Jersey.'
p10
a.