(lp0
S"Union to help 'entity' advance bid for Essar Sault Star - Apr 12, 2017 The unknown 'entity' that United Steelworkers Local 2251 has vowed to support, is called Maga Steel Corporation, the Sault Star has learned. Maga Steel Corporation's chief executive officer is Thomas M. Clarke,. and the company name is believed to be a&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Silvert leaving EDC for Malcolm Bryant Corp. messenger-inquirer - 12 hours ago Madison Silvert, president and chief executive officer of the Greater Owensboro Economic Development Corp. since October 2013, is leaving at the end of May to become president of the Owensboro-based Malcolm Bryant Corp. The full-service real estate&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Biz Buzz: Stephen Gould Corp. plans move to Scott's Addition Richmond.com - Apr 17, 2017 prev. next. Stephen Gould Corp., a national packaging design and product-development firm, is moving its local offices from Nuckols Road in northwestern Henrico County to Scott's Addition later this year."
p3
aS"'Market of the future' - industry leaders flock to Shanghai motor show Deutsche Welle - 1 hour ago International giants like Volkswagen and General Motors are forced to partner with a local corporation for their China operations."
p4
aS'East Lawrence Water Corp. To Replace Hydrant WBIW.com - Apr 14, 2017  - East Lawrence Water Corporation will be replacing a hydrant along U.S. 50 East on Tuesday. Work will begin around 8 a.m.'
p5
aS"Wanted: Retail tenants for space near Fort Worth Convention Center Fort Worth Star Telegram - 13 hours ago In 2012, when the Omni's lease expired, the city looked into selling the space to its nonprofit Fort Worth Local Development Corp., to generate some revenue for the city, but that deal fell through. At one point, a German-style restaurant was ..."
p6
aS'Green EnviroTech Holdings, Corp. signs the building lease with Lawrence ... Marketwired  - 32 minutes ago The LEDC is thankful to the many local and state organizations that will be contributing funds to establish the infrastructure needed to utilize the former DOW site including Jobs Ohio and American Electric Power.'
p7
aS"Devil's Lake concessions operator donates nearly $70K to park Madison.com - 11 hours ago The $68,800 the Devil's Lake Concession Corp. donated to the park this year is above the $181,000 annual rent and percentage of sales it pays the state to operate four concession locations in the park that is considered one of the crown jewels of the ..."
p8
aS'$500000 to name amphitheater Fort Wayne Journal Gazette - 5 hours ago The amphitheater naming rights are one of several opportunities the city is offering local organizations that want to support the riverfront development project.'
p9
aS'Council OKs bid for street paving The Star Beacon - 5 hours ago During the public comment portion of the meeting, area resident Dave Corp questioned the decision to pave less-traversed Gary Avenue while nothing has been done to take care of Jefferson Avenue from 52nd Street to Center Road in the last two years,&nbsp;...'
p10
a.