(lp0
S"Apple Ditches Chipmaker's 'Goofed Up' IP Suit Law360  - Oct 17, 2014 Law360, San Francisco  -- A California federal judge on Thursday threw out chipmaker Logic Devices Inc.'s case accusing Apple Inc. of infringing a patent on data processing, saying it looked like Logic Devices had goofed&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Building a better model of human-automation interaction Science Daily - Feb 7, 2017 People generally make decisions using two ways of thinking: They think consciously, deliberate for a while, and try to use logic to figure out what action to take -- referred to as analytical cognition. Or people unconsciously recognize patterns in ...'
p2
aS'iPhone 8 latest rumours - release date, UK price, features &amp; specs Macworld UK - Nov 1, 2016 Logic and history both point to September, then, but multiple sources are suggesting that Apple may miss its usual date with smartphone destiny.'
p3
aS"Best-in-Class Active OR'ing MOSFET Controller from Diodes Incorporated ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 13, 2017 Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today introduced the ZXGD3112N7. Extending ..."
p4
aS"2.0A, 2.5A and 3.0A Power Switches from Diodes Incorporated Designed for USB ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 21, 2017 Diodes' products include diodes, rectifiers, transistors, MOSFETs, protection devices, function-specific arrays, single gate logic, amplifiers and comparators, Hall-effect and temperature sensors, power management devices, including LED drivers, AC-DC&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Taking cybersecurity a step further with attribute-based access control FederalNewsRadio.com - 14 hours ago But with millions of hack attempts a day, combined with the increasing number of connected devices, it is crucial to enact the best security measures that exist.'
p6
aS'Can a renewal of inner space help heal the Earth? Global Sisters Report  - 1 hour ago It incorporated a space for the body and a space for the soul. The physical and the spiritual mirrored one another, and the .... human brain is literally changing with constant computer use. Studies show that constant computer use is enhancing the ...'
p7
aS'Global DAC Market 2017 Analog Devices, Cirrus Logic, Diodes Incorporated ... HiTechReporter - Mar 14, 2017 Global DAC Market key Manufactures are Analog Devices, Cirrus Logic, Diodes Incorporated, Texas Instruments, STMicroelectronics, Microchip Technology.'
p8
aS"Pacific Crest Recommends Apple Stock, But Still Wary Of Its Suppliers Benzinga - Aug 26, 2016 Andy Hargreaves of Pacific Crest laid out the case for investors to hold an Overweight position in Apple Inc. , but hold a cautious view towards the companies that make up Apple's supply chain."
p9
aS"Diodes Incorporated Announces Production Delay at Lee's Summit Wafer Fab Business Wire  - Dec 6, 2016 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductor markets, today ...DIODES INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive"
p10
a.