(lp0
S"Losses Mount at Liquidity Services as Business Challenges Continue Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Looking more closely at the results, Liquidity Services' internal metrics were mixed. The number of registered buyers that the company had climbed to 3.02 million, which was up by about 5% from the year-ago quarter. However, completed transactions were&nbsp;...Liquidity Services'  CEO Bill Angrick on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Two Sigma Investments LP Raises Stake in Liquidity Services, Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Liquidity Services logo Two Sigma Investments LP raised its stake in Liquidity Services, Inc.  by 105.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.The Liquidity Services, Inc.  Releases Earnings Results - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS"Why Liquidity Services Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - Dec 2, 2016 Putting aside Liquidity Services' latest difficult quarterly report a few weeks ago, the timing is rather curious. Earlier this week, Liquidity Services issued a press release touting its annual &quot;Restock Tuesday&quot; event -- &quot;where retailers turn to ..."
p3
aS"Liquidity Services: Up 50%, Still My Best Idea Seeking Alpha - Aug 5, 2016 But when I know I'm right, I'm not shy about communicating that - and I was pretty unapologetic on my bullishness on Liquidity Services  earlier this year. While I received ... This is the sort of situation where I shine, because the facts ..."
p4
aS'Why Liquidity Services, Inc. Stock Popped Today Motley Fool - May 5, 2016 What: Shares of Liquidity Services  rose as much as 12.1% early Thursday, then settled to trade up 9% as of 11:00 a.m.'
p5
aS'Why Liquidity Services, Inc. Stock Gained 12% Last Month Motley Fool - Oct 12, 2016 Shares of liquidation specialist Liquidity Services, Inc.  surged last month as the company got a boost from a new contract with Indassol on the last day of the month, helping to give the stock double-digit gains for September.'
p6
aS"Liquidity Services Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 05 Equities.com - Apr 5, 2017 Liquidity Services Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 05, as the stock lost 1.33% to close at $7.40. On the day, Liquidity Services Inc. saw 202,552 shares trade hands on 903 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily ...Insider Selling: Liquidity Services, Inc.  Insider Sells 7717 Shares of ... - The Cerbat GemLiquidity Services, Inc. 's VP &amp; Chief Accounting Officer Michael ... - MoneyMakingArticles"
p7
aS'Tiger Liquidity Services Energy Partners to conduct online auction for equipment WorldOil  - Dec 13, 2016 HOUSTON -- Tiger Liquidity Services Energy Partners , a strategic alliance between Tiger Group and Liquidity Services, Inc., will conduct an online auction on Dec. 13 for assets that are no longer needed for the continuing operations of Aly ...'
p8
aS"Liquidity Services to Host Open House at Brampton Distribution Center Yahoo Finance - Jan 9, 2017 Liquidity Services , a global solution provider in the reverse supply chain with the world's largest marketplace for business surplus, announced today that it will host an open house at its Brampton, Ontario distribution center on Wednesday ..."
p9
aS'Update in Lawsuit for Investors in Liquidity Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:LQDT ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 14, 2016 SAN DIEGO, June 14, 2016  -- The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. announces that a lawsuit is pending in the District Court for the District of Columbia on behalf of certain purchasers of shares of Liquidity Services, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p10
a.