(lp0
S'The Lattice Semiconductor Corporation  Position Held by UBS Asset ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 29, 2017 Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC increased its stake in Lattice Semiconductor Corporation by 698.6% in the second quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Is Lattice Semiconductor Corporation's  Balance Sheet Strong Enough To ... Simply Wall St - 12 hours ago While small-cap stocks, such as Lattice Semiconductor Corporation  with its market cap of USD $825 Million, are popular for their explosive growth, investors should also pay heed to their balance sheet to judge whether the company can&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Taking A Bet On Lattice Semiconductor Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 Lattice Semiconductor  shareholders voted to approve a $1.3B merger with Canyon Bridge Canyon Bridge Capital Partners,  on February 28 that values the stock at $8.30 a share.'
p3
aS'Lattice Semiconductor to Sell Itself to Canyon Bridge for $1.3 Billion Wall Street Journal - Nov 3, 2016 Lattice Semiconductor Corp. on Thursday said it agreed to a $1.3 billion buyout offer from Canyon Bridge Capital Partners Inc., a new private-equity firm backed by investors in China.Lattice Semiconductor to be Acquired by Canyon Bridge Capital Partners, Inc ... - Business Wire '
p4
aS"Lattice Semiconductor shareholders approve merger with Canyon Bridge Seeking Alpha - Feb 28, 2017 By a vote of 77.83% of outstanding Lattice Semiconductor  shares. The planned merger had been approved prior by the company's board.Lattice Shareholders Approve China Takeover - EE Times"
p5
aS'Why Lattice Semiconductor Corporation Shares Jumped Today Motley Fool - May 10, 2016 . May 10, 2016 at 12:25PM. Lattice. Image source: Lattice Semiconductor. What: Shares of Lattice Semiconductor  have jumped today, up by 9% as of 12:03 p.m. ET, after the company reported first-quarter earnings. Longview.'
p6
aS"Why Did Lattice Semiconductor's Stock Surge Almost 20%? Market Realist - Apr 15, 2016 Tsinghua Unigroup is back in action with reports floating around about a new acquisition. The company has purchased 7.2 million shares of Lattice Semiconductor , according to a regulatory filing on April 13, 2016. This led Lattice Semiconductor's&nbsp;...Why Shares of Lattice Semiconductor Are Surging Today - Motley FoolLattice shares soar after China's Tsinghua reports buying stake - Reuters"
p7
aS'US Lawmakers Urge Rejection of China-Linked Purchase of Lattice Semiconductor Wall Street Journal - Dec 6, 2016 U.S. lawmakers are warning the Obama administration not to green-light a China-backed semiconductor deal, increasing the pressure on Beijing just days after President Barack Obama barred a Chinese investor from purchasing another technology firm with&nbsp;...CFIUS Upcoming/New Filing: Canyon Bridge Capital Partners and Lattice ... - The National Law Review'
p8
aS'Lattice Semiconductor Corp  Stake Cut by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP BBNS - 5 hours ago Lattice Semiconductor Corp logo Dimensional Fund Advisors LP lowered its position in shares of Lattice Semiconductor Corp  by 5.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor ...Lattice Semiconductor Corporation : How Does This Stock Rank ... - TCT'
p9
aS"Chinese government money backs $1.3 billion deal for Lattice Semiconductor STLtoday.com - Nov 29, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO  Canyon Bridge Capital Partners, a buyout fund that agreed to acquire U.S.-based chip maker Lattice Semiconductor Corp. for $1.3 billion earlier this month, is funded partly by cash originating from China's central government and also ...A New Twist Emerges In Lattice Semiconductor Corp  Buyout Deal - Market ExclusiveFilings detail just how many suitors were courting Lattice - Portland Business Journal"
p10
a.