(lp0
S"Under Armour Inc  and Lululemon Athletica Inc.  Should Join Forces Investorplace.com - 16 hours ago ... margins are cratering due to a price war with Nike Inc  and Adidas AG   that's clearly not winnable.Will a Takeover Offer Be in the Future for Lululemon ? - Nasdaq"
p1
aS'Why lululemon athletica inc. Stock Plunged 20.5% in March Motley Fool - Apr 11, 2017 Shares of lululemon athletica inc.  fell 20.5% in the month of March, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after the yoga apparel specialist released mixed fiscal fourth-quarter results and disappointing forward&nbsp;...Stifel Upgrades Lululemon Athletica Inc.  to Buy - StreetInsider.comLululemon Athletica Inc. performed Very Well with a change of 0.74% in the ... - Free Observer'
p2
aS'Lululemon Athletica inc. stock tumbles after soft guidance AOL - Mar 30, 2017 Lululemon Athletica inc.  shares were down more than 23 percent on Thursday after the company guided for a &quot;slow start&quot; to 2017.Lululemon Athletica Inc.: On Sale or Out of Luck? - The Motley Fool CanadaLululemon Athletica Inc.  Stock Shows the Ugly Side of Retail - Investorplace.com'
p3
aS"Here's Why lululemon athletica Inc. Stock Is Getting Crushed Today Motley Fool - Mar 30, 2017 Shares of lululemon athletica Inc.  are taking a new position, one that's certainly in the downward category, after the company reported Q4 earnings and disappointing guidance.Oppenheimer Slices Price Target on Lululemon Athletica inc. ; Shares ... - Smarter AnalystLululemon Athletica Inc. Reveals 16% Gain In Q4 Earnings - Nasdaq"
p4
aS"Why Lululemon Athletica Inc.  Shouldn't Buy Under Armour Inc  Investorplace.com - Mar 23, 2017 Athleisure company Lululemon Athletica Inc.  captured the market's attention with a range of women's athletic wear that they were crazy about.What you need to know about the future of Lululemon Athletica Inc's (LULU ... - Simply Wall Stlululemon athletica inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 22 - Equities.com"
p5
aS"Lululemon Athletica  Appoints Glenn Murphy to Board StreetInsider.com - Apr 7, 2017 Lululemon Athletica inc.  today announces that Glenn Murphy, Founder and CEO of FIS Holdings, has been appointed to the company's Board of Directors as Co-Chairman, effective immediately."
p6
aS"Lululemon Athletica inc.'s  Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Sports Perspectives - 2 hours ago Lululemon Athletica inc. logo Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their hold rating on shares of Lululemon Athletica inc.1 Trend That Could Hurt lululemon athletica - Motley Fool"
p7
aS"Lululemon: Feeling The Strain Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2017 Lululemon's lowered guidance, combined with the trends of the whole sports apparel industry, indicate 2017 will likely be underwhelming for the stock."
p8
aS"Lululemon: Running Out Of Steam? Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Lululemon continues to grow in the market, but its margins are declining due to intense competition. We will look into Lululemon's product quality, customer loyalty and patented material to determine whether they represent sustainable competitive ..."
p9
aS'Winslow Asset Management Inc Buys Wyndham Worldwide, Lululemon Athletica, RPM ... Nasdaq - Apr 13, 2017 Winslow Asset Management Inc initiated holdings in Lululemon Athletica Inc. The purchase prices were between $50.76 and $69.9, with an estimated average price of $65.83.'
p10
a.