(lp0
S"Southwest Airlines Co-Pilot Arrested For Bringing Loaded Gun To Airport CBS DFW - 14 hours ago TSA officers detected the firearm among the Southwest co-pilot's carry-on items as he entered the airport checkpoint, the agency said in a news release.Co-pilot arrested at Albany airport for loaded gun - Albany Business ReviewSouthwest Pilot Arrested With Gun at New York Airport, TSA Says - Bloomberg"
p1
aS"Woman trolled airline on Twitter and their response was amazing Metro - Apr 12, 2017 'I am disappointed as I love Southwest Airlines.' After being asked to explain the incident further, Paige added: 'Basically, she only referred to me as 'fattie' and was being extremely rude.Man trolls Southwest Airlines with a hilarious fake complaint and he gets ... - The SunBritney Spears Fan Pranks Southwest Airlines, Receives the Perfect Response - Billboard"
p2
aS'Southwest Airlines Reports March Traffic PR Newswire  - Apr 7, 2017 DALLAS, April 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co.   today reported its March and first quarter preliminary traffic statistics.Southwest Airlines , Teamsters Announce Material Specialists Tentative ... - StreetInsider.comSouthwest Airlines Adds New Service In Sacramento, Long Beach, Seattle, San ... - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Southwest Airlines Cargo Adds To Trophy Case PR Newswire  - Apr 13, 2017 DALLAS, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co.  Cargo earned one of the highest awards in the air cargo industry.'
p4
aS'How Analysts See Southwest Airlines Co  Perform Over The Next Year? Simply Wall St - Apr 11, 2017 Southwest Airlines has outperformed the Transportation industry over the past year. The team behind Southwest Airlines appears to be doing a pretty good job over the last year with an Return on Equity of 28.4%, despite this being below the average for ...Southwest Airlines  March Traffic Grows, Stock Up - Zacks.comFranklin Resources Inc. Lowers Position in Southwest Airlines Co  - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'The Technicals For Southwest Airlines Co.  Tell An Interesting Tale NY Stock News - 15 hours ago The technicals for Southwest Airlines Co.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p6
aS'Southwest Airlines Co  Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.62 Per Share The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Southwest Airlines logo Brokerages expect Southwest Airlines Co  to report earnings of $0.62 per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports.Southwest Airlines Co. performed Poor with a change of -2.16% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverSouthwest Airlines Co  Stake Lowered by Raymond James Trust N.A. - Markets Daily'
p7
aS"Southwest Airlines Announces Several Leadership Promotions PR Newswire  - Mar 28, 2017 DALLAS, March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co.  announced today several Leadership promotions from within the Company's ranks."
p8
aS'Southwest Airlines Sues Vehicle Cos. Over Tarmac Crash Law360  - Mar 31, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Southwest Airlines sued a handful of companies Thursday over a vehicle that pushes airplanes back from jet bridges, saying their knowledge of an unintended-acceleration defect never reached&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Agree To Buy Southwest Airlines At $35, Earn 5.3% Using Options Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Southwest Airlines Co  stock, but tentative about paying the going market price of $53.54/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.'
p10
a.