(lp0
S'The Stifel Nicolaus Cuts Las Vegas Sands Corp.  Price Target to $65.00 Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 A number of other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. Aegis raised their target price on shares of Las Vegas Sands Corp. from $50.00 to $59.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Vetr cut ...'
p1
aS'The AMG National Trust Bank Has $3568000 Stake in Las Vegas Sands Corp.  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of LVS. Banced Corp boosted its position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. by 4.0% in the second quarter. Banced Corp now owns 7,394 shares of the casino&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'The Advisors Capital Management LLC Has $12789000 Position in Las Vegas Sands ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in LVS. Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC acquired a new stake in Las Vegas Sands Corp. during the second quarter worth about $119,000. Advisory Services Network LLC raised&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"What investors have to know about Las Vegas Sands Corp's  growth? Simply Wall St - 7 hours ago Analysts covering Las Vegas Sands Corp  are predicting the earnings to grow 18.4% in years' time. What should potential investors be aware of?Las Vegas Sands launches the Sands Cares Accelerator Program - Travel Daily News InternationalFew Things investors Didn't Know About: Las Vegas Sands Corp. , Discovery ... - StockNewsJournal"
p4
aS'Why Earnings Season Could Be Great for Las Vegas Sands  Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Las Vegas Sands Corp. LVS may be one such company.'
p5
aS'Better Buy: Las Vegas Sands Corp. vs. Vail Resorts Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2017 On the surface, Las Vegas Sands Corp.  and Vail Resorts  would seem to have little in common -- one is a casino giant and the other operates ski resorts.Analyst Activity  Wells Fargo &amp; Co Reiterates Neutral on Las Vegas Sands Corp ... - Market ExclusiveFavorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Better Buy: Las Vegas Sands Corp. vs. Wynn Resorts Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2017 Las Vegas Sands  and Wynn Resorts  are two of the biggest gaming companies in the world. Both have resorts in Las Vegas and Macau, with Las Vegas Sands adding a Singapore resort that was one of the biggest concession&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Interesting June Stock Options for LVS Nasdaq - 17 hours ago Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is Las Vegas Sands Corp . So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from ...'
p8
aS'Las Vegas Sands Launches the Sands Cares Accelerator Program with the Marty ... PR Newswire  - Apr 12, 2017 LAS VEGAS, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Las Vegas Sands Corp.  today announced introduction of the Sands Cares Accelerator Program, a community partnership endeavor that entrenches deeper investment in growing nonprofit&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Las Vegas Sands Corp. introduces Sands Cares Accelerator Program GamingTodaySlotsToday - Apr 13, 2017 Las Vegas Sands Corp.  has announced the introduction of the Sands Cares Accelerator Program, a community partnership endeavor in Southern Nevada that invests in growing nonprofit organizations that have the potential to more greatly impact the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.