(lp0
S"Lifeway Foods, Inc. Announces Results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 10, 2017 Lifeway Foods, Inc. , recently named one of Forbes' Best Small Companies, is America's leading supplier of the probiotic, fermented beverage known as kefir.Lifeway posts 4Q profit - Yahoo Finance"
p1
aS'Lifeway Foods Goes Greener, Transitioning Key Organic Product Lines to ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 23, 2017 MORTON GROVE, Ill., Feb. 23, 2017  -- Lifeway Foods, Inc.  announced today that the company will begin using green polyethylene, a material that is made of sugarcane, a renewable resource, for its Lifeway Organic&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Market Scanner: Tracking Shares of Lifeway Foods, Inc.  Baxter Review - 10 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for Lifeway Foods, Inc. . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled capital into ...Fmr LLC Lowers Position in Lifeway Foods, Inc.  - BNB Daily Zacks Investment Research Lowers Lifeway Foods, Inc.  to Sell - Chaffey Breeze'
p3
aS'Lifeway Foods Inc. LWAY  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Lifeway Foods Inc.LWAY. Significant News Only. 03/09/17; Press Release. Lifeway Launches &quot;Elixir&quot; Line of Non-Dairy Sparkling Organic Beverages, Showcases Kefir Cups Featuring Flippable Side Compartments and Probiotic Supplements for Health&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Lifeway Foods, Inc. : A Deep Dive into the Technicals Rockville Register - 19 hours ago The Piotroski F-Score of Lifeway Foods, Inc.  is 9. The Piotroski F-Score is a scoring system between 1-9 that determines a firm's financial strength."
p5
aS'Should You Expect Lifeway Foods Inc  To Deliver A Superior ROE To Its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 16, 2017 Lifeway Foods Inc  delivered a 7.1% ROE over the past year; however, the figure is only significant when we compare it to returns from assets with similar risk profile: the industry average, which stood at 35.95% in the same time period.'
p6
aS'Lifeway Foods, Inc. Appoints Jennifer Reilly as Senior Executive Vice ... GlobeNewswire  - May 2, 2016 MORTON GROVE, Ill., May 02, 2016  -- Lifeway Foods, Inc., , the leading U.S. supplier of kefir cultured dairy products, today announced the appointment of Jennifer Reilly as Senior Executive Vice President of Sales.'
p7
aS"Lifeway Foods Goes for the Gold with New Brand Ambassador Carli Lloyd GlobeNewswire  - Apr 20, 2016 MORTON GROVE, Ill., April 20, 2016  -- Lifeway Foods, Inc.  today announced the appointment of 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Champion Carli Lloyd to serve as brand ambassador for the company's kefir and other&nbsp;...Is Lifeway Foods As Good For Your Portfolio As It Is For Your Health? - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'BRIEF-Lifeway Foods Inc reports Q4 earnings per share $0.03 Reuters - Apr 6, 2017 NEW YORK, April 10 United Airlines sparked outrage on Monday for the treatment of a passenger who was physically dragged off a plane the airline had overbooked, and one of the security officers involved in the incident was placed on leave pending an&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Lifeway Foods Is A New Niche In Health Food Seeking Alpha  - Jan 30, 2015 Lifeway Foods, Inc.  is the largest and only publicly-traded manufacturer of kefir, a cultured milk product.'
p10
a.