(lp0
S'Market: The Teachers Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Lexmark International ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 Other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. GLG Partners LP purchased a new position in shares of Lexmark International during the second quarter worth about $45,202,000. Alpine Associates Management Inc.'
p1
aS'Why Lexmark International Inc. Shares Jumped Motley Fool - Apr 20, 2016 What: Shares of world leader in printing, imaging, and data solutions company Lexmark , jumped as much as 10.4% on Tuesday.Lexmark agrees to be acquired by Apex Technology and PAG Asia Capital - PR Newswire Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Lexmark International, Inc.  by Apex ... - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Lexmark International Inc. Stock Jumps as Buyout Looks Close Motley Fool - Sep 30, 2016 Shares of printing, imaging, and data solutions company Lexmark International  jumped as much as 13.9% on Friday, after a pending acquisition of the company, by a consortium of buyers led by Apex Technology and PAG Asia Capital, took a key&nbsp;...Lexmark International  Stock Rockets After CFIU Approves Takeover by Apex - InvestorGuideLexmark  Gets CFIUS Approval for Apex Tech Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p3
aS'Lexmark International is Oversold Forbes - Jul 14, 2016 But making Lexmark International, Inc. an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Tuesday, shares of LXK entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $34.41 per share.'
p4
aS"BREAKING: Lexmark sale complete; CEO Rooke replaced www.smileypete.com - Nov 29, 2016 Lexmark International Inc., the Lexington-based maker of printers and management software, announced Tuesday it had completed its sale to China-based Apex Technology and that its CEO of six years, Paul Rooke, is being replaced.Fitch Downgrades Lexmark to 'BB' on Acquisition Close; Outlook Negative - Business Wire "
p5
aS'Lexmark Quarterly Business Roundup PR Newswire  - Mar 3, 2016 Lexmark Budapest received the Corporate Social Responsibility award in the Sustainable Large Company category, which recognizes the most prominent responsible and sustainable initiatives, products, services and projects of companies operating in&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"High Court Looks at Consumer Impact in Ink Cartridge Case Bloomberg BNA - Mar 24, 2017 Impression Products Inc. appealed to the high court after a federal appeals court ruled that it was infringing patents by selling refilled printer cartridges originally manufactured by Lexmark International Inc. Impression got the cartridges from ...Printer cartridges may change your life, even if you don't have a printer - The American GeniusThe US Supreme Court Hears Oral Argument in Much Anticipated Patent Exhaustion ... - Lexology "
p7
aS'Lexmark cuts 320 software jobs; local toll unclear www.smileypete.com - Jan 10, 2017 Lexmark International, the Lexington-headquartered maker of printers recently purchased by a China-based consortium lead by Apex Technology, announced the elimination of 320 jobs in its software division.'
p8
aS'LEXMARK INTERNATIONAL, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or ... Market Exclusive - Nov 29, 2016 Lexmark International, Inc. is a developer, manufacturer and supplier of printing, imaging, device management, managed print services , document workflow, and business process and content management solutions.'
p9
aS'Lexmark Software Unit Said to Attract Thoma Bravo, Vista Bloomberg - Feb 17, 2016 Lexmark International Inc., the computer-printer maker working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to seek strategic alternatives, has attracted first-round bids from private equity firms Thoma Bravo and Vista Equity Partners for its software division ...'
p10
a.