(lp0
S'The Analysts Set Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Target Price at $9.06 Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 MACK has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Merrimack Pharmaceuticals from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $5.50 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, October 19th.'
p1
aS'Merrimack Appoints Daryl Drummond, Ph.D. as Head of Research PR Newswire  - 23 hours ago CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  today announced that Daryl Drummond, Ph.'
p2
aS'Merrimack Pharmaceuticals paying shareholders $140 million special dividend The Boston Globe - Apr 5, 2017 Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Cambridge biotech that sold off some of its drug development programs early this year, said Wednesday that its board has authorized a $140 million special dividend that will be paid to company stockowners next month.The Technical Chart For Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes - NY Stock NewsMERRIMACK PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  Files An 8-K Termination of a ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS'Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc  Announces New Head of Research FinancialsTrend - 42 minutes ago Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc  reported that Daryl Drummond, Ph.D. will serve as Head of Research for the company.'
p4
aS'Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc  Commences Operating as a New, Refocused ... Smarter Analyst - Apr 3, 2017 Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc  announced that it has commenced operating as a new, refocused research and clinical development company in connection with the completion today of its previously announced transaction with Ipsen S.A.'
p5
aS'Stock Update : Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc Stockholders Approve ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 30, 2017 Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in discovering, developing and preparing to commercialize innovative medicines consisting of novel therapeutics paired with diagnostics for the treatment of cancer.Merrimack Stockholders Approve Sale of ONIVYDE and Generic Version of DOXIL ... - PR Newswire Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Files An 8-K Submission of ... - Market Exclusive'
p6
aS"What Does The Chart For Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Tell Us Presently? NY Stock News - 17 hours ago Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p7
aS'Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Buys Shares of 45209 Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 17, 2017 Merrimack Pharmaceuticals logo Tudor Investment Corp Et Al acquired a new stake in Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Long Term Growth review of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  - The Newburgh PressDoes $3.11 justifies Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  shares? - TopChronicle'
p8
aS'Chart Revelations As Seen From Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  NY Stock News - Apr 7, 2017 The technicals for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus PTC ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus PTC Therapeutics Inc  .'
p10
a.