(lp0
S"Masimo Corporation Reports Solid Q4 With Growing Pulse Oximeter Sales Motley Fool - Feb 14, 2017 It's been a great 12 months for Masimo Corporation  shareholders. The maker of noninvasive-monitoring technologies saw its stock more than double during the period.Is Masimo Corporation's  Financial Health A Matter Of Concern? - Simply Wall StMasimo Corporation  Stock Down After Price Target Increase at Wedbush - The Ledger Gazette"
p1
aS'Masimo: Hot Shares Need To Cool Off Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Koninklijke Philips N.V. PHIA said Monday it and Masimo Corp. MASI, +0.20% have signed a multi-year partnership agreement in patient monitoring and select therapy solutions, and agreed to end all pending lawsuits between them.Checking the Overall Picture for Masimo Corporation  - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS'Equity Sheet: Reviewing the Numbers for Masimo Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 4 hours ago Masimo Corporation  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 4696949. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p3
aS"Masimo  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Masimo's 2016 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. The company's press release is available at www."
p4
aS"Masimo Corporation  Short Interest &amp; Technical Update Midway Monitor - 12 hours ago According to the latest data, investors are looking at Masimo Corporation 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p5
aS'Highlighting Recommendations on Masimo Corporation  The Herald - Apr 15, 2017 Investors have the option to track analyst projections in order to help piece together valuable information. Out of the 4 covering Wall Street analysts providing share ratings for Masimo Corporation , 2 have rated the stock as a Strong Buy ...'
p6
aS'Masimo Corporation : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - Apr 4, 2017 Masimo Corporation  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Medical Appliances &amp; Equipment.Masimo Corp.  PT Raised to $100 at Wedbush Following CDC Flu Data - StreetInsider.comWedbush Just Issued Outperform Rating on Masimo Corporation  - Highland Mirror'
p7
aS'Masimo  Launches Root Platform with Kite Trademark Yahoo Finance - Apr 11, 2017 Irvine, CA-based Masimo Corporation MASI announced full market release of the Root monitoring platform with a Kite trademark .$0.00 EPS Expected for Natural Health Trends Corp. ; Masimo (MASI ... - HuronReportPiper Jaffray Companies Lowers Masimo Co.  to Neutral - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'Earnings Growth Research: Masimo Corporation , Select Medical Holdings ... USA Commerce Daily - Apr 16, 2017 Shares of Masimo Corporation  are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 121.28% since bottoming out at $41.83 on Apr. 29, 2016.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Masimo Corporation  is Beating Inogen Inc (NASDAQ ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Inogen Inc  versus Masimo Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Masimo Corporation   Brokers Update Their Views - NewsDen'
p10
a.