(lp0
S"Angela Russell's mission: Creating healthy communities Channel3000.com - WISC-TV3 - 4 hours ago I didn't see how working for a corporation would help achieve those goals. ... That move allowed me to see how financial success is an integral part of creating a healthy community. It is well ... Similarly, it is also well known that the prosperity ..."
p1
aS'Schneiderman announces $540k settlement with retailer for defrauding more than ... Madison County Courier - Mar 30, 2017 Rome Finance Company : Attorney General Schneiderman led a coalition of states and the federal Consumer Financial Protection Board to a national resolution which shut down Rome Finance, eliminated 92 million dollars of debt relief to&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'CNY Citizens join in Utica Rally on Tax Day Madison County Courier - Apr 16, 2017 On Saturday, April 15, 80 local citizens gathered in New Hartford to demand that President Donald Trump release his tax returns. The New Hartford  Tax March is one of 193 marches taking place across the country on April 15 to demand&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Madison Co. commissioners meet to talk investment options WBBJ-TV - Apr 12, 2017 ... of the Madison County Commission's Financial Management Committee met Wednesday morning to learn the best ways to invest a proposed $60 million to get the best return for taxpayers."
p4
aS'New program launched at Canastota Library Madison County Courier - Apr 8, 2017 We do a lot of financial education in school classrooms, but these afterschool library programs are really fun, and they complement what the kids are learning at school, said Douglass.'
p5
aS'Tenney raises $275000 in first three months of first year Madison County Courier - Apr 16, 2017 Despite the financial disparity, Tenney still achieved decisive victories in both elections. That grassroots support, coupled with strong early fundraising, should serve as a deterrent to potential 2018 challengers.'
p6
aS'Four make history, first female mayors in Madison, Macoupin, St. Louis Counties Alton Telegraph - Apr 9, 2017 Wood River and South Roxana in Madison County, Bunker Hill of Macoupin County and St. Louis City are all to see new sitting mayors.'
p7
aS'Pritzker says state needs progressive tax structure The State Journal-Register - 10 hours ago J.B. Pritzker, a Democratic candidate for governor from Chicago, said in Springfield Monday that a progressive tax system is ultimately needed to pay for state services in Illinois.'
p8
aS'Are you spring cleaning your finances? Madison County Courier - Apr 2, 2017 Spring is right around the corner in Madison County, and while some people use the fresh air as a reminder to clean out their closets and drawers, many forget that it is equally important to take a look at finances.'
p9
aS'In the Tennessee Delta, a poor community loses its hospital, sense of security Columbia Daily Herald - Apr 16, 2017 BROWNSVILLE - This town of the Tennessee Delta, seat of a county that once grew the most cotton east of the Mississippi, relied for decades on a little public hospital built during the Great Depression a few blocks from the courthouse square ...'
p10
a.