(lp0
S"The Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Maintains Stake in McDonald's ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of McDonald's Corporation by 0.3% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"McDonald's Mobile &amp; Pay to Launch in All Stores Before Competitors Investorplace.com - 17 hours ago If McDonald's Corporation does succeed in bring mobile ordering and pay to all of its U.S. stores, it will give it a major advantage over its rivals.McDonald's Corporation  Shooting Higher to New Recent High - Aiken AdvocateRunning Mover to Focus: McDonald's Corporation's  stock price is Worth at ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p2
aS"Is McDonald's Corporation's Financial Model Working? Motley Fool - Mar 23, 2017 In the first article of this two-part series, we analyzed McDonald's Corporation's  plan for &quot;long-term global growth&quot; from a strategic perspective.Analyst provided some recent clues on McDonald's Corporation  and Zions ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p3
aS"The Markets Are Undervaluing these stock's: McDonald's Corporation (MCD ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago McDonald's Corporation  market capitalization at present is $107.09B at the rate of $130.76 a share. The firm's price-to-sales ratio was noted 4.34 in contrast with an overall industry average of 2.11.McDonald's Corporation : A look inside the numbers - TCT"
p4
aS"McDonald's Corporation  Stock CAN Be Reheated! Investorplace.com - Apr 4, 2017 Shares of burger giant McDonald's Corporation , while higher for about 6% year-to-date, has largely flatlined over the past four weeks.McDonald's Corporation Could Face A Massive EU Tax Bill Soon - StockNews.com McDonald's Corporation  Careers Website Hacked, Job Applicant's ... - Market Exclusive"
p5
aS"Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: McDonald's Corporation Implied Price ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that McDonald's Corporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now."
p6
aS"They're not lovin' it: LA school resolution would ban McDonald's school ... Los Angeles Times - 6 hours ago McDonald's did not provide a response, but in a previously published statement said its participation in fundraisers reflects genuine bonds between local restaurants, their customers and schools."
p7
aS"McDonald's Corporation  to Expand 'Fresh Beef' Tests Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 It is clear that McDonald's means well as having fresher patties will result in tastier, juicier meat of a higher quality that will appeal to millions."
p8
aS"McDonald's Is Getting Fresh With Its Beef Seeking Alpha - Apr 2, 2017 McDonald's  is stepping up its game by introducing fresh beef as opposed to the current use of frozen patties. This is just one of many initiatives that the company is implementing to drive sales for the long-term.Fresh Vs. Frozen: Wendy's And McDonald's Battle It Out - Here And Now"
p9
aS"Shares Bouncing Above The Trend Line: McDonald's Corporation  The Herald - 19 hours ago McDonald's Corporation ' stock is holding above their moving averages, indicating a postitive uptrend for Services company."
p10
a.