(lp0
S"Why Medical Action Industries Inc. Shares Skyrocketed Motley Fool - Jun 25, 2014 So what: Under the terms of the deal, which values Medical Action Industries at $208 million net of cash, Owens &amp; Minor will pay $13.80 per share in cash that'll be financed by cash on hand as well as its borrowing power available under a revolving ...Owens &amp; Minor to Acquire Medical Action Industries, a Leading Provider of ... - GlobeNewswire Why Medical Action Industries  Stock Is SUrging Today - TheStreet.com"
p1
aS'Medical Action Industries agrees to $208M buyout offer from Owens &amp; Minor Newsday - Jun 25, 2014 Medical Action Industries Inc., a Brentwood-based maker of burn dressings, surgical marking pens and hats for newborns, has agreed to a $208 million buyout by its largest customer, Owens &amp; Minor Inc., the companies announced Wednesday.'
p2
aS"Medical Action Industries sells Medegen unit to Inteplast for $75M Mass Device - Mar 13, 2014 Medical Action Industries  said it inked a deal with Inteplast Group's Medira Inc. to sell its Medegen Medical Products subsidiary for $75 million.Medical Action Industries to Sell Medegen and Certain Other Assets of Its ... - GlobeNewswire "
p3
aS'Medical Action Industries Inc. Completes Acquisition of AVID Medical, Inc. Business Wire  - Aug 27, 2010 BRENTWOOD, N.Y.----Medical Action Industries Inc.  announced the acquisition of AVID Medical, Inc., a leading provider of custom procedure trays serving the healthcare industry.'
p4
aS'Medical Action Industries Announces President and Chief Operating Officer GlobeNewswire  - May 28, 2013 BRENTWOOD, N.Y., May 28, 2013  -- Medical Action Industries Inc. , a leading supplier of medical and disposable surgical products, today announced the appointment of Paul Chapman as its new President and Chief&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Acquisition adds to Inteplast's stake in medical disposables Plastics News - Jun 13, 2014 Inteplast affiliate Medira Inc. completed the acquisition of Medegen Medical Products LLC on June 2, according to a news release issued by Medegen's former owner, Medical Action Industries Inc. of Brentwood, N.Y. Medira paid about $78.6 million for&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Owens &amp; Minor Seals Medical Action Acquisition; Shares Fall Zacks.com - Oct 8, 2014 Shares of healthcare logistics company Owens &amp; Minor Inc.  fell approximately 2.4% following the completion of its previously announced acquisition of Medical Action Industries . Based in the U.S., Medical Action is a ...'
p7
aS'Medical supply maker to close Brentwood HQ, affecting 51 workers Newsday - Oct 6, 2014 Medical Action Industries Inc., a Brentwood-based manufacturer of surgical procedure kits, will close its Long Island headquarters, affecting 51 employees, according to a notice filed with the state last Wednesday.'
p8
aS'Procedure Trays Market: By Product Type, End Users &amp; Region - Global Forecast ... Business Wire  - Feb 9, 2017 A Procedure Tray, Custom Procedure Tray, or CPT, can be defined as a pre-packaged set of medical devices, designed to provide all the disposable items required for a surgical intervention and presented in a single sterile pack.'
p9
aS"New Report by National Families in Action Rips the Veil Off the Medical ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 14, 2017 Tracking the Money That's Legalizing Marijuana and Why It Matters documents state-by-state financial data, exposing the groups and the amount of money used either to fund or oppose ballot initiatives legalizing medical or recreational marijuana in 16 U ..."
p10
a.