(lp0
S"Hot Stock Overview: The Medicines Company  HugoPress - 20 hours ago H.C. Wainwright Initiates Coverage On The Medicines Company 's stock to Buy with the price target of $57. This rating was issued on 12/05/16.Guggenheim Capital LLC Cuts Stake in The Medicines Company  - Sports PerspectivesThe Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for The Medicines Company  - Petro Global News 24"
p1
aS'The Medicines Company to Present Data at ECCMID 2017 on Infectious Disease ... Business Wire  - 23 hours ago PARSIPPANY, N.J.----The Medicines Company  today announced that data from its portfolio of antimicrobial products and late-stage product candidates will be featured in presentations at the 27th Annual European&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'The Medicines Company to Announce First-Quarter 2017 Financial Results on ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 12, 2017 The Medicines Company is a biopharmaceutical company driven by an overriding purpose - to save lives, alleviate suffering and contribute to the economics of healthcare.The Dirty Secret to Trading The Medicines Company , Yandex N.V.  - USA Commerce DailyThe Medicines Company  Given Buy Rating at HC Wainwright - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'The Medicines Company to Present at Needham Healthcare Conference Yahoo Finance - Mar 30, 2017 The Medicines Company is a biopharmaceutical company driven by an overriding purpose - to save lives, alleviate suffering and contribute to the economics of healthcare.'
p4
aS"The Medicines Company Appoints Paris Panayiotopoulos to Its Board of Directors Yahoo Finance - Mar 31, 2017 The Medicines Company  today announced that it has appointed Paris Panayiotopoulos to its Board of Directors. Mr. Panayiotopoulos, who will serve as a Class I director, will stand for election at the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders."
p5
aS'What The Medicines Company  And Its Chart Reveal Today NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 The technicals for The Medicines Company  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p6
aS"The Medicines Company strengthens board of directors PMLiVE - Apr 3, 2017 The Medicines Company has appointed Paris Panayiotopoulos to serve as a director and he's set to stand for election at the company's 2017 annual meeting of stockholders."
p7
aS'Stock Returns: The Medicines Company  is Beating Catalent Inc ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Catalent Inc  versus The Medicines Company  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Inspecting more closely technicals of The Medicines Company  USA Commerce Daily - 15 hours ago With all other things going on, The Medicines Company  has been on a run - rising 48.79 percent in just three months.'
p9
aS"The Medicines Company v. Mylan, Inc.  JD Supra  - Apr 10, 2017 The Federal Circuit returned to its consideration of the outcome in the District Court of The Medicines Company's ANDA litigation against Mylan and Bioniche Pharma over a proposed generic version of Medicines' bivalirudin drug ,&nbsp;..."
p10
a.