(lp0
S"Medtronic Plc Ordinary Shares  To Incorporate Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ ... Market Exclusive - Apr 15, 2017 Medtronic Plc Ordinary Shares  will integrate the Garmin Ltd. 's activity tracker data device straight into the Medtronic Care Management Services'  secluded patient examination podium.Stock Market Update- Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares , Jabil Circuit ... - Wall Street Times "
p1
aS'Medtronic Leaves Guidance Unchanged As Q3 Earnings Beat Expectations StockNews.com  - Feb 21, 2017 Medtronic plc  early Tuesday posted better than expected fiscal third quarter earnings results and reaffirmed its guidance for the full year.Medtronic Plc  Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS"Investor's Alert: ENSCO PLC , Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares (NYSE ... Wall Street Times  - 21 hours ago To gauge your chances of picking a winning stock, take a close look at its fundamentals, especially its earnings-per-share growth."
p3
aS'Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  Encourages Runners To Register For ... Market Exclusive - Apr 13, 2017 Those who wish to participate in the 2017 Medtronic Global Champions team can start sending in their applications. Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  says that the new program will enroll up to 20 people and an additional representation from ...'
p4
aS'CRT Devices From Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  Found To Be Cost ... Market Exclusive - Feb 28, 2017 An economic analysis study done by Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  has revealed that Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy devices enable heart failure patients to extend their lifespan.'
p5
aS'Coverage For Medtronic plc Ordinary Shares  Micra Approved By ... Market Exclusive - Mar 13, 2017 The Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services  has granted approval to the Micra Transcatheter pacemaker  that is manufactured by Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares . This was done after two studies were conducted and which&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  Corevalve Evolut PRO System Wins FDA ... Market Exclusive - Mar 23, 2017 The CoreValve Evolut Pro, a device developed by Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  to treat patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis and who are too frail to undergo open-heart surgery.'
p7
aS'Transcatheter Device By Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  Gets FDA Nod Market Exclusive - Mar 17, 2017 The Melody Transcatheter Pulmonary Valve that has been developed by Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  has been approved by the U.S.'
p8
aS"Big Movers in the Stock Market- Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares , SM ... Wall Street Times  - Apr 7, 2017 Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  traded at a yearly high level of $89.27 during the last trading session. The last session's volume of 3.93 million shares was lower than its average volume of 4.29 million shares."
p9
aS"Scorching Hot Stocks Tape- Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares (NYSE:MDT ... Wall Street Times  - Apr 13, 2017 Medtronic plc. Ordinary Shares  traded at a yearly high level of $89.27 during the last trading session. The last session's volume of 3.55 million shares was lower than its average volume of 4.14 million shares."
p10
a.