(lp0
S"Better Buy: Medivation, Inc. vs. Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Motley Fool - Jul 12, 2016 Medivation  attempted to jump-start a bidding war after rejecting Sanofi's  second acquisition offer."
p1
aS"Medivation Inc. Stock Is Rising Today -- Here's Why Motley Fool - Feb 26, 2016 What: Shares of Medivation  were up more than 10% as of 3:00 p.m. ET after the cancer-focused biopharmaceutical company reported its fourth-quarter earnings."
p2
aS"Pfizer to Buy Medivation for $14 Billion Wall Street Journal - Aug 22, 2016 Pfizer Inc. said Monday that it had agreed to buy biotech Medivation Inc. for about $14 billion, in a move that adds one of the crown jewels of the multibillion-dollar market for cancer drugs to Pfizer's portfolio.Pfizer Said Close to $14 Billion Deal to Acquire Medivation - Bloomberg"
p3
aS'Better Buy Now: Medivation Inc vs Jazz Pharmaceuticals Motley Fool - Oct 24, 2015 Investors in biotech stocks Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC  and Medivation  must be smiling from ear to ear, as each of these companies has been a monster winner for long-term investors.'
p4
aS"Why Speculation Has Medivation Inc.'s Shares Soaring 20% Today Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2016 This price scrutiny, however, isn't derailing optimism that Medivation's recent stock slide may make it more attractive to potential acquirers.Jennifer Jarrett to Join Medivation as Chief Financial Officer - Marketwired Medivation working with JPMorgan on takeover approaches: sources - Reuters"
p5
aS'Medivation: A Value In Biotech Seeking Alpha - Aug 18, 2016 Medivation  is just such a company which is misunderstood by the market. It is a highly de-risked biotech with a commercialized, blockbuster drug  already providing significant financial resources for the&nbsp;...How Much Medivation Can Really Fetch in a Buyout - 24/7 Wall St.Medivation Inc : Excellent Opportunity to Get Best Price for its ... - TCC'
p6
aS"J&amp;J's Q1 Results Suggest More Upside for Medivation, Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 27, 2016 The loss of market share in this high-profile market suggests that Medivation  and Astellas Pharma's  Xtandi continues to gain ground, and that could mean that Medivation is worth more than it was three months ago."
p7
aS"Medivation Drops 12% After Congress Asks To Examine Xtandi Drug Price Benzinga - Mar 29, 2016 Shares of Medivation Inc  were trading lower by more than 6 percent heading into Tuesday's market open as the company's drug pricing have come under scrutiny by the U.S.Makers of pricey prostate cancer drug Xtandi are targeted by Congress - Los Angeles TimesMedivation Prostate Cancer Drug Xtandi under Pricing Attack - Zacks.com"
p8
aS'Tesla Motors Inc. and Medivation Inc. Jump as Stocks Fall Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2016 Medivation spiked 23% higher on heavy trading volume after Bloomberg reported that the biopharmaceutical company has been approached by several potential buyers.'
p9
aS"Exclusive: Medivation succumbs to pressure to explore sale - sources Reuters - May 9, 2016 U.S. cancer drug maker Medivation Inc has decided to explore a sale following a $9.3 billion acquisition offer from France's Sanofi SA and interest from other companies, people familiar with the matter said on Monday.Why Did Medivation's Share Price Increase so Much after Earnings? - Market RealistMedivation Reportedly Yielding To Buyer Interest; Stock Surges - Investor's Business Daily"
p10
a.