(lp0
S'Meet Group Inc  Receives $8.70 Average Target Price from Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 8 hours ago Meet Group logo Meet Group Inc  has received an average rating of Buy from the six ratings firms that are currently covering the firm.Analysts Expect Meet Group Inc  to Announce $0.05 EPS - Community Financial News'
p1
aS'MeetMe Completes If Buyout, Rebrands to The Meet Group Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 MeetMe Inc. MEET recently announced that it has completed the acquisition of If Inc., the parent company of Tagged and hi5. The company also changed its name from MeetMe to The Meet Group Inc., effective Apr 3, 2017. We note that the acquisition ...'
p2
aS"2 Things That Could Bring Down The Meet Group Motley Fool - Apr 12, 2017 On the heels of The Meet Group's  recent rebranding from MeetMe, it's worth taking a look at what might cause this growing social-media company -- now with four brands under its umbrella -- to stumble. The company is clearly a much&nbsp;...Meet Group Inc  Receives $8.70 Average Price Target from Analysts - The Cerbat GemMeet Group Inc  Research Coverage Started at Canaccord Genuity - Chaffey Breeze"
p3
aS'Market View: Checking on the Technicals for The Meet Group, Inc.  Searcy News - 9 hours ago Tracking shares of The Meet Group, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 356170. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.'
p4
aS"MeetMe Announces Closing of if Acquisition and Rebrands to The Meet Group Business Wire  - Apr 3, 2017 To better encapsulate the company's mission to innovate, acquire, and build the largest mobile portfolio of brands for meeting new people, MeetMe, Inc. has also changed its name to The Meet Group, Inc., effective today. Moving forward, The Meet Group ..."
p5
aS'Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $392000 in Meet Group Inc  BNB Daily  - Apr 14, 2017 Meet Group logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in Meet Group Inc  during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Brokerages Expect Meet Group Inc  to Post $0.05 EPS - Markets Daily'
p6
aS'Meet Group Inc  Now Covered by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity The Cerbat Gem - Apr 11, 2017 Meet Group logo Investment analysts at Canaccord Genuity began coverage on shares of Meet Group Inc  in a note issued to investors on Monday.Roth Capital Analysts Give Meet Group Inc  a $9.00 Price Target - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Meet Group Inc  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results The Cerbat Gem - Mar 27, 2017 Meet Group logo Meet Group Inc  issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday. The company reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.02.'
p8
aS"Is Renewable Energy Group Inc's  Balance Sheet Strong Enough To Weather ... Simply Wall St - 12 hours ago However, banks, creditors, wages, and commitment to suppliers do not go away even during an extreme event. So, a company must maintain enough liquidity to meet its short-term obligations to survive. Renewable Energy Group is able to meet its short term&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $20.043 Million Position in Meet Group Inc  Community Financial News - Apr 13, 2017 Meet Group logo Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Meet Group Inc  by 40.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.'
p10
a.