(lp0
S'MTI of Albany passes poison pill stock plan Albany Times Union - Oct 11, 2016 Mechanical Technology Inc. has put in place a poison pill stock plan in an attempt to protect $51 million in tax benefits that may be at risk from an activist shareholder.'
p1
aS'Norsat announces receipt of unsolicited, non-binding proposal from Privet Fund ... Ottawa Citizen - 21 hours ago VANCOUVER, April 17, 2017 /CNW/ - Norsat International Inc.  , a provider of unique and customized communication solutions for remote and challenging applications, today announced that further to ...'
p2
aS'RFMW Ltd., and Akoustis Technologies, Inc. Announce Distribution Agreement GlobeNewswire  - Aug 1, 2016 Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , is a manufacturer of innovative BulkONE bulk acoustic wave  high band RF filters for mobile wireless and general purpose RF catalog components. RFMW Ltd. is a specialized distributor ...'
p3
aS'Integrated Microwave Technologies  Launches DragonFly Ultra-Miniature ... PR Newswire  - Feb 1, 2017 HACKETTSTOWN, N.J., Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Integrated Microwave Technologies , a business unit of xG Technology, Inc.  , and a leader in advanced digital microwave systems serving the law enforcement,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Akoustis Produces World's First Single-Crystal BAW RF Filters GlobeNewswire  - Jul 25, 2016 Charlotte, N.C., July 25, 2016  -- Akoustis Technologies, Inc.  , an innovator of high performance, single-crystal piezoelectric materials and bulk acoustic wave  resonators for mobile ..."
p5
aS'This Artist Fixes Sidewalk Cracks With 23.5-Carat Gold Dust Co.Design  - Feb 28, 2017 Her project The Oldest Living Things in the World is a collection of photographs of the most ancient organisms that are still alive today, while her most current project is a sand mandala depicting the cosmic microwave backgroundan image of the ...'
p6
aS'Analysis &amp; Forecasts of the $5.3 Billion Superconductors Industry ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 9, 2017 Technology - End Uses - Suppliers - Markets For Superconducting 14: Superconducting Radio Frequency  And Microwave Filter Technologies And Applications - Technology ... General Electric Co. - Gridon - Hitachi Ltd. - HTS-110 Ltd. - Hyper Tech ...'
p7
aS'AngioDynamics Microwave Tissue Ablation System Now CE Marked Zacks.com - Mar 15, 2017 Headquartered in Latham, NY, AngioDynamics Inc.  , a leading provider of minimally invasive medical devices, recently announced the receipt of CE mark for Solero Microwave Tissue Ablation  System. The MTA System has been&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Microphase IPO May Be A 5G Wireless Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Oct 17, 2016 Microphase Corporation is a provider of military microwave and RF  technology and wants to raise up to $12.25 million in its IPO.'
p9
aS'The Real Difference Between Google And Apple Co.Design  - Feb 24, 2017 And to get a real picture of how this plays out organizationally, the Portland-based data visualization studio Periscopic created a series of visualizations custom for Co.Design, which compares innovation signatures charting the last 10 years of ...'
p10
a.