(lp0
S'Norges Bank Takes Position in Magellan Health Inc  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 16, 2017 Magellan Health logo Norges Bank bought a new stake in Magellan Health Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.Magellan Health Inc  Shares Sold by Alpha Windward LLC - Markets DailyMagellan Health Inc  Receives Consensus Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; from ... - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS"Is Magellan Health Inc's  future growth already accounted for in its ... Simply Wall St - Apr 8, 2017 Growth expectations for Magellan Health Inc  are high, but many investors are starting to ask whether its last close at $67.1 can still be rationalized by the future potential.Magellan Health Inc  Position Boosted by State Street Corp - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS"Magellan Health Selected as One of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired ... Business Wire  - Feb 20, 2017 SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.----Magellan Health, Inc.  today announced that it has been selected as one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies.Scottsdale-based Magellan Health ranked among Fortune's most admired companies - KTAR.com"
p3
aS'Magellan Health Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 Magellan Health, Inc.  today announced that it will report its earnings for the first quarter ended on March 31, 2017 at approximately 6:30 a.m.Magellan Health Inc  Receives $78.33 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS'Magellan Health Inc  Receives $78.33 Average Price Target from Brokerages BBNS - 5 hours ago Magellan Health logo Shares of Magellan Health Inc  have been assigned a consensus rating of Hold from the six brokerages that are currently covering the stock.The Clark Capital Management Group Inc. Purchases New Stake in Magellan Health ... - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS'Decision Time: Magellan Health Inc  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - 21 hours ago Decision Time: Magellan Health Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p6
aS'Magellan Health to Expand Experience in Special Population Management with the ... Business Wire  - May 16, 2016 SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.----Magellan Health, Inc. , a leader in complex care and special population management, today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Armed Forces Services Corporation ,&nbsp;...Magellan Health To Acquire Armed Forces Services Corporation for $117.5M - HIT Consultant'
p7
aS'Should Value Investors Consider Magellan Health Stock? Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 Though Magellan Health might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p8
aS"5 Reasons to Buy Magellan Health  Stock Right Now Zacks.com - Jan 16, 2017 Share Price Movement: Magellan Health's shares have gained around 4.65% year to date compared with 1.43% gain logged by the Zacks categorized Medical-HMO industry."
p9
aS'Brokerages Expect Magellan Health Inc  to Post $0.72 Earnings Per Share The Cerbat Gem - Apr 13, 2017 Magellan Health logo Wall Street analysts forecast that Magellan Health Inc  will announce $0.72 earnings per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports.Credit Agricole S A Invests $151000 in Magellan Health Inc  - Community Financial NewsGSA Capital Partners LLP Sells 35630 Shares of Magellan Health Inc  - BBNS'
p10
a.