(lp0
S"MGM Resorts International Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date PR Newswire  - Apr 6, 2017 LAS VEGAS, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MGM Resorts International  will release the Company's financial results for the first quarter 2017 before the market opens on Thursday, April 27, 2017.MGM Resorts International surged in the Previous Trading Session with the ... - Free ObserverJust the Facts on MGM Resorts International  - StockNewsJournal"
p1
aS"Wolfe Research Reiterates &quot;Outperform&quot; Rating for MGM Resorts International  The Cerbat Gem - 2 hours ago MGM Resorts International logo Wolfe Research reaffirmed their outperform rating on shares of MGM Resorts International  in a research report report published on Tuesday. MGM has been the topic of several other research reports.MGM Resorts International  Price Target Cut to $31.00 - Sports PerspectivesWhat are Analyst's Indicators for MGM Resorts International , Comerica ... - The USA Commerce"
p2
aS'wasl Asset Management Group Selects MGM Resorts International To Advise And ... PR Newswire  - Mar 20, 2017 Hesham Al Qassim, CEO of wasl Asset Management Group commented: &quot;wasl is proud to be working in partnership with such an internationally acclaimed hotel and resort operator; it is a major milestone and we are very excited to be bringing MGM Resorts&nbsp;...MGM and Bellagio hotels to be built at new resort site in Dubai - The NationalMost Recent Update on Price Move: MGM Resorts International  - Is stories'
p3
aS'MGM Resorts Appoints Aaron Fischer Chief Strategy Officer Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 LAS VEGAS, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MGM Resorts International  today announced the appointment of Aaron Fischer as chief strategy officer.MGM Resorts Joins World Observance of Earth Hour 2017 - PR Newswire MGM Resorts wins with Facebook video - Warc'
p4
aS'Allied Esports y Esports Arena se unen a MGM Resorts International para crear ... PR Newswire  - Apr 11, 2017 LAS VEGAS, 11 de abril de 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Allied Esports, la red lder mundial de salas de esports, y Esports Arena anunciaron planes para una nueva sala de esports dedicada que se desarrollar en Luxor Hotel and Casino.'
p5
aS'Stock Update on Earnings &amp; Estimates for MGM Resorts International  Aiken Advocate - 15 hours ago MGM Resorts International  has a current consensus EPS estimate for the quarter of $0.26 based on Street analyst predictions.'
p6
aS"Tribes, MGM Resorts, pitch lawmakers CT Post - 15 hours ago HARTFORD - The public-relations war between Connecticut's two tribes and MGM Resorts International spilled over into a major legislative committee Monday as each defended their turf.MGM interested in building casino in CT; Would require law to change - wwlp.comTribes, MGM battle over who should open 3rd casino - Norwich Bulletin"
p7
aS'Latest figures makes these Stock Even More Attractive: MGM Resorts ... StockNewsJournal - 21 hours ago MGM Resorts International  closed at $27.19 a share in the latest session and the stock value rose almost -5.28% since the beginning of this year.'
p8
aS'The Technical Chart MGM Resorts International  Is Speaking Volumes NY Stock News - Apr 10, 2017 The technicals for MGM Resorts International  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p9
aS'CityCenter Holdings, LLC Announces Launch Of $1725 Million Refinancing Of ... PR Newswire  - Apr 3, 2017 LAS VEGAS, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CityCenter Holdings, LLC , a venture between MGM Resorts International  and Infinity World Development Corp, today announced that it has launched a syndication of a new $1,600&nbsp;...'
p10
a.