(lp0
S"SBE Entertainment to Buy Morgans Hotel Group for $82 Million Skift - May 9, 2016 After a lengthy battle that already included one failed attempt, Sam Nazarian's privately owned SBE Entertainment Group, which includes the SLS Hotels brand, has finally won its bid to acquire New York-based Morgans Hotel Group Co. for $82 million ...Morgans Hotel Agrees to $794 Million Purchase by Nazarian's SBE - BloombergMorgans Hotel Group: New Home For Its Hotels, Execution Risk Grossly Mispriced - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'SBE Entertainment Concludes Morgans Hotel Acquisition Wall Street Journal - Dec 1, 2016 SBE Entertainment Group completed its acquisition of Morgans Hotel Group Co. on Wednesday, bringing together two boutique hotel operators in a deal with an enterprise value of $805 million.SBE Finally Completes Its Purchase of Morgans Hotels - Skift'
p2
aS"Merger Talks Between Morgans Hotel Group and SBE End Without Deal Wall Street Journal - Nov 4, 2015 Advanced merger discussions between Morgans Hotel Group Co. and hotelier Sam Nazarian's SBE Entertainment Group have collapsed following months of negotiations, said people close to the process, after two longtime rivals at Morgans clashed over&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Sam Nazarian in Talks to Merge His Company With Morgans Hotel Group Wall Street Journal - Aug 6, 2015 Los Angeles hotelier Sam Nazarian is in advanced talks to combine his company with Morgans Hotel Group Co., a deal that would bring together some of the industry's most stylish brands.Morgans Hotel Group Said to Be Close to a Merger With SBE - Bloomberg"
p4
aS"13 Reasons Why Morgans Hotel Group Was Desperately Seeking a Suitor Skift - Jun 23, 2016 The company desperately needed to be bought. Perhaps the most interesting information gleaned from the filings, however, comes in the form of two different financial analyses conducted by Morgan Stanley, Morgans Hotel Group's long-time financial advisor."
p5
aS"Is Morgans Hotel Group's Merger Deal in Jeopardy? Skift - Aug 10, 2016 Morgans Hotel Group reported its second quarter results, and they're not pretty. The company reported earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization of $11.2 million for the quarter that ended June 30, an 11.4 percent decrease from the ..."
p6
aS'Morgans Hotel Shareholders Approve Sale of Company to SBE Entertainment Wall Street Journal - Sep 29, 2016 Shareholders of Morgans Hotel Group Inc. approved this week a sale to SBE Entertainment Group, SBE officials said, in a deal with a total enterprise value of about $800 million.Morgans Hotel Group shareholders OK purchase by SBE - The Real Deal Magazine'
p7
aS"Morgans Hotel Group Receives Unsolicited Takeover Bid Skift - Sep 14, 2016 Is any hotel merger or acquisition ever simple, or swift? In this case, most definitely not. Given the board members' often contentious history with each other and the company's direction, it's anyone's guess as to whether this new offer from Bidder V ...Morgans Hotel Group  Receives Revised Takeover Offer at $2.75/Share - StreetInsider.comMystery bidder takes on Ron Burkle over Morgans Hotel Group - The Real Deal Magazine"
p8
aS'Morgans Hotel Group Eliminates Around One-Third of Corporate Staff Wall Street Journal - Mar 10, 2014 Morgans Hotel Group Co. eliminated at least one-third of its corporate staff Monday, a purging from a company that had indicated an intention to reduce costs, according to people close to the company.'
p9
aS"SBE's Morgans Hotel Acquisition May Not Happen After All  Again Skift - Nov 9, 2016 SBE and its partners, Yucaipa Hospitality Investments, LLC and Cain Hoy Enterprises, L.P, and the Company have finalized the terms of an assumption of the guarantee relating to the Hudson/Delano mortgage debt, and the mortgage guarantee assumption&nbsp;..."
p10
a.