(lp0
S"Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc. Comments On A, Exceptional, Financial ... PR Newswire  - Jan 27, 2017 SOUTHFIELD, Mich., Jan. 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- On December 2, 2016, Demotech, Inc. affirmed the Financial Stability Ratings  of A, Exceptional, earned by Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc.'s insurance subsidiaries. This level of FSR reflects&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Fosun Completes Acquisition of Meadowbrook Insurance Group PR Newswire  - Jul 8, 2015 HONG KONG and SOUTHFIELD, Mich., July 7, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Fosun International Limited  and Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc.   today&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc. Acquires Mackinaw Administrators PR Newswire  - Aug 19, 2015 Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc., based in Southfield, Michigan, is a leader in the specialty program management market operating through various entities, including several agencies, claims and loss prevention facilities, self-insured management&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc. Announces Board Of Director Appointments PR Newswire  - Jul 30, 2014 SOUTHFIELD, Mich., July 30, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc.   announced today that the Company's Board of Directors has elected Robert H. Naftaly to Chairman of the Board and&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc. Names Roger Walleck Chief Underwriting Officer PR Newswire  - Feb 18, 2014 18, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc.   today announced that Roger S. Walleck, CPCU, AIS has been appointed Chief Underwriting Officer.'
p5
aS"Meadowbrook Insurance makes changes with CEO, general counsel Crain's Detroit Business - Nov 16, 2016 Robert Cubbin, president and CEO of Southfield-based Meadowbrook Insurance Group, stepped down Wednesday in a top management move that also resulted in Mike Costello, senior vice president and general counsel, leaving the company, Crain's has&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Meadowbrook Insurance Group proposed sale creates business opportunities, says ... Crain's Detroit Business - Dec 31, 2014 The pending sale of Southfield-based Meadowbrook Insurance Group Inc. to a Chinese conglomerate isn't expected to immediately change the company, its corporate headquarters or its top executive team, Crain's has learned.China's Fosun to Buy Meadowbrook Insurance for $433M - Insurance JournalFosun to Buy Meadowbrook in $433 Million US Expansion - Bloomberg"
p7
aS"Meadowbrook Insurance Group  Stock Rising After Fosun Acquisition Approval TheStreet.com - Jun 29, 2015 NEW YORK  -- Shares of Meadowbrook Insurance Group  are advancing 0.94% to $8.62 on Monday on high trading volume after the California Department of Insurance approved Fosun International Limited's acquisition of Meadowbrook's&nbsp;...Fosun's Acquisition of Meadowbrook's California Subsidiaries OK'd - Insurance Journal"
p8
aS"Meadowbrook Insurance Shareholders Approve Acquisition by Fosun Insurance Journal - Apr 28, 2015 Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc., headquartered in Southfield, Mich., announced that the group's shareholders have formally approved the pending acquisition of Meadowbrook by Fosun International Limited."
p9
aS'AM Best Affirms Credit Ratings of the Members of Meadowbrook Insurance Group Business Wire  - Jan 26, 2017 OLDWICK, N.J.----A.M. Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating  of B++  and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings  of bbb+ for the members of the Meadowbrook Insurance Group, which operate under&nbsp;...'
p10
a.