(lp0
S"Mechanical Technology Inc. names new chief executive Albany Business Review - Jan 24, 2017 Chief financial officer Rick Jones has been named the new president and CEO. He also will continue his role as CFO. Kevin Lynch has retired as president and CEO of Mechanical Technology Inc. in Albany, Enlarge. Kevin Lynch has retired as president and&nbsp;...Mechanical Technology, Incorporated President/CEO Retires - Marketwired Mechanical Technology's CEO retires after righting ship - Albany Times Union"
p1
aS'Mechanical Technology rebounds after $2.8 million loss in 2015 Albany Business Review - Mar 3, 2017 Mechanical Technology Inc. sold more than $7.1 million in gauges, sensors and measuring devices last year as product revenue increased 11 percent during a transformational year that brought in new investors, board members and a chief executive officer.'
p2
aS"The Trump Effect: Tweets aside, Albany manufacturer's stock booms Albany Business Review - Jan 9, 2017 Albany, New York, manufacturer Mechanical Technology Inc.  saw the second-highest stock increase among those companies over the three-month period."
p3
aS'Mechanical Technology Secures $2.74 Million Investment from Brookstone ... Business Wire  - Oct 24, 2016 ALBANY, N.Y.----Mechanical Technology, Incorporated , , a company engaged, through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc., in the design, manufacture and sale of precision test and measurement&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'MTI of Albany passes poison pill stock plan Albany Times Union - Oct 11, 2016 Mechanical Technology Inc. has put in place a poison pill stock plan in an attempt to protect $51 million in tax benefits that may be at risk from an activist shareholder.'
p5
aS"NYC investor says Albany's MTI afraid of 'losing control' Albany Times Union - Oct 12, 2016 ALBANY - Dan Zeff, whose New York City firm Zeff Capital bought up more than 5 percent of the shares of Albany-based Mechanical Technology Inc. last month, says he is disappointed that the company's board of directors suddenly approved a new &quot;poison&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Albany's MTI on lookout to buy other firms Albany Times Union - Nov 29, 2016 Fresh off of a $2.75 million investment by the private equity firm Brookstone Partners, Mechanical Technology Inc. of Albany is looking to acquire other companies."
p7
aS'Kevin Lynch retires as CEO of MTI The Daily Gazette - Jan 25, 2017 ALBANY - Kevin Lynch has retired as president and CEO of Mechanical Technology, Incorporated and been succeeded by Rick Jones.'
p8
aS'Premier Technology, Inc. COO Mike Ryan retires, Guy Girard steps in Idaho Business Review - Apr 5, 2017 He is an active member of the American Nuclear Society and American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Premier Technology, Inc. is a privately held, woman-owned small business with a customer base in food processing, mining, commercial industrial,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'MTI Instruments Launches New Suite Of 2D/3D Technology Products Metrology World  - Mar 21, 2017 Albany, NY  - MTI Instruments, Inc. , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mechanical Technology, Incorporated , , and worldwide supplier of precision linear displacement solutions, vibration measurement and&nbsp;...'
p10
a.