(lp0
S'The Magellan Midstream Partners LP  Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Petro Global News 24 - Feb 3, 2017 Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Raymond James Financial, Inc. downgraded Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. to a buy rating and set a $73.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Sunday,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"3 Reasons Magellan Midstream Partners, LP Is a Better Dividend Stock Than ... Motley Fool - Apr 4, 2017 Pipeline companies Magellan Midstream Partners  and ONEOK  appear evenly matched on the surface. Both generate rather stable cash flow, since more than 85% of their earnings come from fee-based assets.Magellan Midstream to Announce First-Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 3 - PR Newswire Really worthy Stock Magellan Midstream Partners, LP's  stock price is ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p2
aS"Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Magellan Midstream Partners LP Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2017 Despite challenging market conditions, last year was a record-setting one for Magellan Midstream Partners . Fueled by its best fourth quarter ever, the company produced $947.5 million in distributable cash flow for the full year, which was 0 ...Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers On Magellan Midstream Partners And Gold - Benzinga"
p3
aS"3 Reasons To Consider Magellan Midstream Partners Seeking Alpha - Apr 6, 2017 The future of oil prices continues to look uncertain, thanks in part to the surging production from the U.S. That creates risk for a number of energy infrastructure master limited partnerships that are engaged in transportation of crude oil. But ...Magellan Midstream Partners, LP's  Hold Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank ... - The Cerbat GemHow has Magellan Midstream Partners, LP performed recently? - The Daily Leicester"
p4
aS"Better Buy: Magellan Midstream Partners LP vs. Spectra Energy Partners LP Motley Fool - Dec 1, 2016 If that were always the case, then Spectra Energy Partners'  current yield of 6.2% would make it the better buy over Magellan Midstream Partners  and its 4.8% payout. However, before declaring it the winner, there are a couple more&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners LP Posts a Solid Quarter, Ups Guidance Motley Fool - Nov 2, 2016 There are few revenue streams that are as resilient as Magellan Midstream Partners' . Thanks to another solid operating quarter, management felt confident to raise its guidance for distributable cash flow for the second time this year."
p6
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners LP's Earnings Steady as Management Tees Up Its ... Motley Fool - Aug 3, 2016 It seems that no matter how much change we see in the oil and gas market from quarter to quarter, earnings results from Magellan Midstream Partners  remain remarkably steady. Even though profits from the few business segments that are&nbsp;...Magellan Midstream Partners LP  Michael N. Mears on Q2 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS"Magellan Midstream Partners LP  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, Aaron Milford to review Magellan's fourth quarter financial results in more detail.Magellan Midstream Partners Posts Record Results Despite Customer Troubles - Motley FoolMagellan Midstream takes legal action against Trafigura - Reuters"
p8
aS'Better Buy: Magellan Midstream Partners LP vs. Enterprise Products Partners LP Motley Fool - Sep 28, 2016 Investors considering MLPs Magellan Midstream Partners  and Enterprise Products Partners  face a tough choice.'
p9
aS"Consider Magellan Midstream, Despite The Low Yield Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Magellan Midstream Partners  doesn't offer much in terms of yield, but this MLP, which is engaged in transportation, storage and distribution of petroleum products, has delivered a blowout performance in the downturn and remains one of the&nbsp;...Magellan Midstream Partners' Management Sees 1 Hurdle in 2017, but Lots of ... - Motley Fool"
p10
a.