(lp0
S'The New York State Common Retirement Fund Continues to Hold Stake in Model N ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 28, 2017 A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in MODN. Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in Model N by 9.1% in the second quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 21,395 shares of the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Model N Announces Date of Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Yahoo Finance - 13 hours ago Model N, Inc. , the leading provider of cloud-based revenue management solutions to life sciences, high tech and manufacturing companies, plans to announce financial results for the second quarter fiscal 2017 after market close on Monday, May 8,&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Model N Inc  Given Average Recommendation of &quot;Buy&quot; by Analysts The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Model N logo Model N Inc  has earned an average recommendation of Buy from the six brokerages that are covering the company.The Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc.  to Buy - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Model N Completes Acquisition of Revitas, Inc. Yahoo Finance - Jan 5, 2017 REDWOOD CITY, CA-- - Model N, Inc. , a provider of cloud-based revenue management solutions to life sciences, technology and manufacturing companies, today announced it has completed its acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Model N Announces New Revvy Products for Salesforce CPQ Marketwired  - Nov 2, 2016 ... ON Semiconductor. For more information, visit www.modeln.com. Model N is the registered trademark of Model N, Inc. Any other company names mentioned are the property of their respective owners and are mentioned for identification purposes only.'
p5
aS'Price Alert: Model N Inc  Stock Nears Resistance -- Technicals Hit ... CML News - 22 hours ago Price Alert: Model N Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p6
aS'Model N Welcomes Tim Adams to Its Board of Directors Yahoo Finance - Dec 29, 2016 REDWOOD CITY, CA-- - Model N, Inc. , a leading provider of cloud-based revenue management solutions to life sciences, technology and manufacturing companies, today announced that Tim Adams has been&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Model N  Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Markets Daily - 14 hours ago Model N logo Media headlines about Model N  have been trending somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports.'
p8
aS'Model N Inc  Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $33.69 Million The Cerbat Gem - Apr 15, 2017 Model N logo Wall Street brokerages expect Model N Inc  to announce sales of $33.69 million for the current quarter, according to Zacks.Model N Inc  Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.35 Per Share - Sports PerspectivesModel N Inc  Receives Average Rating of &quot;Buy&quot; from Analysts - Community Financial News'
p9
aS"Model N's  CEO Edward Sander on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 8, 2016 Greetings, and welcome to the Model N Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode."
p10
a.