(lp0
S'Market Desk: Reviewing the Numbers for Moog Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 5 hours ago Moog Inc.  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 3003788. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p1
aS"Moog Inc: Stuck In Neutral Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2015 Moog   is a designer and manufacturer of fluid and motion control systems. The company's products are technically-advanced and serve a purpose in a wide variety of industries, with Moog products present on commercial&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'BRIEF-Moog Inc says entered a Retention Agreement with CFO Donald Fishback on ... Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 HONG KONG/SAN FRANCISCO, April 16 Documents and computer files released by hackers provide a blueprint for how the U.S. National Security Agency likely used weaknesses in commercially available software to gain access to the global system for&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'MOOG INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers ... Market Exclusive - Mar 6, 2017 About MOOG INC.  Moog Inc. is a designer, manufacturer and integrator of precision motion and fluid controls and systems for a range of applications in aerospace and defense and industrial markets.'
p4
aS'Moog, Inc. Sustains Profits Despite a Light Quarter Motley Fool - Aug 4, 2016 Moog Inc.  released fiscal third-quarter 2016 results late last week, and shares are up more than 7% since then despite continued top-line declines, and a slightly reduced revenue outlook from the precision-control components&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Educators touring Moog Inc., Cannon Design as part of STEM conference Buffalo Business First - Jun 29, 2015 Educators from around the state will be taking a diverse range of tours this week, including an East Aurora-based aerospace conglomerate and a prominent Grand Island design firm.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: AAR Corp.  is Beating Moog Inc  CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for AAR Corp.  versus Moog Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'Moog Inc. invests in additive manufacturing by acquiring Linear Mold &amp; Engineering Plastics Today - Dec 11, 2015 Moog Inc. , a global designer, manufacturer and integrator of precision control components and systems, announced that it has acquired 70% ownership of Linear Mold and Engineering, with an option to acquire the remaining 30%.'
p8
aS'Jobs to fill: Moog advertising for 78 open positions Buffalo Business First - Jan 17, 2017 Moog Inc. is advertising for 78 open positions at its facilities in East Aurora and Niagara Falls. Publicly traded Moog designs and manufactures high-performance controls and control systems for various industries.'
p9
aS'Moog Inc. shares plummeting after disappointing first quarter Buffalo Business First - Jan 29, 2016 Company leaders attributed the drop to weaker industrial and energy markets. Moog is a manufacturer for the defense and aerospace sectors.'
p10
a.