(lp0
S"Molina Healthcare stock dives on 'clearly unacceptable' earnings Los Angeles Times - Feb 16, 2017 Molina Healthcare Inc. shares plunged Thursday, the day after the Long Beach insurer said losses related to its participation in the Affordable Care Act marketplace led to clearly unacceptable earnings for 2016.Molina blames Obamacare for disappointing results, outlook - ReutersInsurers Mull Obamacare Exits as Uncertainty, Losses Mount - Insurance Journal"
p1
aS"Molina Healthcare  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 16, 2017 The purpose of this call is to discuss Molina Healthcare's financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.Molina Healthcare  Q4 Earnings, Revenues Miss Estimates - NasdaqMolina Healthcare Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results and ... - Business Wire "
p2
aS"Dr. Taft Parsons named chief medical officer at Molina Healthcare of Michigan The Oakland Press - Mar 11, 2017 Taft Parsons III, M.D. has been named chief medical officer for Molina Healthcare of Michigan. His duties include overseeing the health plan's clinical operations."
p3
aS'Molina Healthcare  Issues Revised Q4 &amp; 2016 Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 2, 2017 Molina Healthcare, Inc. MOH recently issued revised fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results. The company released the revised figures because the unaudited report  did not include the impact of a retroactive contract&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Molina Healthcare Increases Its Medicare Star Quality Ratings Business Wire  - Dec 6, 2016 LONG BEACH, Calif.----Molina Healthcare, Inc.  announced today that all of its eligible health plans increased or maintained their scores as part of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services'  2017 Star Ratings, which&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Molina Healthcare CEO Expresses Doubts About GOP's Health Plan NPR - Mar 10, 2017 Steve Inskeep talks to Dr. J. Mario Molina, CEO of Molina Healthcare, for his reaction to the House measure. RACHEL MARTIN, HOST: Dr."
p6
aS"Molina Healthcare of Michigan welcomes Dr. Taft Parsons as chief medical officer Michronicleonline - Feb 20, 2017 Dr. Parsons joined the company in 2013 as the Vice President of Behavioral Health Plans for Molina Healthcare, Inc., where he was responsible for standardizing and overseeing the behavioral health benefits for each of Molina's health plans."
p7
aS"Why Is Molina Healthcare  Down 8.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Molina Healthcare Inc. MOH . Shares have lost about 8.2% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Today's Brokerage Rating: Gray Television, Inc. , Molina Healthcare, Inc ... - StockNewsJournalMolina Healthcare Inc  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on March 21 Session - Equities.com"
p8
aS'Investor Watch: Zooming in on the Levels for Molina Healthcare, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 6 hours ago Molina Healthcare, Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 4363554. The EV helps show how the market assigns value to a company as a whole.'
p9
aS"Molina Healthcare, Inc. : Are Traders Shorting This Stock? Midway Monitor - 12 hours ago Based on the latest information, investors are looking at Molina Healthcare, Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p10
a.