(lp0
S"Monsanto: Slightly Overvalued, But No Time To Be Concerned Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2017 Despite the below-market fair values per share as per the DCF analysis, there are reasons to expect further appreciation in the company's value. Our recommendation on Monsanto's shares is hold given the binary outcome of the pending merger with Bayer."
p1
aS'Monsanto CEO Pares Position in Company GuruFocus.com - Apr 12, 2017 Monsanto is an agriculture company that produces seeds with the purpose of protecting yield, supporting efficiency and reducing on-farm costs for farmers.'
p2
aS'Monsanto Company  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for April 05, 2017 Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2017 Monsanto Company  will begin trading ex-dividend on April 05, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.54 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 28, 2017.Monsanto second-quarter profit jumps on strong demand for seeds - ReutersMonsanto sows the seeds for reaching top-end of full year guidance - Proactive Investors USA & Canada'
p3
aS"Monsanto Company Sets Webcast and Analyst Call for Second-Quarter 2017 Earnings Yahoo Finance - Mar 29, 2017 Monsanto Company  announced it will issue the company's financial results for its fiscal 2017 second quarter on Wednesday, April 5, 2017, prior to market open.Monsanto Company surged in the Previous Trading Session with the Change of 0.06% - Free ObserverVetr Inc. Lowers Monsanto Company  to Hold - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS"Seed giant Monsanto meets its match as Hindu nationalists assert power in Modi ... Reuters - Mar 28, 2017 Rao had also locked in a long-term licensing agreement with Monsanto Co, the world's largest seed company, for the technology used in genetically modified cotton seeds that made up the majority of his annual sales.Monsanto termination of sub-licence with Indian company illegal: High Court - The New Indian ExpressDispute between Monsanto, Indian seed company could upend world's largest ... - Genetic Literacy Project"
p5
aS"Update: After quick review, medical school says no evidence Monsanto ... Science Magazine - Mar 21, 2017 The documents, including internal emails written in 2015, reveal Monsanto executives strategizing about ways to work with academic and independent scientists to get out the company's message that glyphosate poses no risk of cancer. And they include&nbsp;...Monsanto Faces Hundreds of New Cancer Lawsuits as Debate Over Glyphosate Rages On - EcoWatchMonsanto Weed Killer: Scientific Manipulation Revealed - U.S. Right to Know  "
p6
aS'Analyst Activity  Citigroup Inc Reiterates Neutral on Monsanto Company  Market Exclusive - Apr 15, 2017 Today, Citigroup Inc reiterated its Neutral rating on Monsanto Company  with a price target of $125.00. There are 7 hold ratings, 12 buy ratings on the stock.The Case for and Against Monsanto Company  - StockNewsJournalMonsanto Company  Getting Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Report Finds - Markets Daily'
p7
aS'Monsanto Company  Downgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. Sports Perspectives - 5 hours ago Monsanto Company logo Monsanto Company  was downgraded by research analysts at Vetr from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report issued on Monday.Monsanto Company  Stake Decreased by Heritage Investors Management Corp - The Cerbat GemAnalysts Anticipate Monsanto Company  Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4 ... - Markets Daily'
p8
aS"Monsanto weed killer caused cancer, Californians allege in new lawsuit The Mercury News - Mar 23, 2017 OAKLAND - Forty California residents are suing chemical giant Monsanto, alleging that exposure to the company's Roundup weed killer caused them to develop non-Hodgkin lymphoma.Monsanto's Four Tactics for Undermining Glyphosate Science Review - The Equation: Blog of the Union of Concerned Scientists USDA Drops Plan to Test for Monsanto Weed Killer in Food - EcoWatch"
p9
aS'Monsanto Company gives $200000 to assist farmers impacted by wildfires High Plains Journal - Mar 23, 2017 Monsanto announced March 23 that it will donate a total of $200,000 to support disaster relief efforts in four states where farmers and ranchers have been affected by devastating wildfires.'
p10
a.