(lp0
S"Market: The Analysts Set Expectations for Marathon Petroleum Corporation's Q3 ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 MPC has been the subject of several other reports. J P Morgan Chase &amp; Co upgraded Marathon Petroleum Corporation from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and raised their target price for the company from $46.00 to $57.00 in a research note on&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Cullinan Associates Inc. Has $6.561 Million Position in Marathon Petroleum ... The Cerbat Gem - 12 hours ago Marathon Petroleum Corp logo Cullinan Associates Inc. raised its position in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp  by 0.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.This Is What The Technical Chart For Marathon Petroleum Corporation  Is ... - NY Stock NewsPeoples Financial Services CORP. Has $140000 Position in Marathon Petroleum ... - Markets Daily'
p2
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corp. to announce 2017 first-quarter financial results April 27 Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 FINDLAY, Ohio, April 4, 2017 - Marathon Petroleum Corp.  will host a conference call Thursday, April 27, at 9 a.m. EDT to discuss 2017 first-quarter financial results, which will be released earlier that day, and to provide an update on company&nbsp;...Agree To Buy Marathon Petroleum Corp. At $32.50, Earn 6% Using Options - NasdaqWhy Is Marathon Petroleum  Up 6.6% Since the Last Earnings Report? - Zacks.com'
p3
aS"Fluor Corp.  Secures Contract from Marathon Petroleum Corp.  to ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 10, 2017 Fluor Corporation  announced today that it was selected by a division of Marathon Petroleum Corporation  to execute the engineering and procurement scope for a major reconfiguration at Marathon's Galveston Bay and Texas City,&nbsp;...Marathon Petroleum selects Fluor for more work on major refinery project - Houston Business JournalFluor awarded Marathon contract - Hydrocarbon Engineering"
p4
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corporation  shares to see major resistance at $49.79 USA Commerce Daily - 18 hours ago With all other things going on, Marathon Petroleum Corporation  has been on a run - rising 0.7 percent in just three months.'
p5
aS'Market Check: Focusing on These Shares: Marathon Petroleum Corp  Midway Monitor - 18 hours ago The 14-day ADX for Marathon Petroleum Corp  is currently 10.7. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p6
aS'Marathon Petroleum Corp  Shares Sold by CrestPoint Capital Management LLC The Cerbat Gem - Apr 12, 2017 Marathon Petroleum Corp logo CrestPoint Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp  by 4.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Critical Chart Information For Marathon Petroleum Corporation  - NY Stock NewsAnalysts Recommendation and Price Reaction History on: Marathon Petroleum Corp ... - Post Registrar'
p7
aS'Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their Marathon Petroleum ... Business Wire  - Mar 31, 2017 For example, Marathon Petroleum is one of the companies profiled in the Toluene Market report. The toluene market is projected to reach USD 23.41 billion by 2021 at a CAGR of 6.3%.'
p8
aS'Stillwater Capital Advisors LLC Acquires 353 Shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 13, 2017 Marathon Petroleum Corp logo Stillwater Capital Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp  by 0.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Why Traders Are Paying Attention To The Chart of Marathon Petroleum ... - NY Stock News'
p9
aS'Goldman picks favorites in oil &amp; gas, refiners Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2017 Tweaking a list of favorite energy names alongside a fairly bullish outlook for the future of oil prices, Goldman notes potential &quot;pockets of upside&quot; among major oil &amp; gas companies, and refiners.Goldman Sachs picks its favorites among major oil companies, refiners - MarketWatch'
p10
a.