(lp0
S"Tables Look Set to Turn for Asia's Worst Property Market Bloomberg - Jul 27, 2016 ... correlation between the decline in gross gaming revenues and pricing in the mass residential market,&quot; said Macau-based Tom Ashworth, principal of Sniper Capital Ltd.Is Crown Resorts Ltd a buy at this share price? - Motley Fool Australia"
p1
aS"Global: Move over Hong Kong. Macau, China's former sin city is suddenly ... City A.M. - Jun 29, 2016 Alasdair is a freelance journalist who contributes to the Hot Property and Trave [..] Show ... Tower 6 of One Central is currently owned by UK listed Macau Property Opportunities Fund, while the others are backed by local Macau or Mainland Chinese ..."
p2
aS'Macau Slump Spreading From Gambling Tables to Property Market Bloomberg - Jun 24, 2015 Tom Ashworth, principal of Sniper Capital Ltd., expects housing prices to recover next year as new resorts begin to open, drawing more visitors and bringing in more foreign workers.The Best Stocks to Invest in Casinos - Motley Fool'
p3
aS'Patience pays off Macau Business Daily - Dec 16, 2016 A retail development property whose land was originally acquired in October of 2007, has finally received approval for its architectural concept, and will proceed to the submission of the detailed plans to the Land, Public Works and Transport Bureau&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Experts name best funds to be in right now Interactive Investor - Dec 2, 2016 ... follow a business model along the lines of Las Vegas. While local casino stocks such as Wynn Macau and MGM China have already surged in value, the overlooked UK-listed closed-ended fund Macau Property Opportunities  has yet to join the party.'
p5
aS'3 under-value investment trusts to retire on Motley Fool UK - Feb 10, 2017 As shares in investment trusts trade just like any equity, with a limited number of shares in place, these trusts can trade at a discount or premium to their underlying assets, offering investors a chance to buy a portfolio of shares at less than cost ...'
p6
aS"Best investment trusts of 2013: Bold bet on China's gambling capital Macau ... This is Money - Dec 13, 2013 Investors who placed a bet on property in China's gambling capital have reaped rich rewards in 2013, with Macau Property Opportunities named the best performing investment trust of the year. The trust which invests in property in high octane casino and&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Investment trusts in 2015: which returned 50pc for investors? Telegraph.co.uk - Dec 23, 2015 Instead, the trust is in the process of selling down its property investments and then returning cash to shareholders, and this has greatly influenced the price.'
p8
aS'Time to move in on emerging market opportunities Financial Times - Feb 14, 2014 It is against this backdrop that the team behind Macau Property Opportunities fund - a London-listed fund that has more than doubled its net assets between 2006 and 2013 - is floating a new vehicle on the main market within the next few weeks.'
p9
aS"Women trust directors double in five years Citywire.co.uk - Feb 22, 2017 'Alternative' trusts looking old-fashioned and male dominated were the Doric Nimrod  airplane leasing funds, Henderson Alternative Strategies Trust , Macau Property Opportunities  and Ranger Direct Lending ."
p10
a.