(lp0
S"Medical Properties Trust, Inc. : An Examination Of The Chart For Today's ... NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p1
aS'Medical Properties Trust, Inc. Describes Plans for Restructuring of Adeptus ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  announced today that its operating partnership, MPT Operating Partnership, L.P.Adeptus Health Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive'
p2
aS"Burning Stock on the move: Medical Properties Trust Inc.  HugoPress - 19 hours ago Jefferies Upgrades Medical Properties Trust Inc. 's stock to Buy with the price target of $15. This rating was issued on 4/07/17.Medical Properties Trust Inc.  has a Market value of 4.46 Billion - TopChronicle"
p3
aS'Analysts Weigh in on Medical Properties Trust, Inc. : Consensus Notes Rockville Register - 16 hours ago During the past trading session, shares of Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  traded +1.187%. Covering analysts are predicting the stock to move to $13.590 within the next year.'
p4
aS'Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  Is Trying To Tell Investors Something ... NY Stock News - Apr 10, 2017 The technicals for Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p5
aS'Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  Has Revealed It All In Its Chart NY Stock News - Apr 13, 2017 The technicals for Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.Watchful Mover: Medical Properties Trust Inc.  - StandardOracleMedical Properties Trust Inc. added 0.73% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free Observer'
p6
aS'Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  shares to see major resistance at $14 USA Commerce Daily - 19 hours ago With all other things going on, Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 12.86 percent in just three months.'
p7
aS'The Technical Chart For Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  Is Very Revealing ... NY Stock News - Apr 4, 2017 The technicals for Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p8
aS'Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  Shouts Loudly With Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - Apr 5, 2017 The technicals for Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p9
aS"The Must-Know Technicals As They Stand For Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  NY Stock News - Apr 6, 2017 Medical Properties Trust, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.