(lp0
S"MRC Global Inc.'s Results Continue to Show Small Signs of Improvement Motley Fool - Feb 17, 2017 On the one hand, MRC Global's  financial results took a step back during the fourth quarter after revenue declined and its adjusted net loss widened."
p1
aS'MRC Global Announces Exclusive Measurement and Instrumentation Distribution ... PR Newswire  - Oct 3, 2016 HOUSTON, Oct. 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- MRC Global Inc.  is pleased to announce that its US subsidiary, MRC Global  Inc., has signed an exclusive Enterprise Distributor Program  agreement with Schlumberger to distribute Cameron&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'MRC Global Inc  Receives $21.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - 3 hours ago MRC Global logo MRC Global Inc  has been assigned an average recommendation of Buy from the ten ratings firms that are presently covering the company.MRC Global Inc  Earns Positive Rating from Analysts at Susquehanna ... - Markets DailyMRC Global Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of &quot;Buy&quot; from Brokerages - Community Financial News'
p3
aS'MRC Global  Secures 5-Year PVF Contract from PBF Energy Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 Premium Oil &amp; Gas Equipment &amp; Services providing company, MRC Global Inc. MRC strengthened its long-standing relationship with PBF Energy Inc. PBF on the back of a new five-year pipe, valve and fitting  contract.MRC Global Retains Scopes for Growth Amid Energy Market Woes - Zacks.com'
p4
aS'MRC Global Inc : Does Low Debt-Load Make It A Financially Strong Company? Simply Wall St - Apr 7, 2017 Small-cap companies such as MRC Global Inc  with its market cap of USD $1.73 Billion, benefit the most from improving economic conditions due to the growth potential, but on the other hand they also are highly prone to a downturn, thus making&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Company in Focus: MRC Global Inc.  Baxter Review - 18 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for MRC Global Inc. . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled capital into profitable&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"MRC Global Inc.'s Revenue Finally Stops Sliding Motley Fool - Nov 4, 2016 The oil market started showing signs of improvement during the third quarter, which trickled down into MRC Global's  results.MRC Global's  CEO Andrew Lane on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS"MRC Global Inc.  Soars 5.5% on April 06 Equities.com - Apr 6, 2017 MRC Global Inc.  had a good day on the market for Thursday April 06 as shares jumped 5.5% to close at $19.17. About 1.08 million shares traded hands on 8,246 trades for the day, compared with an average daily volume of 1.02 million shares out of a&nbsp;...MRC Global Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $18.17 while finishes with ... - Hot Stocks PointA Look at 2 Trending Stocks: MRC Global Inc. , ImmunoGen, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p8
aS"A Look Ahead For 2 Stocks: MRC Global Inc. , Enservco Corporation  Post Analyst - 20 hours ago Wall Street is only getting more bullish on the stock, with 9 of analysts who cover MRC having a buy-equivalent rating. Analysts have placed a $23.88 price target on MRC Global Inc., suggesting a 31.5% gain from recent close. It's currently trading ..."
p9
aS"MRC Global Inc. : Trader Update on the Shares Midway Monitor - 12 hours ago According to the latest stock data, investors are looking at MRC Global Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p10
a.