(lp0
S'Endurance to Take Over Montpelier Re for About $1.83 Billion Bloomberg - Mar 31, 2015 Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. agreed to buy Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd. for about $1.83 billion in cash and stock months after abandoning a hostile bid for another Bermuda-based insurance company.Endurance to Acquire Montpelier for $1.8 Billion - Insurance Journal'
p1
aS'Montpelier Declares Special Dividend In Connection With Its Proposed ... Business Wire  - Jun 19, 2015 HAMILTON , Bermuda----Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd.   today announced that its Board of Directors has declared, subject to certain conditions, the previously announced special dividend of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Endurance  Ratings Affirmed by S&amp;P Following Montpelier Re Deal StreetInsider.com - Aug 3, 2015 At the same time, we raised our long-term counterparty credit rating on Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd.  to 'BBB+' from 'BBB' and subsequently withdrew the ratings on MRH.Endurance completes Montpelier Re acquisition - Royal Gazette"
p3
aS"Hedge Funds Are Buying Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd.  Insider Monkey  - Jun 13, 2013 Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd.  was in 13 hedge funds' portfolio at the end of the first quarter of 2013. MRH has seen an increase in activity from the world's largest hedge funds recently."
p4
aS"Endurance Surges as Insurer in Talks to Be Acquired by Sompo Bloomberg - Oct 4, 2016 It grew by acquiring businesses, including last year's purchase of Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd. The firm has operations in the U.S.Japan's SOMPO to Acquire Endurance for $6.3 Billion - Insurance JournalEndurance to be sold to Sompo in $6.3bn deal - Royal Gazette"
p5
aS'Montpelier Re staff clear section of Railway Trail Royal Gazette - Sep 12, 2014 Chris Harris, president and CEO of Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd, said: I am pleased that a large number of our employees were able to participate in the restoration of a portion of the Railway Trail today.'
p6
aS'Montpelier Announces Retirement of Tom Busher Business Wire  - Feb 25, 2013 HAMILTON, Bermuda----Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd.  , today announced that Deputy Chairman, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Tom Busher, will retire from the Company&nbsp;...Tom Busher To Retire From Montpelier Re - Bernews'
p7
aS'AM Best Affirms Ratings of Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. and Its Subsidiaries Business Wire  - May 12, 2016 ... risk-adjusted capitalization, specialty-focused diversified business profile, improved financial and operational leverage, reduced catastrophe exposure, and geographic diversification following the acquisition of Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd ...'
p8
aS'Montpelier Reinsurance Ltd. Names Dr. Gero Michel Head of Risk Analytics Business Wire  - Jul 3, 2012 HAMILTON, Bermuda----Montpelier Reinsurance Ltd., the Bermuda reinsurance subsidiary of Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd. , announced today that it has named Dr. Gero Michel Head of Risk Analytics, a new position at the&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Montpelier Re Launches New Lloyd's Syndicate; S&amp;P Comments Insurance Journal - Jun 21, 2007 Bermuda's Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd. announced that it has received approval from Lloyd's for the commencement of trading on July 1, 2007 of a new Syndicate, to be known as Montpelier Syndicate 5151, pseudonym MRE."
p10
a.