(lp0
S"Materion Corp. names Delphi Automotive exec as CEO Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 3, 2017 Mayfield Heights-based advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  announced a leadership succession that installs a veteran Delphi Automotive executive as CEO.Materion Corp.  Names Richard J. Hipple as Executive Chairman; Jugal K ... - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS"Materion Corp. completes $30 million acquisition of Germany's Heraeus Group Crain's Cleveland Business - Mar 1, 2017 Mayfield Heights-based advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  said it has completed the previously announced $30 million acquisition of the target materials business of the Heraeus Group of Hanau, Germany.Materion Corporation completes Heraeus Target Materials acquisition - Seeking AlphaMaterion Corporation  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p2
aS"Materion Corp. expands the responsibilities of three executives Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 4, 2017 Advanced materials supplier Materion Corp.  of Mayfield Heights announced the transition of responsibilities for finance and legal functions stemming from the retirement of Michael C. Hasychak, the company's vice president, treasurer and&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'BRIEF-Materion Corporation announces planned leadership succession Reuters - Mar 3, 2017 ... * Materion Corp - Jugal K. Vijayvargiya has joined Materion and succeeded Hipple as president and chief executive officer.'
p4
aS"Growth is next on the agenda at Materion Corp. Crain's Cleveland Business - Jan 18, 2015 The transition has been in the works for a while; Kelley was brought on from PolyOne Corp. in 2011 in anticipation of this change."
p5
aS'8100 Shares in Materion Corp  Acquired by GSA Capital Partners LLP BBNS - 4 hours ago Materion Corp logo GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new position in Materion Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.'
p6
aS"Materion Corp. in talks to acquire part of Germany-based Heraeus Group Crain's Cleveland Business - May 12, 2016 Materion Corp.  of Mayfield Heights disclosed that its Advanced Materials business segment is in discussions to acquire the high-performance target materials business of Heraeus Group of Germany.Materion Corporation Announces Discussions with Heraeus Group Regarding an ... - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Southeast lab fire caused by titanium powder The Journal News | LoHud.com - Apr 1, 2015 SOUTHEAST - A small fire broke out in a laboratory at a commercial building north of Brewster after a chemical exploded when a worker opened a container Wednesday morning, officials said.'
p8
aS'Materion Corp.  Misses Q4 EPS by 6c; Guides FY17 EPS Below Views StreetInsider.com - Feb 14, 2017 Get instant alerts when news breaks on your stocks. Claim your 2-week free trial to StreetInsider Premium here. Materion Corp.  reported Q4 EPS of $0.28, $0.06 worse than the analyst estimate of $0.34. Revenue for the quarter came in at&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Materion Corp  Insider Sells $97110.00 in Stock Sports Perspectives - Apr 17, 2017 Materion Corp logo Materion Corp  insider Richard J. Hipple sold 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th.Richard J. Hipple Sells 6000 Shares of Materion Corp  Stock - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.