(lp0
S"Delving into Shares of Minerals Technologies Inc. : A Look at the ... Rockville Register - 6 minutes ago The Piotroski F-Score is a scoring system between 1-9 that determines a firm's financial strength. The score helps determine if a company's stock is valuable or not."
p1
aS'BRIEF-Minerals Technologies names Castagna group president, performance ... Reuters - Mar 15, 2017 March 21 General Mills Inc reported its seventh straight quarterly sales decline on Tuesday, hurt by weak demand for its yogurt and baking products, as the company discounted less amid pricing competition in the United States.'
p2
aS'Stock in Focus: Minerals Technologies Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 6 hours ago Minerals Technologies Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 3513017. The EV helps show how the market assigns value to a company as a whole.'
p3
aS"Minerals Technologies'  CEO Doug Dietrich on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2016 Minerals Technologies Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being ... In 2016 for example, the company improved productivity measured by tons-per-hour worked by 7%. This saved close to $5&nbsp;...Minerals Technologies Inc  Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations ... - Highland MirrorThe Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Minerals Technologies Inc.  to Hold - DailyQuint"
p4
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Minerals Technologies Inc Implied Price ... CML News - Mar 19, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Minerals Technologies Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p5
aS'Minerals Technologies  Chairman, CEO Muscari Passed Away StreetInsider.com - Sep 6, 2016 Minerals Technologies Inc.,  sadly announced today that Joseph C. Muscari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, died unexpectedly on September 3, 2016.Minerals Tech Chairman/CEO Muscari dies - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"Minerals Technologies'  CEO Doug Dietrich on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 6, 2016 On today's call our prepared remarks will be prepared by Doug Dietrich, our co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer."
p7
aS'Minerals Technologies  Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Sports Perspectives - 5 hours ago Minerals Technologies logo News coverage about Minerals Technologies  has been trending somewhat positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment.The Zacks: Minerals Technologies Inc.  Receives Average Recommendation of ... - Petro Global News 24Minerals Technologies Inc.  QI &amp; Valuation Watch - Business Review'
p8
aS'CFO Moves: HCP, Minerals Technologies, Xaar Wall Street Journal  - Jan 24, 2017 Correction: An earlier version of CFO Moves incorrectly identified Minerals Technologies Inc. The company is based in New York.'
p9
aS"Does Minerals Technologies Inc's  December stock price reflect its future ... Simply Wall St - Dec 8, 2016 Looking at Minerals Technologies Inc 's fundamentals some investors are wondering if its last closing price of $82 represents a good value for money for this high growth stock."
p10
a.