(lp0
S"Men's Wearhouse Announces New Holding Company: Tailored Brands, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 29, 2016 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Men's Wearhouse  today announced that, effective January 31, 2016, Men's Wearhouse will implement a holding company structure. The new holding company is Tailored Brands, Inc., a Texas corporation.Men's Wearhouse looking to augment growth under new identity - Chain Store Age"
p1
aS"Why Shares of Men's Wearhouse Inc. Plummeted in 2015 Motley Fool - Jan 7, 2016 What: Shares of apparel retailer Men's Wearhouse  collapsed in 2015, falling 66.7%, according to S&amp;P Capital IQ data."
p2
aS"Fired From the Company That Made Him Famous, an Entrepreneur Seeks Payback Inc.com - May 21, 2016 In fact, Zimmer tells Inc. exclusively that he's been talking with private equity groups about trying to buy back Men's Wearhouse. &quot;The combination of what I've built in the past couple of years and what we created in the 40 years before would be a ...Men's Wearhouse founder eyes deal for his old company - New York PostMen's Wearhouse Founder Wants To Buy His Company Back - Fortune"
p3
aS"Why Shares of Men's Wearhouse Inc. Were Cut in Half in November Motley Fool - Dec 9, 2015 5, Men's Wearhouse put out a press release detailing its disappointing third-quarter results. Comparable-store sales at Jos.Men's Wearhouse Confronts a New Label: 'Uninvestable' - BloombergMen's Wearhouse Appoints Irene Chang Britt To Board Of Directors - PR Newswire "
p4
aS"The Ballad of George Zimmer and Men's Wearhouse Inc.com - May 28, 2016 This week, Jon Fine talks about Inc. writer Tom Foster's feature about George Zimmer, the iconic founder of men's suit company Men's Warhorse. Find out how Zimmer built the brand into a multi-billion dollar public company, got kicked out by the board ..."
p5
aS"Eminence Owes Men's Wearhouse Parent $17M, Investor Says Law360  - May 10, 2016 Law360, New York  -- A shareholder of Men's Wearhouse parent Tailored Brands Inc. has demanded that hedge fund Eminence Capital LLC return more than $17 million in short-swing profits to the clothier, according to a&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Men's Wearhouse Founder George Zimmer Reveals 'Lifetime Passion' for Marijuana Fortune - Feb 13, 2017 In an interview with Business Insider, Zimmer said he's been smoking marijuana since the 1960s. Sometimes his smoking was to cope with hard times, including a battle with alcoholism and his termination from Men's Wearhouse in 2013. While he hasn't had&nbsp;...Men's Wearhouse founder reveals how smoking marijuana for 50 years changed his ... - Business InsiderMen's Wearhouse founder credits his success to smoking marijuana - SFGate "
p7
aS"Men's Wearhouse parent company names Gap exec as new CFO Houston Business Journal - Dec 14, 2016 Houston-based Tailored Brands Inc.  has named an executive from The Gap to fill a void in its C-suite. The company named Jack Calandra as executive vice president, CFO and treasurer, according to a release.Tailored Brands Names Gap's Calandra as CFO - TheStreet.com"
p8
aS"Men's Wearhouse parent falters after Macy's tux-rental partnership falls short MarketWatch - Mar 9, 2017 Men's Wearhouse parent Tailored Brands Inc. shares took a 32% nosedive in Thursday trading, after the company reported results that missed expectations and a $14 million impairment charge after a tuxedo business partnership with Macy's Inc. didn't go ...Men's Wearhouse Says Its Tuxedo Business at Macy's Is a Flop - FortuneTailored Brands shares shredded by lousy earnings report - CNNMoney"
p9
aS"Dress Up Your Portfolio With 8% Yields From Men's Wearhouse Bonds, Maturing ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 19, 2017 For this week's bond review, we look to the retail industry to focus on the largest specialty retailer of men's suits in the U.S."
p10
a.