(lp0
S'SDIC Fund Management invests $46.6 mln in Maxwell Technologies PE Hub   - Apr 11, 2017 SAN DIEGO, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Maxwell Technologies, Inc.  , a leading developer and manufacturer of capacitive energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced the signing of a stock purchase&nbsp;...Maxwell Technologies Inc.  is Attracting Smart Money - Small Cap Exclusive Maxwell Technologies Announces Agreement with Viex Capital Advisors - PR Newswire '
p1
aS'Maxwell Technologies Expands Partnership with China Railway Rolling Stock ... PR Newswire  - Jan 31, 2017 SAN DIEGO, Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of capacitive energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced a definitive agreement with CRRC Qingdao&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Maxwell Technologies: Acquiring Nesscap Energy Part Of Aggressive Expansion Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 Maxwell Technologies , the California-based market leader in ultracapacitors, announced its intention to acquire Nesscap Energy , a small South Korean player in the ultracapacitor space, in conjunction with its Q4 and year-end ...'
p3
aS'Maxwell Technologies Delivers First Commercial Application of Lithium-Ion ... PR Newswire  - Nov 1, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced the first commercial application of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Steve Bilodeau to Join Maxwell Technologies Board of Directors PR Newswire  - May 12, 2016 SAN DIEGO, May 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced that Steve Bilodeau has been&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Maxwell Technologies Completes Sale of Microelectronics Product Line to Data ... PR Newswire  - Apr 27, 2016 SAN DIEGO, April 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, today announced that it has completed the previously&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Maxwell Technologies Appears Conservatively Priced Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2016 In the process of assisting the start-up, I became acquainted with Maxwell Technologies , the established leader for this type of energy storage technology, and have been following it more or less closely ever since.'
p7
aS"Maxwell Technologies Inc.  Earns Neutral Rating from Cowen and Company The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Maxwell Technologies logo Maxwell Technologies Inc. 's stock had its neutral rating restated by research analysts at Cowen and Company in a report issued on Friday.Maxwell Technologies'  &quot;Neutral&quot; Rating Reiterated at Roth Capital - Sports PerspectivesThe Maxwell Technologies Inc.  Earns Outperform Rating from Cowen and ... - Petro Global News 24"
p8
aS'Maxwell Technologies: Priced For An Implausible Implosion Seeking Alpha - Jun 1, 2016 About two months ago, I took a look at ultracapacitor maker Maxwell Technologies  with an article suggesting it was priced to the conservative side based on my discounted cash flow analysis.'
p9
aS'Maxwell Technologies Announces 3-Volt Addition to Industry-Leading Line of ... PR Newswire  - Feb 16, 2016 SAN DIEGO, Feb. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , a leading developer and manufacturer of ultracapacitor-based energy storage and power delivery solutions, announced the newest addition to its K2 family with a&nbsp;...'
p10
a.