(lp0
S'Study Finds Wide Gap in Quality of BRCA1/2 Variant Classification Between ... GlobeNewswire  - 22 hours ago SALT LAKE CITY, April 17, 2017  -- Myriad Genetics, Inc. , a leader in molecular diagnostics and personalized medicine, today announced that new data comparing BRCA1 and BRCA2 variant classifications between&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Better Buy: Myriad Genetics, Inc. vs. Opko Health, Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 11, 2017 There are three primary arguments in favor of buying Myriad Genetics stock. The company is a leader in the U.S. hereditary cancer screening market and is poised to expand its lead.What Analyst Recommend Regarding these Stock? Myriad Genetics, Inc.  - StandardOracle'
p2
aS'Tracking the Metrics on Shares of Myriad Genetics, Inc.  Baxter Review - 13 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for Myriad Genetics, Inc. . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled capital into&nbsp;...Short Data Recap for: Myriad Genetics, Inc.  - Midway MonitorComerica Bank Acquires 2348 Shares of Myriad Genetics, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'Myriad Genetics and BeiGene Sign Agreement to Develop Companion Diagnostics ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 6, 2017 SALT LAKE CITY, April 06, 2017  -- Myriad Genetics, Inc. , a leader in molecular diagnostics and personalized medicine, today announced that it has entered into a companion diagnostic development collaboration with&nbsp;...Myriad Genetics , BeiGene  Enter Agreement to Develop Companion ... - StreetInsider.com'
p4
aS"Myriad Genetics Announces Five Scientific Presentations at the 2017 American ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 20, 2017 SALT LAKE CITY, March 20, 2017  -- Myriad Genetics, Inc. , a leader in molecular diagnostics and personalized medicine, today announced that the company will present five scientific posters at the 2017 American&nbsp;...Analyst's Proposition on Equifax Inc. , Myriad Genetics, Inc.  - The USA CommerceIn Good Financial Health?  Carnival Corporation , Myriad Genetics, Inc ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p5
aS'Myriad Genetics Inc  Market: Industry Size, Analysis, Emerging Evolution ... Medgadget  - Apr 7, 2017 Myriad Genetics Inc  is a specialty molecular diagnostic company, which discovers and commercializes molecular diagnostic tests, personalized medicine and services for major diseases.Myriad Genetics, Inc.  hit its 52 Week high of $39.74 on Apr 12, 2016 - The Newburgh PressMyriad Genetics Inc. - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p6
aS'An Inside Look at Trading Hot Stocks: Myriad Genetics, Inc. , H&amp;E ... Post Analyst - 16 hours ago Myriad Genetics, Inc.  has made its way to a 12-month decline of -53.47%. Turning to H&amp;E Equipment Services, Inc. , its shares were trading at $23.12 a retreat of $-0.55, on the trading floor.'
p7
aS'MiMedx Group, Inc. and Myriad Genetics, Inc. Head to Head Compare CML News - Apr 15, 2017 MiMedx Group Inc has a higher fundamental rating than Myriad Genetics Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p8
aS'Traders Take Note: Myriad Genetics Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness in ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Take Note: Myriad Genetics Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"How Does Myriad Genetics, Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? StockNewsJournal - Mar 28, 2017 Myriad Genetics, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Research Services. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $19.25, down from yesterday's close by -0.67%.Short Interest in Myriad Genetics, Inc.  Declines By 4.0% - The Cerbat GemStock Returns: Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus Myriad ... - CML News"
p10
a.