(lp0
S'Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Position in Navigant Consulting, Inc.  Markets Daily - 21 hours ago Navigant Consulting logo Highbridge Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Navigant Consulting, Inc.  by 13.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p1
aS'Navigant Consulting, Inc.  Announces Acquisition of McKinnis Consulting ... StreetInsider.com - Jan 4, 2016 Navigant  announced it acquired McKinnis Consulting Services, a firm that provides revenue cycle assessment, strategy, and optimization assistance for healthcare providers.Navigant Buys McKinnis Consulting to Bolster RCM Capabilities - Healthcare InformaticsNavigant Acquires Epic-Focused Revenue Cycle Firm for $52M - HIT Consultant'
p2
aS'Navigant Consulting Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 06 Equities.com - Apr 6, 2017 Navigant Consulting Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 06, as the stock gained 0.04% to close at $22.32. On the day, Navigant Consulting Inc. saw 344,303 shares trade hands on 3,103 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a ...Navigant Consulting  Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds - Sports PerspectivesNavigant Consulting, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p3
aS'Navigant Consulting Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Navigant Consulting Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 0.95% to close at $23.43. On the day, Navigant Consulting Inc. saw 402,228 shares trade hands on 1,499 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a ...Navigant Consulting, Inc.  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS"Navigant Acquires Ecofys, Scaling Global Energy and Sustainability Expertise Business Wire  - Nov 7, 2016 Navigant Consulting, Inc.  is a specialized, global professional services firm that helps clients take control of their future.BRIEF-Navigant acquires Europe's Ecofys - Reuters"
p5
aS'Navigant Consulting, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 30, 2017 Navigant Consulting, Inc.  is a global professional services firm. The Company serves clients in the healthcare, energy and financial services industries.'
p6
aS'Stocks in Analyst Viewfinder: Navigant Consulting, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 16 hours ago Research brokerage firms on Wall Street are offering a consensus Buy rating on shares of Navigant Consulting, Inc. .'
p7
aS"Navigant Consulting  Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.15 Markets Daily - Apr 16, 2017 Receive News &amp; Ratings for Navigant Consulting Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navigant Consulting Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'James Mapes to Lead Navigant Cymetrix Business Wire  - Mar 8, 2017 Navigant Cymetrix, a wholly owned subsidiary of Navigant Consulting, Inc., provides healthcare organizations and physician practices with comprehensive revenue cycle management solutions.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Exponent Inc  versus Navigant Consulting Inc (NYSE ... CML News - Apr 4, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Exponent Inc  versus Navigant Consulting Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.USA Financial Portformulas Corp Takes Position in Navigant Consulting, Inc.  - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.