(lp0
S"Leica Microsystems Expands EM Sample Prep Coverage through NCI Inc. PR Newswire  - Apr 14, 2017 NCI Inc.  of Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, will be Leica's exclusive distributor for EM sample preparation solutions  in Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, Missouri ..."
p1
aS'NCI, Inc.  Controller Embezzled Money StreetInsider.com - Jan 23, 2017 NCI, Inc.  announced today that, based upon preliminary findings, it has discovered that its controller, acting alone, embezzled money from the Company.NCI accuses employee of embezzling millions - Washington Business JournalNCI controller accused of embezzling $18M over six years - Washington Technology'
p2
aS'NCI seeks to recover $19M from alleged embezzler, CEO says in earnings call Washington Business Journal - Apr 10, 2017 Reston-based NCI Inc.  is looking to recover millions of dollars from an alleged embezzler, CEO Paul Dillahay told analysts on a fourth-quarter earnings call Wednesday - though he says he is unsure when the company will be able to&nbsp;...NCI Inc.  Soars 5.79% on April 10 - Equities.comNCI Inc  Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.21 Per Share - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'NCI, Inc.  CEO Clark Resigns; Successor Named StreetInsider.com - Oct 31, 2016 NCI, Inc.  announced that its board of directors has appointed Paul A. Dillahay as president and chief executive officer, effective immediately.NCI makes abrupt change at the top - Washington Business JournalNCI names new CEO as Clark departs - Washington Technology'
p4
aS'NCI, Inc.  Announces Receipt of NASDAQ Notification for Late Form 10-K ... StreetInsider.com - Mar 24, 2017 NCI, Inc.  , a leading provider of information technology and professional services and solutions to U.S.NCI, INC.  Files An 8-K Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy ... - Market Exclusive'
p5
aS"NCI's CEO has changed, but its M&amp;A strategy hasn't. It's hungry for deals. Washington Business Journal - Apr 7, 2017 NCI Inc.  got a new CEO recently, but the company's strategy for mergers and acquisitions looks to be the same under new management.FBR &amp; Co Reiterates Hold Rating for NCI Inc  - The Cerbat Gem$0.00 in Sales Expected for NCI Inc  This Quarter - Markets Daily"
p6
aS'NCI Inc.  Plunges 5.43% on April 06 Equities.com - Apr 6, 2017 NCI Inc.  had a rough trading day for Thursday April 06 as shares tumbled 5.43%, or a loss of $-0.7 per share, to close at $12.20.GSA Capital Partners LLP Sells 6538 Shares of NCI Inc  - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'BRIEF-NCI Inc files for non timely 10-K Reuters - Mar 16, 2017 TOKYO, April 4 Toshiba Corp will meet creditor banks on Tuesday to ask them to accept as collateral shares in its soon-to-be-split-off memory chip unit and other businesses and not call in their loans, sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.'
p8
aS"Court freezes alleged NCI embezzler's assets as feds open investigation Washington Business Journal - Feb 15, 2017 A circuit court judge in Fairfax County has frozen the assets of a former controller at NCI Inc. following allegations last month that he embezzled millions from the company over several years, court documents filed on Feb. 2 reveal."
p9
aS"NCI talks a lot about acquisitions. But would it consider a sale? Washington Business Journal - Oct 27, 2016 Reston-based NCI Inc.  hasn't been shy about its intention to make a major needle-moving merger or acquisition, but in Wednesday's third-quarter earnings call, the company entertained the idea of potentially being on the other side of the&nbsp;..."
p10
a.