(lp0
S"All The Recent Sell-Side Sentiment On Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd ... USA Commerce Daily - 17 hours ago Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 40.6% since bottoming out at $34.16 on Sep. 09, 2016.Recent Price Move of Shares: Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.'s  - Is storiesNews Recap Novavax, Inc. , Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd ... - Daily News Journal"
p1
aS"Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 22, 2017 Andrea DeMarco Sieger - Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call.Will Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd's  Earnings Grow Over The Next Year? - Simply Wall StWhy Toll Brothers, Lantheus Holdings, and Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings ... - Motley Fool"
p2
aS"Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Fox Business - Jan 28, 2017 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  stock went underwater in 2016, dropping 27% according to data provided byS&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.One On One With Norwegian's Camille Olivere - Travel Market Report"
p3
aS"A Keen Look At The Chart For Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  NY Stock News - Apr 10, 2017 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p4
aS'Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Appoints Stella David to Its Board of ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 12, 2016 MIAMI, Dec. 12, 2016  -- Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  (together with NCL Corporation Ltd.Cruising Past Its Peers: Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings - Seeking AlphaNorwegian Cruise Line Holdings signs on first woman director - Seatrade Cruise News'
p5
aS'Norwegian announces more cruises to Cuba from Miami South Florida Business Journal - Feb 7, 2017 The company on Tuesday announced more weekly roundtrip sailings to the island nation from PortMiami through December. The cruise line, owned by Miami-based Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. , previously announced five cruises&nbsp;...Norwegian Cruise Line Extends Sailings to Cuba Through December 2017 - GlobeNewswire Norwegian Cruise Line Extends Cuban Cruises, Others Look Ahead - TravelPulse'
p6
aS"Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Launches Konami's SYNKROS Gaming Enterprise ... PR Newswire  - Jun 21, 2016 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.  is a leading global cruise company which operates the Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises, and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brands.Undervalued Growth Pick of the Day: Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings - TheStreet.com"
p7
aS'Why Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Dropped 14% in June Motley Fool - Jul 12, 2016 Norwegian Cruise Line stock, which had lost nearly 5% in the first three weeks of June, sank another 9% on the 24th. Like peers in the travel and leisure industry, Norwegian is now subject to uncertainty over how the exit of the U.K. from the European ...Seven Seas Explorer unveiled as owner plans cruises to Cuba - Telegraph.co.ukOceania Cruises Sets Stage for Cuba Sailings - Travel Market Report'
p8
aS"Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Frank J. Del Rio - Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Thank you, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this post-election Wednesday.Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Reports Financial Results for the Third Quarter ... - GlobeNewswire Norwegian Cruise Line's Q4 Revenue Jumps 15.5%, But Outlook Is Light - ETF Daily News "
p9
aS'Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Gets Permission to Cruise to Cuba Cruise Critic - Dec 7, 2016  -- Shortly after Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. revealed it would deploy two cruise ships to Cuba, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. said it received approval from the Cuban government to send all three of its brands -- Norwegian Cruise ...Norwegian, Royal Caribbean gain approvals for cruises to Cuba - South Florida Business Journal'
p10
a.