(lp0
S'NCR Corp  Likely to Post a Surprise in Q1 Earnings Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago We expect NCR Corporation NCR to beat expectations when it reports fiscal first-quarter 2017 results on Apr 20. In the last quarter, the company reported a positive earnings surprise of 3.88%.'
p1
aS"The Case for and Against NCR Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 22 hours ago NCR Corporation  is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Information Technology Services. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $43.26, down from yesterday's close by -0.80%.The NCR Corporation  Releases Q1 Earnings Guidance - Petro Global News 24Benchmark Indicates Potential 26.35% Increase In Shares Of NCR Corp - Fiscal Standard"
p2
aS"Should Value Investors Pick NCR Corporation  Stock? Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 This level actually compares pretty favorably with the market at large, as the PE for the S&amp;P 500 stands at about 20.36. If we focus on the long-term PE trend, NCR Corporation's current PE level puts it above its midpoint over the past five years, with ..."
p3
aS"What are Analysts Expecting for NCR Corporation  Earnings? Aiken Advocate - 15 hours ago Sell-side analysts are currently looking for NCR Corporation  to post quarterly EPS of $0.46. The company's next earnings report is expected to be released on or around 2017-04-20 for the period ending on 2017-03-31."
p4
aS'Market Desk: Stock Update for NCR Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 5 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. NCR Corporation  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 9240811.'
p5
aS'Company Outlook on NCR Corporation  : Analyst Consensus in Focus The Herald - 21 hours ago Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable information. Out of the 6 covering sell-side analysts giving share ratings for NCR Corporation , 4 have pegged the stock as a Strong Buy while 0 ...'
p6
aS"Which Way Are Traders Betting This Stock Will Go: NCR Corporation  Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago Investors are looking at NCR Corporation 's short data, trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p7
aS'Tablet POS System to Australian Shores Business Wire  - Apr 4, 2017 NCR Silver is an integrated payment, marketing and management solution that can transform a tablet into a complete POS system, capable of sales reporting, employee management, inventory management and more.'
p8
aS"How Is NCR Corporation's  Financial Condition? Simply Wall St - Apr 11, 2017 Companies such as NCR Corporation   are categorized as mid-cap stocks - market capitalization between $2 billion and $10 billion.Zacks Investment Research issued a report on NCR Corporation (NYSE:NCR ... - Breaking Finance NewsStocks: The NCR Corporation  Shares Sold by BlackRock Institutional Trust ... - Petro Global News 24"
p9
aS'NCR Launches Consumer Self-Ordering Solution for North American Restaurant ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 NCR Corporation , a global leader in omni-channel solutions, today announced an extension to the NCR Aloha Platform that will enable restaurants to increase speed of service, improve order accuracy and increase overall customer satisfaction by&nbsp;...'
p10
a.