(lp0
S"Nordson Corp. completes $705 million purchase of Vention Medical's Advanced ... Crain's Cleveland Business - Apr 3, 2017 Westlake-based Nordson Corp. , a maker of precision dispensing equipment for adhesives, coatings, sealants, biomaterials, polymers, plastics and other materials, has completed a $700 million-plus acquisition it announced in February.Nordson Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 03 - Equities.comNordson Corporation Completes Acquisition of Vention Medical's Advanced ... - MFRTech "
p1
aS"Nordson Corporation Installs Sculpture In Westlake Patch.com - Apr 11, 2017 WESTLAKE, OH - Nordson Corporation, which has its global headquarters in Westlake, honored its employees on Monday with the dedication of a ten-foot diameter globe sculpture designed and donated by Richard E. Nord, one of the company's founding&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Nordson Corporation Cements Another Great Quarter Motley Fool - Aug 23, 2016 Nordson Corporation  released better-than-expected fiscal third-quarter 2016 results Monday after the market closed.Must Watch Stocks for August 22, 2016 - Benzinga'
p3
aS"Nordson Corporation Announces Agreement to Acquire Advanced Technologies ... Business Wire  - Feb 20, 2017 WESTLAKE, Ohio----Nordson Corporation  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Vention Medical's Advanced Technologies  business, a leading designer, developer and&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Nordson Corporation leaving Pulaski, consolidating in Ohio WSLS - Sep 16, 2016 PULASKI  - On Friday, Nordson Corporation announced it's combining its existing screw and barrel operations in Pulaski; Youngstown, Ohio and New Castle, Penn.Company announces plan to move into old Austintown warehouse - WKBN.comNordson consolidating screw and barrel production in Ohio - Plastics News"
p5
aS'Company Outlook on Nordson Corporation  : Analyst Consensus in Focus The Herald - 8 hours ago Out of the 7 covering analysts offering stock ratings for Nordson Corporation , 5 have shares pegged a Strong Buy while 0 analysts have the stock marked a Buy.'
p6
aS'Nordson Corp.  Buys Plas-Pak Industries StreetInsider.com - Feb 1, 2017 Nordson Corporation  has acquired Plas-Pak Industries, Inc., a Norwich, Connecticut designer and manufacturer of injection molded, single-use plastic dispensing and packaging products including two-component  cartridges for industrial&nbsp;...Norwich-based Plas-Pak Industries is sold - Norwich Bulletin'
p7
aS"Nordson Corp. announces plans to consolidate, expand plants in Germany Crain's Cleveland Business - Aug 10, 2016 Westlake-based Nordson Corp. is consolidating and expanding two polymer processing-related plants in Mnster, Germany, the maker of products like precision dispensing equipment announced in a news release."
p8
aS"BRIEF-Nordson Corp acquires Ace Production Technologies Reuters - Jan 6, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Earnings Beat Sends Shares of Nordson Corp  $6.11 Higher Economic Calendar - Dec 14, 2016 Nordson Corporation  jumped nearly six percent higher today, rising $6.11 to hit $110.38 by the time the closing bell rang.Nordson Corporation | $NDSN Stock | Shares Shoot Up On Better Than Expected ... - TickerTV News Nordson: A Value Mid-Cap You Should Have In Your Portfolio - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.