(lp0
S"Newmont Mining Corporation  Exposed Via Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Newmont Mining Corporation  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics."
p1
aS'Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Sells 4824 Shares of Newmont Mining ... BNB Daily  - 22 hours ago Newmont Mining Corp logo Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX reduced its stake in Newmont Mining Corp  by 3.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Two stocks you should always put money on: Newmont Mining Corporation (NEM ... - StockNewsJournal'
p2
aS'Newmont Mining Corporation  Rises 2.82% for April 03 Equities.com - Apr 3, 2017 Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Monday April 03 was Newmont Mining Corporation , popping some 2.82% to a price of $33.89 a share with some 4.68 million shares trading hands.Active Volume Stock: Newmont Mining Corporation  - HugoPressNewmont Mining Corporation performed Very Well with a change of 0.35% in the ... - Free Observer'
p3
aS'Newmont Mining Corporation  Has Revealed It All In Its Chart NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 The technicals for Newmont Mining Corporation  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p4
aS'Newmont Mining Corp  Receives Consensus Recommendation of &quot;Buy&quot; from ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 13, 2017 Newmont Mining Corp logo Newmont Mining Corp  has been assigned a consensus recommendation of Buy from the twenty-one analysts that are currently covering the firm.Sizling Stock Update: Newmont Mining Corporation  - HugoPress'
p5
aS"Newmont Mining Corporation  Dips 2.68% for March 28 Equities.com - Mar 28, 2017 Among the S&amp;P 500's biggest fallers on Tuesday March 28 was Newmont Mining Corporation . The stock experienced a 2.68% decline to $33.00 with 7.3 million shares changing hands.Hot Stock Update: Newmont Mining Corporation  - HugoPressJefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Newmont Mining Corp  - BNB Daily "
p6
aS'Newmont Mining Corp  Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.13 The Cerbat Gem - Apr 8, 2017 Newmont Mining Corp logo Media stories about Newmont Mining Corp  have trended somewhat positive on Saturday, according to Alpha One.Newmont Mining Corporation added 1.5% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free ObserverHighly Traded Stock: Newmont Mining Corporation  - HugoPress'
p7
aS'Newmont Mining Corp  Lowered to Sell at Clarkson Capital The Cerbat Gem - Mar 27, 2017 Newmont Mining Corp  was downgraded by investment analysts at Clarkson Capital from a neutral rating to a sell rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday.'
p8
aS'Analysts Upgrade Barrick, Goldcorp, Downgrade Newmont Mining Yahoo Finance - Mar 20, 2017 The Royal Bank of Canada  released new ratings for Barrick Gold Corp. , Goldcorp Inc.  and Newmont Mining Corp.  with new target prices last Thursday. Barrick Gold has been upgraded by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from Sector&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Decision Time: Newmont Mining Corporation  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - Apr 9, 2017 Decision Time: Newmont Mining Corporation  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p10
a.