(lp0
S'Energy Systems Group to Upgrade Infrastructure at Naval Base Coronado Marketwired  - Mar 22, 2017 &quot;We are honored to support the United States Navy by installing new energy infrastructure that will directly impact the important mission of Naval Base Coronado,&quot; said Steve Spanbauer, senior vice president of Energy Systems Group. &quot;ESG will be&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Chetan Maini plans new venture The Hindu - Apr 12, 2017 Chetan Maini, founder of electric vehicle Reva, on Wednesday announced that he had joined hands with Sun New Energy Systems, investment company of the Sun Group to launch his new venture Sun Mobility. The new company will focus on the booming&nbsp;...Maini brothers are back on road with a smart battery plan for electric vehicles - ETtech.come-car pioneer Chetan Maini's venture to power up EV use - Hindu Business Line"
p2
aS'South Australia launches new clean energy plan to combat grid black-out issues The Climate Group - Mar 20, 2017 South Australia launches new clean energy plan to combat grid black-out issues. Author: ... The state has now released a new energy plan to improve energy security and continue its journey towards a cleaner energy system. ... Libby Ferguson, States ...'
p3
aS"ENN Group becomes MIT Energy Initiative member to advance energy storage ... MIT News - Apr 13, 2017 Recognizing the critical need for scalable energy storage solutions to develop regional energy systems in China, ENN Group of China has joined the MIT Energy Initiative  to advance research in this area. With a ... ENN's depth of experience in ..."
p4
aS"How solar became world's best hope for post-fossil fuel energy system RenewEconomy - 8 hours ago The enormous fall in silicon solar panel prices at the beginning of the decade was, according to Professor Barnham, mainly down to Chinese government and investors funding bigger production lines and new supply chains. The US Department of Energy ..."
p5
aS'New collaboration sparks Energy Catapult The Business Desk - Mar 21, 2017 The Birmingham-based Energy Systems Catapult and the trade body representing the interests of trade associations in the energy and power industry have signed a new collaboration agreement. The former declaration between the catapult and BEAMA&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'The end of coal: EU energy companies pledge no new plants from 2020 The Guardian - Apr 5, 2017 Brian Ricketts, the secretary-general of the Euracoal trade group said: Steam engines were replaced by something better,cheaper and more productive - electric motors and diesel engines.'
p7
aS"FUCHS makes 'multi-million pound investment' in new Hanley HQ Stoke Sentinel - 6 hours ago The new, energy-efficient facility, which has been built directly next to the company's old head office, boasts a research and development technical centre, meeting rooms and offices as well as LED lighting, climate control systems and insulation. And ..."
p8
aS"VW aims to meet tough China green car quotas, no plan to buy credits Daily Mail - 4 hours ago China has aggressively promoted plug-in hybrid and battery electric cars, dubbed 'new energy vehicles', to fight urban smog but is gradually phasing out subsidies in favor of hard requirements like quotas.Volkswagen aims to meet tough China green car quotas, no plan to buy credits - ETAuto.com"
p9
aS"How the six-hour workday actually saves organisations money The Independent - 1 hour ago Yet, there are longer term savings the study didn't take into account. Working shorter hours resulted in healthier workers, researcher Bengt Lorentzon found in a new paper. They were less tired, less sick, had more energy coming home and more time to ..."
p10
a.