(lp0
S'Newport Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2015 Results PR Newswire  - Feb 23, 2016 IRVINE, Calif., Feb. 23, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Newport Corporation  today reported financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended January 2, 2016.MKS Instruments to Buy Newport Corp. for $897 Million in Cash - Wall Street JournalMKS Instruments  to Acquire Newport Corporation  in ~$980M Deal - StreetInsider.com'
p1
aS"MKS Instruments Announces Closing of Acquisition of Newport Corporation GlobeNewswire  - Apr 29, 2016 We're excited by the combination of MKS Instruments and Newport Corporation, as it creates a premier supplier of critical components and subsystems for a diverse set of end markets, from semiconductor to life sciences, each with a common need for ..."
p2
aS'Equity in Focus as Analysts Weigh in - Newport Corporation  The Herald - 3 hours ago Out of the N/A covering sell-side analysts giving share ratings for Newport Corporation , N/A have pegged the stock as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have rated the stock a Buy.'
p3
aS'Fire service attending scene of take-away blaze in Newport South Wales Argus - Apr 13, 2017 Published by Newsquest Wales, a division of Newsquest  Limited, with trading address at Cardiff Road, Newport NP20 3QN. Newsquest  Ltd, is registered in England and Wales at Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Chief Scientist Optics.org - Apr 13, 2017 In Addition, Newport has built a strong history of partnering with OEM customers delivering solutions from sub assemblies to full solutions including design, testing and manufacturing.'
p5
aS'Analyst Tracker: Newport Corporation  in Focus The Herald - Apr 5, 2017 Out of the N/A covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for Newport Corporation , N/A have shares listed as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have the stock rated a Buy.'
p6
aS'What Are Analysts Recommending on Newport Corporation ? The Herald - Apr 5, 2017 Out of the N/A covering sell-side analysts giving share ratings for Newport Corporation , N/A have pegged the stock as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have rated the stock a Buy.'
p7
aS'LIVE UPDATES: Fire service attending scene of take-away blaze in Newport South Wales Argus - Apr 13, 2017 Published by Newsquest Wales, a division of Newsquest  Limited, with trading address at Cardiff Road, Newport NP20 3QN. Newsquest  Ltd, is registered in England and Wales at Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'AK Steel Holding Corporation: AK Steel CEO Roger Newport Named AIST Steelmaker ... The Wall Street Transcript - 18 hours ago AIST said that Mr. Newport is being recognized for his strategic and dynamic leadership at AK Steel, engaging and empowering employees to drive innovation, quality, safety, environmental stewardship, and productivity.'
p9
aS'5 things we learned from Newport County 1 Yeovil Town 0 South Wales Argus - Apr 15, 2017 A season-high home crowd for a League Two match of nearly 3,400 proves that Michael Flynn has got the supporters believing once again and there were so many trying to get in that many missed the kick-off as queues reached Corporation Road. It was a&nbsp;...'
p10
a.