(lp0
S'Blue Nile Inc. to Go Private Motley Fool - Nov 7, 2016 The news that Blue Nile has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by an investor group comprised of funds managed by Bain Capital Private Equity and Bow Street LLC for roughly $500 million came as the retailer posted weaker sales results ...Blue Nile Enters Into Definitive Agreement to be Acquired by Bain Capital ... - GlobeNewswire '
p1
aS'Blue Nile Inc  Position Cut by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY The Cerbat Gem - 20 hours ago Blue Nile logo Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY decreased its stake in shares of Blue Nile Inc  by 4.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Decreases Position in Blue Nile Inc  - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS"Blue Nile Inc. Ends Its Sales Slide Motley Fool - Aug 9, 2016 Online jeweler Blue Nile  posted second-quarter earnings results this week that showed continued weakness in demand -- with hints of a coming rebound.Blue Nile's  CEO Harvey Kanter on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS"Shares Plunge as Blue Nile Inc Reins In Its Growth Outlook for 2016 Motley Fool - Feb 11, 2016 Blue Nile plans to double down on the sales initiatives that have been working well, including its Webroom concept, which allows customers in select cities to try jewelry on in person before making their purchases.Blue Nile Announces First of Up to Four New Webrooms - GlobeNewswire A diamond may be a girl's best friend, but Blue Nile isn't: Shares sink more ... - GeekWire"
p4
aS"Blue Nile Inc. Earnings Fall on Engagement Jewelry Pullback Motley Fool - May 5, 2016 Online jeweler Blue Nile  posted first-quarter earnings results on Thursday that didn't do much to change the narrative of a retailer struggling to find growth in a weak selling environment."
p5
aS'Why Blue Nile Inc Stock Soared 18% in August Motley Fool - Sep 7, 2016 The jump helped push the stock back into positive territory over the last 12 months. Shares are also up a scorching 50% from the recent low set in May.'
p6
aS"Why Blue Nile Inc. Stock Plunged 25% in February Motley Fool - Mar 9, 2016 What: Shares of online jewelry retailer Blue Nile  sank 25% in February, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, leaving shareholders trailing the broader market over the last year (the stock had been trouncing ...It's All About the Ring - National Retail Federation"
p7
aS"Blue Nile Inc. And King Solomon's Mines Seeking Alpha - Jan 13, 2014 Blue Nile Inc. sells quality jewelry and diamonds at low prices on the Internet. The company began in 1995 when Doug Williams of Williams &amp; Son Inc. of Seattle started a website to sell diamonds online."
p8
aS'Blue Nile Inc. Earnings: Strong Profits, Weak Sales Motley Fool - May 8, 2015 Blue Nile managed higher profitability despite a sales mix that tilted toward those lower-margin jewelry items. Gross profit rose to 18.8% of sales from 18.4% a year ago.'
p9
aS'Blue Nile: The Tiffany Of The Internet? Seeking Alpha - Jun 13, 2016 Blue Nile boasts a strong position in engagement rings with longstanding supply relationships, high-end brand positioning, and a low cost structure relative to brick-and-mortar peers.'
p10
a.