(lp0
S'Market: The Dumont &amp; Blake Investment Advisors LLC Has $352000 Position in ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 3, 2017 Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Balentine LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Annaly Capital Management during the second quarter valued at approximately $105,000. Mizuho Asset Management Co.'
p1
aS"Risk Analysis For Annaly Capital Management's 11% Yield Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 The adjustable rates mortgages represent a material portion of the total portfolio. The flatter curve has been a problem for these securities.Annaly Capital Management, Inc. closed with a change of 0.35% in the Previous ... - Free ObserverTraders Secrets on Halliburton Company , Annaly Capital Management, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS"Annaly Capital Management's Business Model Is In Jeopardy Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 As short-term rates increase, the company's ability to earn &quot;free money&quot; based on a maturity spread decreases. The stock is doing fine since the company's book value provides a floor."
p3
aS'Annaly Capital Management, Inc. closed with a change of 0.87% in the Previous ... Free Observer - 16 hours ago The stock added in the prior trading session by 0.87%, closing at the stock price of $11.63. Currently, the market capitalization of Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  is 11.85 Billion. NLY has a 1-year high price of $ 11.56 and 1-year low price of ...Stock within Traders Limelight: Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  - StandardOracleLatest figures makes these Stock Even More Attractive: Annaly Capital ... - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS"Annaly Capital: Buy It When It's Cold, Not When It's Hot Seeking Alpha - Apr 3, 2017 Mortgage REIT Annaly Capital Management, Inc.'s  shares hit a new high at the end of March. As a result, Annaly Capital is now priced at approximately book value, making an investment in the mortgage real estate investment trust increasingly&nbsp;...Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  Has Just Revealed This From The Technicals - NY Stock NewsAnnaly Capital Management, Inc. added 0.9% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free Observer"
p5
aS"Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  : Checking the Chart The USA Commerce - 17 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Annaly Capital Management, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p6
aS'Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  Is Making A Strong Argument Through Its ... NY Stock News - Apr 10, 2017 The technicals for Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p7
aS"Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  is a mortgage real estate investment trust . The Company's principal business objectives are to generate net income for distribution to its stockholders from its investments and capital preservation.Notable Stock within Analysts Radar: Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  - StandardOracleEarnings Clues on Starbucks Corporation , Annaly Capital Management, Inc ... - StockNewsJournal"
p8
aS"Top Trending Stock within Traders Spotlight: Annaly Capital Management, Inc.'s ... WsNews 4investors - 21 hours ago Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  stock price distance from twenty day simple moving average surged at 5.00% while its distance from fifty day simple moving average raised 8.69% along with 15.74% above distance from two hundred simple moving&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"The Chart Readings For Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  Are In NY Stock News - Apr 14, 2017 Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics.Overbuying Stock under Radar: Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  - Post RegistrarBLB&amp;B Advisors LLC Has $642000 Stake in Annaly Capital Management, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives"
p10
a.