(lp0
S'Highlighting Recommendations on National Penn Bancshares, Inc.  The Herald - 8 hours ago Equity research firms covering public U.S companies have a workforce of analysts dedicating their time covering the most popular stocks.'
p1
aS'BB&amp;T to acquire National Penn Bancshares, Inc. PR Newswire  - Aug 18, 2015 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- BB&amp;T Corporation  and National Penn Bancshares, Inc.  announced today the signing of a definitive agreement under which BB&amp;T will acquire National Penn in a cash and stock transaction for total&nbsp;...National Penn Bancshares  Stock Climbing After $1.8 Billion Purchase by BB&amp;T - TheStreet.comAllentown-based National Penn acquired by megabank BB&amp;T - Allentown Morning Call'
p2
aS'National Penn Bank officially acquired in $1.8 billion deal Allentown Morning Call - Apr 4, 2016 A National Penn Bank logo hangs atop Two City Center in Allentown. The offices that have been have been National Penn Bancshares headquarters will become a regional hub as part of a $1.8 acquisition of the Allentown-based bank by BB&amp;T Corp.BB&amp;T Corp.  Announces Completion of National Penn Bancshares Acquisition - StreetInsider.comBB&amp;T closes on acquisition of National Penn - Charlotte Observer'
p3
aS'National Penn Bancshares to settle shareholder lawsuit over $1.8 billion BB&amp;T ... Allentown Morning Call - Nov 18, 2015 National Penn Bancshares says it plans to settle a shareholder lawsuit that challenges whether the bankholding company adequately shopped for the best deal before agreeing to be acquired by BB&amp;T Corp.'
p4
aS"National Penn Bancshares Is Merging Into BB&amp;T: What Should A Shareholder Do? Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2016 Because BB&amp;T's  merger with National Penn is expected to close on or about April 1, 2016, there is not much time left to wait."
p5
aS'BB&amp;T announces election and allocation results relating to the acquisition of ... PR Newswire  - Apr 6, 2016 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C., April 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- BB&amp;T Corporation  today announced the results of elections made by shareholders of National Penn Bancshares, Inc.  as to the form of merger consideration they desired&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"National Penn Bancshares holds grand opening at new Allentown headquarters The Express-Times - Apr 22, 2014 For the first time in nearly 35 years, a bank has established its headquarters in the city of Allentown. More than 500 people today attended the grand opening and ribbon-cutting of National Penn Bancshares' new headquarters in the 11-story Two City ...National Penn Appoints Chief Legal Officer - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Closing time nears for National Penn acquisition Allentown Morning Call - Jan 21, 2016 ALLENTOWN - The $1.8 billion acquisition of National Penn Bancshares by BB&amp;T Corp. has a closing date three months earlier than initially projected.BB&amp;T, National Penn Announce Expected Closing Date and Election Deadline for ... - PR Newswire Revenues up, but profits slide for BB&amp;T in fourth quarter - Triad Business Journal'
p8
aS"Questions raised in National Penn per-share price offered investors Allentown Morning Call - Aug 24, 2015 s planned $1.8 billion takeover of Allentown-based National Penn Bancshares Inc., the shareholder value of the deal has become a subject for debate.BB&amp;T Buy Signals More Mid-Sized Bank M&amp;A - Barron'sBB&amp;T approaches $250 billion asset threshold with caution - Winston-Salem Journal"
p9
aS'BB&amp;T cutting 241 National Penn jobs Allentown Morning Call - May 17, 2016 A National Penn Bank logo hangs atop Two City Center in Allentown. BB&amp;T Corp., which has acquired National Penn Bancshares Inc., said Tuesday 241 National Penn employees will lose their jobs because of the merger. (HARRY FISHER / MORNING&nbsp;...BB&amp;T to cut 241 jobs at recently acquired National Penn Bank - LancasterOnlineBB&amp;T to lay off 241 former National Penn employees - Philadelphia Business Journal'
p10
a.