(lp0
S'Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts ... The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Nationstar Mortgage Holdings logo Wedbush assumed coverage on shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  in a report released on Monday.The Top Three Holders Of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  - Post AnalystNationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Rating Reiterated by Instinet - BBNS'
p1
aS'Nationstar Establishes Subservicing Relationship with New Residential Business Wire  - Jan 30, 2017 DALLAS----Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.   announced today that it has entered into a subservicing agreement with New Residential Mortgage LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New Residential Investment&nbsp;...Citi to Exit Mortgage Servicing, Sell $97 Billion Portfolio - BloombergCitigroup Says Goodbye to Mortgage Servicing - DSNews.com'
p2
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc Implied ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p3
aS"Nationstar Mortgage Holdings'  CEO Jay Bray on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - May 4, 2016 Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].Nationstar Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire "
p4
aS"Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 28 Equities.com - Mar 28, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 28, as the stock gained 5.85% to close at $15.93.Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings ... - The USA CommerceNationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Instinet - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS'CFO Moves: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings, Entercom Communications, China Mobile Wall Street Journal   - Mar 23, 2017 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc., a Coppell, Texas, residential-mortgage service provider, announced the appointment of Amar Patel as executive vice president and chief financial officer on an interim basis, effective March 20.Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 23 - Equities.comBuy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM ... - StockNewsJournal'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  versus United ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .UPDATE 1-Nationstar Mortgage to pay $1.75 mln over loan reporting flaws -CFPB - ReutersConsumer Financial Protection Bureau takes action against Nationstar Mortgage ... - CUinsight.com '
p7
aS'Seneca Mortgage Servicing Awards Nationstar $50 Billion Subservicing Business Wire  - Jun 15, 2016 DALLAS----Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.  has been selected by Seneca Mortgage Servicing LLC  as the subservicer for existing and future acquisitions of mortgage servicing rights  held by Seneca.'
p8
aS'CFPB Imposes Largest HMDA Fine To Date Against Nationstar Mortgage Banker & Tradesman - Mar 20, 2017 Nationstar, a nationwide non-bank mortgage lender headquartered in Coppell, Texas, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. With nearly 3 million customers, Nationstar Mortgage Holdings is a major participant in the mortgage&nbsp;...Robbins Arroyo LLP Is Investigating the Officers and Directors of Nationstar ... - MilTechBrokers Release Average Price Target Of 21.19 On Nationstar Mortgage Holdings ... - UK Market News'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: BofI Holding Inc  versus Nationstar Mortgage ... CML News - Apr 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for BofI Holding Inc  versus Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  .Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  Receives $16.81 Consensus PT from Analysts - The Cerbat GemInsider Trading at Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc? - BBNS'
p10
a.