(lp0
S'Aurora Capital Group Completes Acquisition of National Technical Systems, Inc. PR Newswire  - Nov 22, 2013 LOS ANGELES and CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 22, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Aurora Capital Group , a Los Angeles-based private equity firm with over $2 billion of assets under management, and National Technical Systems, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p1
aS"National Technical Systems acquires Wyle Labs testing business in Huntsville ... al.com - Mar 19, 2014 A news release announcing the acquisition said NTS Huntsville is the largest independent environmental testing lab in the country and serves the aerospace, defense, nuclear and voting systems industries. The acquisition of the three facilities will ...National Technical Systems Announces Acquisition of Wyle Laboratories' Testing ... - PR Newswire National Technical Systems Acquires Wyle Laboratories in Huntsville, California - whnt.com"
p2
aS'National Technical Systems Shareholders Approve Merger Agreement Proposal at ... PR Newswire  - Nov 19, 2013 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 19, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc.  , a leading provider of testing and engineering services, today announced that its shareholders overwhelmingly approved the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'National Technical Systems Announces the Acquisition of Trace Laboratories PR Newswire  - Feb 26, 2015 CALABASAS, Calif., CHICAGO and BALTIMORE, Feb. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States,&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'National Technical Systems - Investors Have Landed The Sweet Spot Seeking Alpha - Aug 20, 2013 Investors in National Technical Systems  already had a great run, but received icing on the cake after the company agreed to sell itself to private equity firm Aurora Capital Group. Investors who have done their research into this&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'NTS Hires Dr. Vicki Panhuise as President, Testing PR Newswire  - Nov 9, 2015 CALABASAS, Calif., Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, announced today that it has ...'
p6
aS'NTS Announces Acquisition of Chesapeake Testing PR Web  - May 16, 2016 National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, announced today that it has acquired Chesapeake Testing Services (Chesapeake ...'
p7
aS'NTS Adds Reverberation Chamber Test Capabilities at Five US Laboratories PR Web  - Jul 24, 2016 National Technical Systems, Inc. , the leading independent provider of environmental simulation testing, inspection, and certification solutions in the United States, is pleased to announce the completion of the expansion of its EMI testing ...'
p8
aS"NTS expands testing services in Quebec Electronic Products & Technology - Apr 14, 2017 Montreal-based National Technical Systems  has added two new locations to its test family, including Laboratoire d'Essais Fiarex Inc. in Chambly QC and Laboratoire d'Essais CEM Inc. in Boucherville QC. Both facilities become part of the firm's&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'National Technical Information Service Names Booz Allen Hamilton among Initial ... Business Wire  - Apr 10, 2017 To provide organizations with the kind of agile project execution and technical innovation not available through typical contracts, the U.S.'
p10
a.