(lp0
S"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : What The Whitebox Agreement Tells Us Insider Financial - Mar 13, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  has been a real tough stock to hold over the last couple of years. It's fallen prey to aggressive short sell type manipulation.Stock Recent Trading Summary: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - Is storiesNorthwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. : Important Trade and Target Levels To Watch - Post Analyst"
p1
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Just Gave Us The Update We Were ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 For a long time, we've kept Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  on our radar. The company has been one of the hardest stocks to read over the last eighteen months, rooted in a clinical hold on its lead asset, and sentiment surrounding its&nbsp;...Northwest Bio Spikes on Lifting of Clinical Hold  - Investopedia"
p2
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Raises Again: Here's Our Take Insider Financial - Mar 20, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  just announced a registered direct offering, and the company is down more than 50% on the news.More Bad News for Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  Shares - Street RegisterStock under Discussion: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - StandardOracle"
p3
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc : Here's Our Take On The Latest Update Insider Financial - Nov 18, 2016 Well, here's one for the books. Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  just put out a fresh press release, updating markets as to the progress of its operations."
p4
aS"Short Data Recap for: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago Based on the latest filings with the SEC, investors are looking at Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving.Northwest Biotherapeutics  Earning Very Favorable News Coverage ... - Sports Perspectives"
p5
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc  Is About To Turnaround Insider Financial - Dec 14, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  shareholders have been waiting for some level of insight into its brain cancer trial for more than twelve months.'
p6
aS'Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc : Heading For A Reversal? Insider Financial - Oct 4, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  is grabbing headlines again. The company put out some data at the end of September purporting to a phase 1 trial of its DCVax-Direct treatment, and response has been mixed.'
p7
aS"Here's the Scoop on Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  The Oracle Dispatch - Mar 30, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc  a biotechnology company developing DCVax personalized immune therapies for solid tumor cancers, today announced that yesterday it closed on the $7.5 million financing it announced last Friday, March&nbsp;...WOODFORD INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LTD is the biggest holder of Northwest ... - Post AnalystBetween The Numbers: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc. , Cerecor Inc.  - USA Commerce Daily"
p8
aS"NORTHWEST BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Apr 7, 2017 Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  has received shareholder inquiries asking for re-confirmation that the partial hold on screening for enrollment in the Company's Phase III trial was lifted as described in the Company's prior announcement ...Stable Stock: Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.  - StandardOracleMonitor the Current Moves of Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.'s  stock ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p9
aS"Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  Signs Of Recovery? The Oracle Dispatch - Sep 22, 2016 Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc.  is finally showing signs of strength in the past month. This very well could be a dead cat bounce for a stock that's been beat up until recently.Stock Update : Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc Presents Updated ... - Smarter Analyst"
p10
a.