(lp0
S"New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  Has Finally Shown Its Full Hand Via ... NY Stock News - 16 hours ago New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics.New York Community Bancorp Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free ObserverConsiderable Analyst Ratings: New York Community Bancorp, Inc.'s  - Is stories"
p1
aS"Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On New York Community Bancorp And Tractor Supply Benzinga - Apr 12, 2017 On CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer spoke about New York Community Bancorp, Inc. . He said he wouldn't sell the stock at its current price level, but it needs an increase in interest rates to trade higher.What New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  Is Telling Investors Via Its ... - NY Stock NewsStock Jumping Abnormally High: New York Community Bancorp Inc.  - HugoPress"
p2
aS'Why New York Community Bancorp Is Getting Crushed by Other Bank Stocks Motley Fool - Feb 24, 2017 Over the past two decades, New York Community Bancorp  developed something of a cult following among dividend investors and bank stock aficionados.Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Bioverativ Inc. , New York ... - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS"Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On New York Community Bancorp And Boeing Benzinga - Mar 23, 2017 On CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer said he wouldn't sell New York Community Bancorp, Inc. . He explained that investors are selling banks, because they think interest rates aren't going higher.Receive a High-Yield For Your Deposit at NYCB - Seeking AlphaNew York Community Bancorp Inc. subtracted -1.13% in its Stock Price in the ... - Free Observer"
p4
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 2, 2017 New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 03, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.17 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 22, 2017.'
p5
aS'Dudley suggests raising SIFI threshold Seeking Alpha - Apr 7, 2017 FRBNY President Bill Dudley tells an audience that the Dodd-Frank $50B asset threshold for bank SIFI designation could be &quot;raised significantly&quot; without unduly boosting risks for the financial system.'
p6
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  Is Making A Strong Argument Through ... NY Stock News - Apr 3, 2017 The technicals for New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p7
aS'Trend Indicator Update on New York Community Bancorp Inc  Rives Journal - Apr 16, 2017 Taking a quick look at technical levels and trend lines for New York Community Bancorp Inc , we see that the stock has a 14-day ADX of 34.56.'
p8
aS'New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  Makes Compelling Case Using Its ... NY Stock News - Apr 5, 2017 New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.New York Community Bancorp Inc. performed Poor with a change of -1.24% in the ... - Free ObserverStephens Initiates Coverage on New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS"The Bears And Bulls Square Off On New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  NY Stock News - Apr 10, 2017 New York Community Bancorp, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.