(lp0
S"Owens Corning: Raise the Roof Barron's - Apr 3, 2017 We are upgrading shares of Owens Corning to Outperform from Neutral and raising our price target to $72 from $58. Weather is normalizing, consumer confidence is rising, inflation is returning and the residential housing market is better than last year.Owens Corning  Upgraded by Wedbush to Outperform - The Cerbat GemBroker's Roundup on: Owens Corning  - Post Registrar"
p1
aS"Owens Corning Can't Cut $2B Asbestos Payout From Taxes Law360  - Apr 5, 2017 Law360, Dallas  -- Manufacturer Owens Corning can't deduct from its business taxes a $2.2 billion payment made as part of an asbestos product liability settlement, a Texas appellate court held Wednesday, rejecting an ..."
p2
aS'Crews contain fire at Owens Corning plant in Newark NBC4i.com - Mar 26, 2017 NEWARK, OH  - The Newark Division of Fire says a fire at the Owens Corning building on Case Avenue has been contained.'
p3
aS'Owens Corning to build on help for vets within Toledo area Toledo Blade - Mar 25, 2017 Owens Corning said Friday it will expand its longstanding partnership with Habitat for Humanity to focus on reroofing the homes of as many as 150 military veterans across the United States.'
p4
aS'Wedbush Upgrades Owens Corning  to Outperform; Tailwinds Seen StreetInsider.com - Mar 31, 2017 Wedbush upgraded Owens Corning  from Neutral to Outperform with a price target of $72.00 . Analyst Al Kaschalk sees a better 2nd-half for comps and underlying EPS growth with weather normalizing, consumer confidence rising,&nbsp;...Analyst Upgrades  Owens Corning  Stock Gets Upgraded By Wedbush from ... - Market ExclusiveOwens Corning : Consumer Confidence Is Rising - Smrt Stck Nws'
p5
aS"Jefferies Reiterates Buy on Owens Corning  Following Investor Meetings StreetInsider.com - Mar 23, 2017 Jefferies reiterated a Buy rating and $71.00 price target on Owens Corning  following the company's investor meetings.Owens Corning and Habitat for Humanity Partner with US Veterans in National ... - Yahoo FinanceAnalytical Guide for Owens Corning , Gogo Inc.  Stakeholders - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS"Owens Corning : Raising PT - KeyBanc StreetInsider.com - Mar 22, 2017 KeyBanc analyst, Kenneth Zener, reiterated his Overweight rating on shares of Owens Corning  and raised his price target to $70 on the belief that OC's Insulation business is poised to deliver substantial EBIT leverage on a combination of ..."
p7
aS'Owens Corning  Given Consensus Rating of &quot;Hold&quot; by Brokerages Markets Daily - 5 hours ago Owens Corning logo Owens Corning  has been given a consensus rating of Hold by the twenty-two ratings firms that are currently covering the firm.Owens Corning  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research - BNB Daily Owens Corning  Research Coverage Started at Nomura - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS"Broadcom, Micron, Owens Corning Upgraded Schaeffers Research  - Mar 31, 2017 Analysts are weighing in on semiconductor stocks Broadcom Ltd  and Micron Technology, Inc. , as well as fiberglass firm Owens Corning . Here's a quick roundup of today's bullish brokerage notes on shares of&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'First Week of November 17th Options Trading For Owens Corning  Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 Investors in Owens Corning  saw new options begin trading this week, for the November 17th expiration. One of the key data points that goes into the price an option buyer is willing to pay, is the time value, so with 241 days until ...'
p10
a.