(lp0
S"Office Depot releases its 2017 Diverse Supplier Catalog EPR Retail News  - 6 hours ago BOCA RATON, Fla., 2017-Apr-18 - /EPR Retail News/ - Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today  announced the release of the company's 2017 Diverse Supplier Catalog.Highly Traded Stock: Office Depot, Inc.  - HugoPressIf You Lack Direction On Office Depot, Inc. , You Need to Read This - USA Commerce Daily"
p1
aS"Office Depot, Inc. Hosts Family-Friendly Slime-Making Demonstrations in Stores ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today announced that all of its Office Depot and OfficeMax stores nationwide will host slime-making demonstrations on Saturday, March 25 from 11 a.m.Office Depot, Inc. subtracted -1.56% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free ObserverWhat Propelled Office Depot's Shares in Past Six Months? - Zacks.com"
p2
aS'Why Is Office Depot  Down 4.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? Nasdaq - Apr 3, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Office Depot, Inc. ODP . Shares have lost about 4.2% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Office Depot Inc  Shares Get Some Traction - The Oracle DispatchOffice Depot, Inc. performed Poor with a change of -2.49% in the Last Trade - Free Observer'
p3
aS'Office Depot Reaches Analyst Target Price Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2017 In recent trading, shares of Office Depot, Inc.  have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $4.68, changing hands for $4.69/share.'
p4
aS'Staples explores sale after failed Office Depot deal MarketWatch - Apr 4, 2017 Staples Inc. is exploring a sale, less than a year after its effort to merge with rival retailer Office Depot Inc. failed on antitrust grounds.Office supplies retailer Staples explores sale - sources - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"Former OfficeMax executives to leave Office Depot's board of directors South Florida Business Journal - 16 hours ago Warren Bryant and Rakesh Gangwal have opted out of re-election to Office Depot Inc.'s board of directors, according to a regulatory filing posted Monday."
p6
aS'Office Depot, Inc.  And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling Picture NY Stock News - 20 hours ago Office Depot, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p7
aS"Important Analyst Earnings Estimates about stock: Office Depot, Inc.'s  Is stories - 22 hours ago Office Depot, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -2.31% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 4.65. The company's last traded volume of 2.67 million shares was more it's an average volume of 5.37 million shares."
p8
aS"Traders Secrets on Office Depot, Inc. , MGIC Investment Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Office Depot, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 18.84 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at 8 ..."
p9
aS'Office Depot, Inc. Partners with Silverback Learning Solutions Business Wire  - Mar 20, 2017 BOCA RATON, Fla.----Office Depot, Inc. , a leading global provider of office products, services, and solutions, today announced a partnership with Silverback Learning Solutions, a pioneering K-12 education technology&nbsp;...'
p10
a.