(lp0
S'Orion Lighting: An Opportunity Not To Be Missed Seeking Alpha - Mar 31, 2017 Orion Energy Systems &quot;Orion Lighting&quot;  is a designer and manufacturer of lighting, with a focus on high-quality, energy-efficient fixtures and systems. It is notable for its plunging share price following its IPO in 2007, as well as its ...Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment ... - The Cerbat GemOrion Energy Systems, Inc.  Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Community Financial News'
p1
aS'Orion Energy Systems: Clear Vision For Big Growth In LED Lighting Seeking Alpha - Nov 21, 2016 Anyone familiar with the history of Orion Energy Systems  has known the company to be a huge disappointment to investors since its IPO in 2007, as the chart below illustrates.'
p2
aS'Orion Energy Systems: The Market Is Sleeping On Rapid Growth And Imminent ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 In a time where many companies seem more interested in short-term stock price movement than long-term value creation, Orion Energy Systems  breaks that mold. A few years ago, Orion took a risk and drastically changed its long-term ...Orion Energy Systems Wins Wisconsin Manufacturer of the Year Market ... - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Furniture Manufacturer Sees Savings of Nearly 80% from Lighting Retrofit with ... Business Wire  - Apr 12, 2017 MANITOWOC, Wis.----Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  , a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, energy-efficient LED retrofit lighting platforms, was selected by a major U.S.Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemOrion Energy Systems, Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment ... - Sports Perspectives'
p4
aS"Orion Energy Systems: Micro-Cap Ready To Breakout Seeking Alpha - Nov 10, 2016 Orion's last two quarters have been great, yet the stock has not reflected this and remains dramatically undervalued. LED Lighting segment has now grown to the point where declines in the company's legacy fluorescent business no longer matter. Orion ..."
p5
aS"Orion Energy Systems'  CEO John Scribante on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Orion Energy Systems Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all ... Except as described in these filings, the company disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.Orion touts domestic manufacturing advantage - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel"
p6
aS"Session Recap: Viewing Unusual Volume for Orion Energy Systems, Inc  The Herald - 9 hours ago Orion Energy Systems, Inc  stock is experiencing unusual volume during today's trading. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $1.84."
p7
aS'Orion Energy Systems: My Best Pick For 2016 Seeking Alpha - Jan 17, 2016 While the author has written several articles on Orion Energy Systems , the current article is being submitted in the Seeking Alpha 2016 contest: &quot;Your Top Long Idea for 2016&quot; which will track the performance of the shares for the ...'
p8
aS'Orion Energy Systems Launches Game-Changing LED Retrofit Products Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2016 Termed the LDRE  and LDRM , the new items achieve a full fixture retrofit within a one-minute installation time.'
p9
aS'Orion Energy Systems  Appointed Lighting Manufacturer for Major Regional ... StreetInsider.com - Jul 5, 2016 Orion Energy Systems, Inc.  today announced that is has been appointed as the lighting manufacturer for a major regional retailer with over 700 locations.Orion Energy Systems adding assembly lines, employees after winning retail ... - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p10
a.