(lp0
S"Orbital Sciences: The quiet company in Musk's shadow CNBC - Oct 29, 2014 Americans might be surprised to learn that NASA didn't just hire one private contractor, SpaceX, to ferry supplies to the International Space Station.Private Orbital Sciences Rocket Explodes During Launch, NASA Cargo Lost - Space.com"
p1
aS'Orbital ATK: Cargo Ships to the ISS Space.com - Jan 28, 2013 Orbital ATK is one of two private companies that currently hold a contract with NASA to fly unmanned cargo missions to the International Space Station.'
p2
aS"ATK to merge with Orbital Sciences in $5 billion deal, spin off sports division Washington Post - Apr 29, 2014 The move is mutually beneficial, company executives said, as ATK looks to bolster its aerospace business and Orbital Sciences hopes to boost the scale of its existing operations as well as gain a foothold in the defense sector. The separation of ATK's ...Orbital Sciences Soars Out of Musk's Shadow in Space Race - BloombergOrbital Sciences and Alliant Techsystems to merge, spin off sports unit - Washington Business Journal "
p3
aS"Orbital ATK, Merger of Orbital Sciences and ATK, Begins Operations Space.com - Feb 11, 2015 Orbital ATK formed from the merger of Orbital Sciences Corp. and the Aerospace and Defense groups of Alliant Techsystems Inc. , in a deal that was announced last April.Orbital Sciences Closes Merger with ATK's Aerospace, Defense Groups - GovConWireOrbital, ATK complete aerospace merger - Washington Business Journal "
p4
aS'NASA says Orbital Sciences Corp. can launch its Antares rocket to the ... WPTV - Apr 17, 2013 ATLANTIC, Va. -- NASA says a private company can conduct a test launch this week of an unmanned rocket intended to help eventual supply runs to the International Space Station.Antares conducts a flawless maiden launch - NASASpaceflight.com'
p5
aS"ATK Stockholders Approve the Issuance of Shares to Orbital Sciences ... PR Newswire  - Jan 27, 2015 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Alliant Techsystems Inc.   today announced its stockholders approved the issuance of ATK common stock, par value $0.01 per share, to Orbital Sciences Corporation   stockholders in&nbsp;...Orbital Sciences Corp.'s stockholders approve Feb. 9 merger with ATK - SpaceFlight InsiderOrbital Stockholders Approve Merger With ATK's Aerospace and Defense Groups - Business Wire "
p6
aS'When Orbital Sciences Corp. Warns, Orbital Sciences Stock Burns Motley Fool - Jul 18, 2014 Meanwhile -- and one suspects this is the factor that really spooked the market, and that cost Orbital Sciences stock 4.4% of its market cap yesterday -- the company warned that revenues for the remainder of 2014 will come in lighter than previously ...'
p7
aS'Orbital Sciences: Russian Press Overstate RD-181 Contract Value Space News - Jan 26, 2015 PARIS - Orbital Sciences Corp. expects to take delivery of the first pair of its newly purchased Russian rocket engines in June or July, with a second pair arriving before the end of the year, under a contract whose value Orbital said has been ...'
p8
aS"Orbital Sciences Orders RD-181 Engines for Antares Rocket Space News - Dec 17, 2014 PARIS - Satellite and rocket builder Orbital Sciences Corp. on Dec. 16 confirmed that it has contracted with Russia's Energomash to provide RD-181 engines to power the first stage of Orbital's Antares rocket, replacing the AJ-26 engine, also from ...Antares Upgrade Will Use RD-181s In Direct Buy From Energomash - Aviation WeekAntares rocket will get new Russian RD-181 engines in $1bn deal - RT"
p9
aS"Orbital eyes end of Soviet engines after rocket crash Washington Times - Nov 6, 2014 In this Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014, file photo provided by NASA, the Orbital Sciences Corp. Antares rocket, with the Cygnus spacecraft onboard, explodes moments after launch from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Pad 0A, at NASA's Wallops Flight Facility ...Orbital Sciences to Stop Using Suspect Russian Rocket Engine After Explosion - Space.comTurbo Pump May Have Caused Orbital Sciences' Rocket Explosion - NBCNews.com"
p10
a.