(lp0
S"Why Orbitz Worldwide Can't Compete With Expedia Inc Motley Fool - Jul 4, 2014 While higher travel costs are a tailwind for the entire industry, Orbitz Worldwide is one of the smallest public online travel agencies, resulting in a scale disadvantage."
p1
aS'Expedia, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. PR Newswire  - Sep 17, 2015 BELLEVUE, Wash., Sept. 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Expedia, Inc.  today announced that it has completed its acquisition of Orbitz Worldwide, Inc., including all of its brands and assets, for US$12.00 per share in cash, representing an&nbsp;...Expedia begins integration of Orbitz after deal closes - ReutersExpedia to keep Chicago presence after Orbitz acquisition, CEO says - Chicago Tribune'
p2
aS'A key overview of global online travel company Orbitz Worldwide Market Realist - May 8, 2014 The Chicago-based Orbitz Worldwide Inc.  is a global online travel company  whose brand portfolio includes its namesake website, CheapTickets in the Americas, ebookers in Europe, HotelClub, and RatesToGo in Australia.'
p3
aS'Orbitz Worldwide: Turnaround Story With Multiple Growth Levers Seeking Alpha  - Aug 8, 2014 Orbitz  is a global player in the online travel market, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, with ~1,300 employees worldwide. The company owns and operates leading travel-related websites that offer leisure and business travellers the ability ...'
p4
aS"UPDATE 1-Orbitz Worldwide reports 1st-qtr loss; revenues miss estimates Reuters - May 7, 2015 May 7 Orbitz Worldwide Inc on Thursday reported a quarterly loss, missing analysts' expectations of a profit as a rise in fraudulent transactions added to costs."
p5
aS"Expedia Can't Be Happy as Orbitz Worldwide Limps Toward the Finish Line Skift - Aug 6, 2015 Business as usual is the message that Orbitz Worldwide officials articulate as the company awaits falling into the arms of Expedia Inc. But the in-limbo status of the Chicago-based online travel agency seems to be adversely impacting operations. This ...Expedia-Orbitz Merger Would Short Sheet Consumers, Hotel Group Says - NBCNews.comHotel Industry Assails Expedia-Orbitz Deal - Wall Street Journal"
p6
aS"Saving Extra Firepower For Orbitz Seeking Alpha - May 14, 2015 I have always loved the AC-130. It is something straight out of my childhood imagination, as if a 5-year old boy was handed the Pentagon's budget and told, &quot;just go for it but make it awesome&quot;."
p7
aS'Magnetar Capital Reveals Activist Stake in Orbitz Worldwide Market Realist - Apr 16, 2015 In March 2015, Magnetar Capital purchased 6.27 million shares of Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. , giving the hedge fund a 5.6% stake in the company.'
p8
aS"Orbitz Boost? Cowen &amp; Co's Expedia Price Target Just Skyrocketed To $150 Benzinga - Sep 22, 2015 Cowen &amp; Co's Kevin Kopelman maintained an Outperform rating on the company, while raising the price target from $135 to $150."
p9
aS'Comparing Orbitz Worldwide to its online travel peers like Expedia Market Realist - May 8, 2014 We compared Orbitz Worldwide Inc.  with its peers Expedia , The Priceline Group , the China-based Ctrip.com International , and TripAdvisor  in the OTA  space.'
p10
a.