(lp0
S'Mateon Therapeutics Reviews 2016 Highlights and Reports 2016 Financial Results GlobeNewswire  - Mar 30, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 30, 2017  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, today&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Announces Abstract Presentations for the American ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 31, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 31, 2017  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, today&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Announces Initial Data from Third Cohort of Phase 1b Study ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 15, 2017  -- Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, today&nbsp;...MATEON THERAPEUTICS, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market ExclusiveMateon Therapeutics Inc  Rating Reiterated by Rodman &amp; Renshaw - BNB Daily '
p3
aS"OXiGENE Announces Name Change to Mateon Therapeutics GlobeNewswire  - Jun 17, 2016 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., June 17, 2016  -- OXiGENE, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting agents  for orphan oncology indications, today announced that it has changed its&nbsp;...OXiGENE  Changes Name to 'Mateon Therapeutics', Ticker 'MATN' - StreetInsider.com"
p4
aS'OTC Markets Group Welcomes Mateon Therapeutics to OTCQX PR Newswire  - Dec 8, 2016 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- OTC Markets Group Inc. , operator of financial markets for 10,000 U.S. and global securities, today announced Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company developing vascular disrupting&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates The Cerbat Gem - Mar 31, 2017 Mateon Therapeutics logo Mateon Therapeutics Inc  announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday. The biopharmaceutical company reported  earnings per share  for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of .'
p6
aS"OXiGENE: A Frustrating Company That Remains Cheap Seeking Alpha - Oct 6, 2015 From reviewing my belief OXiGENE was a speculative buy last November, I did not sufficiently consider the lengthy time to get FDA feedback and the company's history of futility. While the clinical update this past week seemed generally positive given ..."
p7
aS'Mateon Therapeutics  Announces Receipt of Cathepsin-Related US Patent StreetInsider.com - Oct 10, 2016 Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.  announced that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has issued U.S. Patent 9,458,103 to Mateon and Baylor University for Compositions and methods for inhibition of cathepsins.'
p8
aS"Maxim Group Reaffirms Buy Rating for Mateon Therapeutics Inc  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 5, 2017 Mateon Therapeutics Inc logo Maxim Group reissued their buy rating on shares of Mateon Therapeutics Inc  in a research report released on Thursday morning.Mateon Therapeutics Inc - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNSMateon Therapeutics, Inc.'s , a stock from Biotechnology industry, is ... - Street Updates"
p9
aS"Mateon Therapeutics Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rodman &amp; Renshaw The Cerbat Gem - Apr 4, 2017 Mateon Therapeutics Inc logo Rodman &amp; Renshaw restated their buy rating on shares of Mateon Therapeutics Inc  in a research note issued to investors on Monday.Mateon Therapeutics'  Buy Rating Reiterated at Rodman &amp; Renshaw - Sports PerspectivesMateon Therapeutics Inc  Research Coverage Started at HC Wainwright - Community Financial News"
p10
a.