(lp0
S'The Todd Asset Management LLC Boosts Stake in Plains All American Pipeline, LP ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of PAA. MCF Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. by 2.4% in the second quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Market: The Beacon Investment Advisory Services Inc. Has $1186000 Stake in ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. during the second quarter worth approximately&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Plains All American Pipeline executives retire Houston Business Journal - Apr 6, 2017 Several executives at Houston-based Plains All American Pipeline LP  have retired, including the CEO of the company's Canadian subsidiary.Plains All American Pipeline, LP Announces Officer Retirements and Promotions - Yahoo FinancePlains All American Pipeline, LP and Plains GP Holdings Announce Timing of ... - Business Wire "
p3
aS'How Safe Is Plains All American Pipeline, LP and Its 7% Dividend? Motley Fool - Mar 24, 2017 Plains All American Pipeline had been a model of consistency when it came to growing its payout. In fact, through October 2015, the company had increased its payout in 44 of the previous 46 quarters, including 25 quarters in a row.Revenue Approximations Analysis: Plains All American Pipeline, LP , TEGNA ... - StockNewsJournal'
p4
aS"Plains All American Pipeline And Looming Debt Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Plains All American Pipeline  has been trading sideways for a few months now after a strong recovery in 2016 following the downturn in commodity prices.Plains All American Pipeline, LP  Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank - Sports PerspectivesAnalyst's Indicator Review for The New York Times Company , Plains All ... - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS"Judge gives fishermen the OK to sue Plains All-American Pipeline KEYT - Mar 7, 2017 SANTA BARBARA COUNTY, Calif. - A U.S. District Court judge gave a green light to the first class action lawsuit filed against Plains All-American Pipeline, but the ruling won't allow all the plaintiffs to move forward right now. Leila Noel of the ...Basic Materials Stocks To Watch Right Now: Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI ... - The Independent RepublicAnalysts Buzzer on Considerable Stocks Figures: BP plc , Plains All ... - Street Wise Report "
p6
aS'Plains All American: Next Stop, Distribution Growth Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 Plains All American has started to turn around, and this was evident from its latest quarterly results. Plains All American appears to be in a better position to sustain its distributions. Moreover, its DCF will likely climb and financial health will ...'
p7
aS'Plains All American &amp; Noble Midstream Close Advantage Deal Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2017 Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. PAA and Noble Midstream Partners LP NBLX announced that they have completed the acquisition of Advantage Pipeline, L.L.Noble Midstream Partners and Plains All American Close on Delaware Basin ... - BOE Report New High Updates for Plains All American Pipeline, LP  - The News Journal'
p8
aS'Guggenheim Begins Coverage on Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.  Markets Daily - 12 hours ago Equities researchers at Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.  in a report issued on Monday.What Type of Consensus Views Analysts hold about Plains All American Pipeline ... - Hot Stocks PointWinslow Evans &amp; Crocker Inc. Raises Stake in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P ... - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Plains All American Pipeline, LP And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling ... NY Stock News - Apr 3, 2017 Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p10
a.