(lp0
S"Market: The Ameriprise Financial Inc. Acquires 173456 Shares of Penske ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 4, 2017 Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of PAG. Bank of Montreal Can raised its stake in Penske Automotive Group by 9.0% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 2,412 shares of the company's stock valued at&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Penske Automotive Acquires Mercedes-Benz Dealership In Phoenix, Arizona PR Newswire  - Apr 10, 2017 Statements in this press release may involve forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements regarding Penske Automotive Group, Inc.'s future sales potential. Actual results may vary materially because of risks and uncertainties that ...Penske Automotive Group Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 11 - Equities.comVery Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Penske Automotive Group ... - BNB Daily "
p2
aS'Penske Automotive Group To Host First Quarter Earnings Conference Call PR Newswire  - Apr 5, 2017 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich., April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Penske Automotive Group, Inc. , an international transportation services company, will host its first quarter financial results conference call as follows:&nbsp;...Penske Automotive Group Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 06 - Equities.comAnalysts Set Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Price Target at $51.00 - The Cerbat Gem'
p3
aS'Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 19 hours ago Penske Automotive Group, Inc. logo Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research currently has $50.00&nbsp;...Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  Short Interest Update - Midway MonitorThe Burney Co. Decreases Stake in Penske Automotive Group, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Penske Automotive Completes Acquisition Of CarSense PR Newswire  - Jan 11, 2017 Penske Automotive Group, Inc.,  headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, is an international transportation services company that operates automotive and commercial truck dealerships principally in the United States, Western Europe and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Stars Align For Penske Automotive's Expansion Seeking Alpha - Sep 27, 2016 In both expanding and diversifying its global footprint, Penske Automotive also acquired a 49% stake in Nicole Group, which operates the premier luxury brand dealership in and around Tokyo, Japan. Additionally, Penske Automotive increased its stake in ..."
p6
aS"Foreign Exchange Headwinds Blunt Growth at Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Motley Fool - Oct 27, 2016 Doing business in a global economy is hard work -- as Penske Automotive Group  proved on Wednesday. Reporting earnings for the third quarter, Penske showed modest gains in both sales and earnings -- and a pretty significant boost to&nbsp;...Penske Automotive posts 1.1 percent increase in quarterly net income - Crain's Detroit Business"
p7
aS"Penske Automotive Signs Agreement To Acquire CarSense PR Newswire  - Dec 1, 2016 Statements in this press release may involve forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements regarding Penske Automotive Group, Inc.'s consummation of the transaction and its future sales and earnings potential. Actual results may vary&nbsp;...Penske acquires used-only dealership group CarSense - Crain's Detroit Business"
p8
aS"Is Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Stock  Suitable for Value Investors? Investorplace.com - Mar 17, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p9
aS"Penske Automotive Group's  CEO Roger Penske on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Welcome to the Penske Automotive Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay approximately one hour after the completion through February 14, 2017.Penske Automotive Reports Record Fourth Quarter And Full Year Results - PR Newswire Foreign Exchange Headwinds Continue to Blow Against Penske Automotive - Motley Fool"
p10
a.