(lp0
S"PAR Technology Corporation Announces Executive Leadership Transition Business Wire  - Apr 13, 2017 NEW HARTFORD, N.Y.----PAR Technology Corporation   announced today, that Dr. Donald H. Foley, an independent member of the Company's Board of Directors, has been appointed Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;...PAR Technology Names Independent Director Donald Foley as President, CEO - GovConWirePAR names two-decade SAIC vet to CEO role - Washington Technology"
p1
aS"PAR Technology Corporation to Present at Sidoti &amp; Company's Spring 2017 Convention Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 PAR Technology Corporation  today announced that Bryan A. Menar, the Company's Chief Financial Officer, will present a Corporate overview at Sidoti &amp; Company's Spring 2017 Convention to be held at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in New York, New&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"PAR Technology Corporation Announces 2016 Fourth Quarter &amp; Full Year 2016 Results Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 PAR Technology Corporation's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PAR. PAR's Restaurant and Retail segment has been a leading provider of restaurant and retail technology for more than 35 years."
p3
aS'CORRECTING and REPLACING PAR Technology Corporation Postpones Release of ... Business Wire  - Mar 7, 2017 NEW HARTFORD, N.Y.----Headline of release should read: PAR Technology Corporation Postpones Release of Fourth Quarter Results &amp; Conference Call until Monday, March 13, 2017 (instead of PAR Technology Corporation Postpones&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'PAR Technology Corporation Releases Conference Call and Webcast Information ... Business Wire  - Mar 3, 2017 NEW HARTFORD, N.Y.----PAR Technology Corporation  today announced that it will report its fourth quarter &amp; year-end financial results on Wednesday, March 8, 2016.'
p5
aS'Breaking: PAR Technology Corporation  Stock Through Resistance ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Breaking: PAR Technology Corporation  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p6
aS'PAR Technology Corporation  Experiencing Unusual Activity Mid-day The Herald - 15 hours ago PAR Technology Corporation  shares are seeing unusual volume mid-trading session today. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $7.65.'
p7
aS'BRIEF-Par Technology announces executive leadership transition Reuters - Apr 13, 2017 Karen E. Sammon stepped-down as CEO and president of company to assume position of chief of staff in office of CEO. * Par Technology Corp says Donald H. Foley also has been appointed as president of company Source text for Eikon: Further company&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"PAR Technology Corporation Announces Dismissal of the Company's Chief ... Business Wire  - Mar 14, 2016 NEW HARTFORD, N.Y.----PAR Technology Corporation , a leading supplier of technology solutions to the restaurant/retail and government contracting industries, today announced effective immediately, the employment of&nbsp;...PAR Technology Fires CFO Over Use of Funds - CFO"
p9
aS'Market Spotlight: Focusing on Shares of PAR Technology Corporation  BVN - 16 hours ago Taking a closer look at some quality ratios for PAR Technology Corporation , the firm has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.369307.'
p10
a.