(lp0
S"Paychex: The Dividend Grower Has Dipped Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 Last year, at about this time, I wrote an article about Paychex , a provider of HR outsourcing to small and medium-sized businesses in the US.Paychex, Inc.  Shares Sold by Forte Capital LLC ADV - The Cerbat GemPaychex, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $58.19 while ends Friday with ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p1
aS"Irrational Mr. Market Creating Opportunity In Paychex Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2017 Paychex exceeded Wall Street's earnings expectations for its fiscal third quarter - but its stock has fallen by 4% in the year-to-date thanks to revenues falling short."
p2
aS'Paychex Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Earnings Nasdaq - Mar 29, 2017  - Paychex Inc.  reported earnings for its third quarter that climbed compared to the same period last year.Paychex Inc : What can we expect in the future? - Simply Wall StPaychex  Set to Report Q3 Earnings: What to Expect? - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS'Zacks: Analysts Expect Paychex, Inc.  to Announce $0.53 Earnings Per Share BNB Daily  - 21 hours ago Paychex logo Brokerages forecast that Paychex, Inc.  will post earnings per share  of $0.53 for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks.Paychex, Inc.  Receives $57.64 Average PT from Brokerages - Sports PerspectivesPaychex, Inc.  Stake Cut by American Research &amp; Management Co. - Markets Daily'
p4
aS'Stock to Watch: Paychex, Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 20 hours ago Paychex, Inc.  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 6. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p5
aS"Why Skechers USA Inc , Paychex, Inc.  and Dave &amp; Buster's ... Investorplace.com - Mar 29, 2017 The follow-through on Tuesday's bullishness was nil on Wednesday, with traders unable to find another reason to keep the buying heat turned up.Top Morning News: Skechers USA, Inc. , Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX ... - Benchmark Monitor"
p6
aS'Is Paychex  a Stock That Investors Should Hold on to? Yahoo Finance - Apr 12, 2017 Here, we take into account Paychex Inc. PAYX, a company with an expected long-term EPS growth rate of 8.88% and potential to perform well in the long run.Paychex, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC - The Cerbat GemThe Charter Trust Co. Has $962000 Stake in Paychex, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Paychex Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - Apr 8, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Paychex Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Genpact Limited  versus Paychex Inc  CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Genpact Limited  versus Paychex Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS"PAYCHEX,INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain ... Market Exclusive - Mar 29, 2017 On March 23, 2017, Pamela A. Joseph notified Paychex, Inc.  of her resignation from the Company's Board of Directors ."
p10
a.