(lp0
S"The People's United Financial, Inc.  Shares Sold by PBWM Holdings LLC Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado raised its position in People's United Financial by 0.4% in the third quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of ..."
p1
aS"The People's United Financial, Inc.  Position Decreased by Crestwood ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. increased its position in People's United Financial by 148.0% in the third quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now ..."
p2
aS"People's United Financial Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with ... Free Observer - 21 hours ago People's United Financial Inc.  belongs to the Financial sector with an industry focus on Savings &amp; Loans, with Mr. John P. Barnes as Chief Exec.What Should Investors Make Of The Trading Chart Of People's United Financial ... - NY Stock NewsFeatured Stock for Investors: People's United Financial Inc.  - HugoPress"
p3
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. (HLX ... StockNewsJournal - 17 hours ago People's United Financial, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $17.29, it has a price-to-book ratio of 1.12, compared to an industry average at 2.42."
p4
aS"RSI Alert: People's United Financial Now Oversold Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 But making People's United Financial Inc an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Tuesday, shares of PBCT entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $17.805 per share."
p5
aS"Traders Take Note: People's United Financial Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - 21 hours ago Take Note: People's United Financial Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Trading Watch: Reviewing the Numbers for People's United Financial, Inc ... Baldwin Journal - 6 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. People's United Financial, Inc.  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 11271464. The EV is used to show how the market assigns&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"People's United Buys Suffolk Bancorp to Expand in New York Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 People's United Financial, Inc. PBCT recently announced the completion of Suffolk Bancorp acquisition. The company entered into this deal with a view to expand its footprint in New York.People's United Financial Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with ... - Free Observer"
p8
aS"Why People's United Should Be Part of Your Portfolio Now Zacks.com - Mar 28, 2017 On Mar 27, we issued an updated research report on People's United Financial, Inc.  . The company has benefitted from its inorganic growth strategy over time.Digging Up the Facts on People's United Financial, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalHot Stock Overview: People's United Financial Inc.  - HugoPress"
p9
aS"The Charts For People's United Financial, Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes Today NY Stock News - Apr 3, 2017 People's United Financial, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.