(lp0
S'Porter Bancorp, Inc. Appoints Two New Board Members Business Wire  - Sep 23, 2015 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, Inc., today announced the addition of new members to its board of directors.'
p1
aS"Porter Bancorp Announces 1 for 5 Reverse Stock Split Business Wire  - Nov 28, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, today announced that its board of directors has approved a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Shares and&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Bank, developer settle multimillion-dollar dispute Louisville Business First - Mar 20, 2017 ... the prosecution, including fraud and breach of the duty of good faith. The case was under review by the Kentucky Supreme Court.Porter Bancorp  agree to settle in the matter of Signature Point ... - Benchmark Monitor'
p3
aS'BRIEF-Porter Bancorp announces settlement Reuters - Mar 17, 2017 Porter bancorp-settlement agreement been reached in matter of signature point condominiums,pbi bank, inc. That had been awaiting review by kentucky court.'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Evans Bancorp Inc  versus Porter Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Evans Bancorp Inc  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  .RMB Capital Management LLC Reduces Stake in Porter Bancorp, Inc.  - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Two River Bancorp  is Beating Porter Bancorp Inc ... CML News - Mar 28, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Porter Bancorp Inc  versus Two River Bancorp  .Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Porter Bancorp, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  versus Porter Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  .'
p7
aS"First Bank versus Porter Bancorp Inc Head to Head Compare CML News - Mar 31, 2017 First Bank has a higher fundamental rating than Porter Bancorp Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p8
aS'Stock Returns: American River Bankshares  versus Porter Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for American River Bankshares  versus Porter Bancorp Inc  .'
p9
aS'John T. Taylor Named Porter Bancorp, Inc. CEO and PBI Bank Chairman Business Wire  - Nov 21, 2013 BUSINESS WIRE)--Porter Bancorp, Inc. , parent company of PBI Bank, announced today that John T. Taylor was named Chief Executive Officer  of Porter Bancorp and Chairman of the Board of PBI Bank following regulatory approval.'
p10
a.