(lp0
S"Carl Icahn's Pep Boys Plan Seeking Alpha - Dec 9, 2015 Carl Icahn is back at it again. In a recent SEC filing, Icahn disclosed a 12.2% stake in Pep Boys-Manny Moe &amp; Jack . He's called for the company to sell its auto parts retail section to his own company, Auto Plus. But now he's interested in ...Pep Boys Board Praises Carl Icahn's $863 Million Buyout Offer as 'Superior' - TheStreet.comPep Boys snubs Bridgestone offer for Carl Icahn - CNNMoney"
p1
aS'Pep Boys Is Lying To You Jalopnik - Dec 30, 2015 Everyone knows Pep Boys, right? Three guys that look sort of like Groucho Marx, Josef Stalin, and Bob Newhart? Sure you do.Will Carl Icahn get Manny, Moe &amp; Jacked by Pep Boys? - CBS NewsIcahn outbids Bridgestone in Pep Boys buyout - Autoblog '
p2
aS'Pep Boys acquires Just Brakes Tire Business - Jan 23, 2017 PHILADELPHIA  - Pep Boys - Manny, Moe and Jack has acquired Just Brakes L.L.C., an automotive repair and maintenance chain with 134 stores throughout the U.S.Pep Boys buys Just Brakes store chain, plans more deals - Philly.com '
p3
aS"Manny, Moe and Jack's new home: a museum Bizjournals.com  - Jun 21, 2012 We are delighted that Pep Boys chose the Petersen to showcase this iconic piece of American automotive history, said Buddy Pepp, the museum's executive director.Pep Boys Donates Historic Manny, Moe &amp; Jack Marquee Statue - Business Wire "
p4
aS"Why Carl Icahn's Pep Boys Purchase Is Brilliant Motley Fool - Feb 13, 2016 True, there is some value in the Pep Boys name, started by the &quot;boys&quot; themselves -- Manny, Moe and Jack -- just under 100 years ago in Philadelphia. But it's going to take more than history to win in the ultra-competitive world of auto repairs. Not ..."
p5
aS'Bridgestone to buy Pep Boys in $835 million deal Chicago Tribune - Oct 26, 2015 Philadelphia-based Pep Boys - founded by Emanuel &quot;Manny&quot; Rosenfeld, Maurice L. &quot;Moe&quot; Strauss, W. Graham &quot;Jack&quot; Jackson, and Moe Radavitz - was founded in 1921 and first came to the Chicago area in 1993. It currently has 37 stores in the Chicago&nbsp;...Bridgestone to buy US auto parts retailer Pep Boys - Reuters'
p6
aS'Icahn in NJ: Pep Boys finishes a store, Auto Plus buys some more Philly.com  - Aug 29, 2016 The iconic Manny, Moe and Jack outside outside the Pep Boys offices on West Allegheny Avenue. The firm has resumed adding stores in New Jersey after consolidating management under top managers from Georgia-based Auto Plus.'
p7
aS"Manny, Moe, Jack And Carl? Icahn Wants To Buy Pep Boys For $15.50 A Share Forbes - Dec 4, 2015 Auto parts chain Pep Boys agreed to sell itself in October, but now Carl Icahn has injected himself into the proceedings of the company's $835 million takeover by a unit of tiremaker Bridgestone.Bridgestone-Pep-Boys deal faces 4 lawsuits - Tire BusinessPep Boys' fate: Will Firestone owner beat Icahn's offer? - Philly.com "
p8
aS"Icahn Enterprises LP  Announces Completion of Pep Boys  Acquisition StreetInsider.com - Feb 4, 2016 Icahn Enterprises L.P.  announced that it has closed its acquisition of The Pep Boys - Manny, Moe &amp; Jack   in an all-cash transaction for $18.50 per share, or approximately $1.03 billion in aggregate equity value.Icahn Enterprises Completes Acquisition of Pep Boys - GlobeNewswire Federal-Mogul's future questioned after Icahn buys Pep Boys - RubberNews.com"
p9
aS"Pep Boys Banks on Rebranding Effort 'The Road Ahead' AdAge.com - Mar 25, 2014 Pep Boys is mapping a return to its glory days -- back when its famous founding trio, Manny, Moe and Jack, knew their customers by name and lifelong relationships were forged. &quot;I keep telling our associates that in the year 2014, I expect [them] to ..."
p10
a.