(lp0
S'Galileo Exploration Ltd. Announces Private Placement for $500000 Completed Marketwired  - Apr 11, 2017 VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA-- - Galileo Exploration Ltd.   is pleased to that its recently announced private placement of February 28th, 2017, has been fully subscribed to, and slightly&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'How Galileo Exploration Ltd  Delivered A Better ROE Than Its Industry? Simply Wall St - Mar 21, 2017 With 111.8% ROE in the last year, Galileo Exploration Ltd  appeared more efficient when we look at the industry average of 6.89% ROE.'
p2
aS"Is Galileo Exploration Ltd's  ROE Of 74.1% Sustainable? Simply Wall St - Feb 6, 2017 Galileo Exploration Ltd's  ROE of 74.1% over the past year stood above the industry average of 6.65%. Often called the 'mother of all ratios', Return on Equity tells you how much capital is created in percentage terms for the amount committed ..."
p3
aS"Galileo exploration work yields encouraging results Proactive Investors UK - Jan 17, 2017 This is particularly encouraging for Galileo, said chief executive Colin Bird, as most copper producers are confined to either mining limited tonnage of high grade material or bulk tonnage of low grade ore. Our results suggest we could be targeting ...Galileo to start Concordia drill programme - Creamer Media's Mining Weekly"
p4
aS'Proactive weekly mining report - Thor, European Metals, Landore Resources and ... Proactive Investors UK - Feb 18, 2017 The drilling programme is exclusively focused on testing the reliability of geophysics anomalism in identifying mineralisation targets, Galileo said. Chaarat Gold Holdings Ltd , an exploration and development company operating in the Kyrgyz&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Galileo Resources boss 'delighted' to kick off drilling at Concordia Proactive Investors UK - Feb 15, 2017 Galileo Resources PLC  is about to kick off geophysical exploration at its Concordia copper project in South Africa next month, starting with one of its top three targets for open pit mining: Homeep."
p6
aS"Higher copper prices to benefit Galileo in 2017 Proactive Investors UK - Dec 20, 2016 Galileo's main asset is Concordia, a copper project in South Africa. I am very pleased to report that the copper price has responded to the long term prognosis that copper will be in short supply as we approach 2020, said chairman Colin Bird."
p7
aS'Galileo Resources plays down recent share price surge Proactive Investors UK - Mar 1, 2017 It said its principal focus remains at its Concordia copper project in South Africa, where an exploratory drilling programme is underway to test several mineralisation targets.Infrastructure optimism trumps details - Mining Journal '
p8
aS"Galileo Resources delivers high grades in a prolific copper area Proactive Investors UK - May 31, 2016 But those who want to know how it's done may yet get an object lesson from Mr Bird himself again, as he positions Galileo Resources , once solely a fertilizer play, strategically across an area of South Africa with its own admirable track ..."
p9
aS'Galileo identifies three more drill targets at Concordia copper project Proactive Investors UK - Dec 15, 2016 A limited drilling programme is expected to commence early in the New Year and on completion, the company will either elect to drill the Shirley Trend or extend geophysics to other areas.'
p10
a.