(lp0
S"Why we need an outsider like Betsy DeVos as education secretary New York Post - Jan 31, 2017 Some people complain that President Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, would be quite unlike her predecessors."
p1
aS'This Army Veteran Wanted to Become a Video Game Animator Slate Magazine - Jul 20, 2016 But the New England Institute of Art is, in fact, another for-profit college, this one part of the Art Institutes chain owned by Education Management Corporation, or EDMC, which, in turn, is 41-percent owned by the giant Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.'
p2
aS"Billionaire Taizo Son Ditches Japan to Start Afresh in Singapore Bloomberg - Apr 17, 2017 I tried very hard by lobbying the Japanese government: 'Why don't we have a regulatory sandbox to bring some innovative ideas?"
p3
aS"Here's What Warren Buffett Says Made Him Successful Fortune - Sep 20, 2016 Lucinda Shen. Sep 20, 2016. Some people think Warren Buffett became the Oracle of Omaha with the same deliberation he uses to pick stocksbut that's not so."
p4
aS"Questions and conflicts: Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump's secretary of education ... Salon - Jan 17, 2017 Her nomination to lead public education may seem curious, as DeVos has never worked in public education and supports diverting public funds to pay for kids to attend private, religious schools.The Real Betsy DeVos - Slate Magazine"
p5
aS'People in business for Sunday, January 29 The Bozeman Daily Chronicle - Jan 29, 2017 Xtant Medical Holdings, Inc., a leader in the development, manufacturing and marketing of orthopedic products for domestic and international markets, announced that on Jan. 21, Dan Goldberger resigned as chief executive officer and as a director of the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"6 Examples Of Billionaires Acting Like Supervillains Benzinga - Apr 3, 2017 As flying taxis transform Dubai into the Jetsons' actual Orbit City and revelations abound of Obama-era CIA hacks, a common theme is emerging in contemporary society."
p7
aS"If the US Won't Pay Its Teachers, China Will Bloomberg - Dec 19, 2016 In China, parents are so bent on getting their kids the best education possible they're sometimes willing to try untested methods that may or may not provide high-quality education. Mi hired top people to help design VIPKid's curriculum and has ..."
p8
aS"English heads for elementary school in 2020 but hurdles abound The Japan Times - Sep 5, 2016 But discussions on the issue through the 1990s found many people opposed to teaching English in elementary school because they thought it would confuse children who hadn't even learned their mother tongue yet."
p9
aS'Stop worrying, parenting is far less important than people say New York Post - Sep 4, 2016 Authors Robert A. LeVine, a professor emeritus of education and human development at Harvard University, and his wife and fellow anthropologist, Sarah LeVine, note that parenting has been redefined to require more attention, thought and energy from&nbsp;...'
p10
a.