(lp0
S'Market: The Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust  Price Target Cut ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 24, 2017 Several other brokerages have also commented on PEI. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $24.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Wednesday,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Pennsylvania REIT: A View From The Perspective Of A Preferred Investor Seeking Alpha - Dec 19, 2016 What follows is that process. When considering the acquisition of Pennsylvania REIT ) preferred shares, it's necessary that we view that company through a different set of eyes than we would were we interested in acquiring its common shares."
p2
aS'Pennsylvania REIT Sheds Rest of Mall Laggards Wall Street Journal - Mar 30, 2016 Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, or PREIT, sold two malls in Alabama and one in Christiansburg, Va., to a fund managed by Farallon Capital Management LLC of San Francisco.PREIT trims four shopping malls from portfolio, in two sales worth $92.4M - Philly.com'
p3
aS'Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for ... Nasdaq - Feb 24, 2017 Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 27, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.21 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2017.'
p4
aS'PREIT Preferred - Over 7% From This Mall REIT Seeking Alpha - Jan 20, 2017 PREIT, a Pennsylvania business trust founded in 1960 and one of the first equity REITs in the United States, has a primary investment focus on retail shopping malls located in the eastern half of the United States, primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region.'
p5
aS'Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet The Cerbat Gem - Apr 15, 2017 Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  was downgraded by investment analysts at TheStreet from a c- rating to a d+ rating in a research report issued on Friday.TheStreet Downgrades Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  to D+ - BBNSPennsylvania R.E.I.T.  Lowered to D+ at TheStreet - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS"Springfield Town Center owner moves toward mall parking lot development Washington Business Journal - Mar 7, 2017 The owner of the Springfield Town Center is no longer taking a wait-and-see approach to the long-anticipated redevelopment of the mall property's expansive parking lots."
p7
aS"Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  Given New $18.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. The Cerbat Gem - Apr 12, 2017 Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  had its price objective trimmed by JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust's  stock price is Currently ... - Hot Stocks PointMarket: The SunTrust Banks, Inc. Lowers Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment ... - Petro Global News 24"
p8
aS'PREIT Is Poised To Profit Seeking Alpha - Jan 30, 2017 The market will produce winners and losers, and we expect that the high-productivity malls will be the survivors over time. PREIT has the lowest payout ratio in the all REIT sector and we believe that provides the company with an attractive margin of ...'
p9
aS'Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  Receives $22.80 Consensus PT from Analysts Sports Perspectives - Apr 15, 2017 Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. logo Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  has received a consensus rating of Hold from the six ratings firms that are covering the firm.Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 9392 Shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.  - BBNSPennsylvania R.E.I.T.  Receives $22.80 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages - The Cerbat Gem'
p10
a.