(lp0
S'Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for October ... NASDAQ - Oct 29, 2013 Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on October 30, 2013. A cash dividend payment of $0.04 per share is scheduled to be paid on November 15, 2013.'
p1
aS'Independent Bank Corp. Announces Completion of Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc ... Business Wire  - Feb 20, 2015 ROCKLAND, Mass.----Independent Bank Corp. , parent of Rockland Trust Company, today announced the closing of its acquisition of Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc. , parent of Peoples Federal&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Peoples National Bank faces lawsuit Mt. Vernon Register-News - Mar 21, 2017 VERNON - Peoples National Bank is being sued in federal court over allegations of racketeering, financial institution fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, and more.'
p3
aS"Savings &amp; Loans Stocks Under Scanner -- New York Community, People's United ... PR Newswire  - Mar 28, 2017 Stock-Callers.com has initiated coverage on the following Savings and Loans firms: New York Community Bancorp Inc. , People's United Financial Inc. , Northwest Bancshares Inc. , and Washington Federal&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Dime Community Bancshares Inc  is Beating Capitol ... CML News - Apr 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Capitol Federal Financial Inc  versus Dime Community Bancshares Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p5
aS'Civil lawsuit accuses Peoples National Bank and its leaders of racketeering, fraud The Southern - Mar 19, 2017 In a lawsuit filed this past week in federal court, Grand Rivers Community Bank accuses Peoples National Bank and its leaders of usurping control of Grand Rivers for racketeering activities from August 2010 through the present time to the detriment of ...'
p6
aS"Reliant hires chief strategy officer Nashville Post  - Mar 13, 2017 Reliant Bank has recruited the executive who elevated Ascend Federal Credit Union's profile to lead its strategic growth efforts.Reliant Bank Names Kim York as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Heartland Bank, Stung in NY Bankruptcy, Enters Agreement With Federal Reserve Arkansas Business Online - Dec 20, 2016 Heartland Bank of Little Rock and its holding company, Rock Bancshares Inc., have entered a written agreement with the Federal Reserve aimed at improving their &quot;financial soundness&quot; even as a prominent borrower has filed for bankruptcy protection.'
p8
aS"Federal Reserve Board OK's Huntington acquiring FirstMerit Bank cleveland.com - Jul 29, 2016 The Federal Reserve Board on Friday approved Huntington Bancshares Inc.'s application to acquire FirstMerit Bank N.A.Fed approves Huntington's acquisition of FirstMerit - Crain's Cleveland Business"
p9
aS'ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. Announces Two-For-One Stock Split PR Newswire  - Nov 16, 2016 BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.,  , the holding company for ServisFirst Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors declared a two-for-one common stock split in the form of ...'
p10
a.