(lp0
S'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Announces Letter of Intent for Certain ... Marketwired  - Oct 14, 2016 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that it has entered into a letter of intent with a private investor, subject to certain closing and other conditions, for the ...'
p1
aS'Perma-Fix Environmental Services Hires Two Senior Industry Experts Marketwired  - Jan 7, 2015 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced the hiring of two senior industry experts, Jeff Bowers as Vice President of Nuclear Services Performance Assurance &amp; Business&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"PERMA-FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC  Files An 8-K Results of ... Market Exclusive - Mar 22, 2017 Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. is an environmental and environmental technology know-how company. It operates in three segments: The Treatment Segment , the Services Segment  and the Medical Segment .Will Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc's  Balance Sheet Trouble It ... - Simply Wall StForm 8-K PERMA FIX ENVIRONMENTAL For: Mar 22 - StreetInsider.com"
p3
aS'Keeping Tabs on Shares of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  BVN - 17 hours ago Taking a closer look at some quality ratios for Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. , the firm has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.108426.'
p4
aS"Insider Trading Activity Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:PESI ... Market Exclusive - Mar 30, 2017 Louis F Centofanti , Insider of Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  reportedly Bought 2,000 shares of the company's stock at an average price of 3.14 for a total transaction amount of $6,280.00 SEC Form."
p5
aS'Top Bull Stock Inside Thursday Spotlight: Perma-Fix Environmental Services ... WsNews 4investors - 18 hours ago Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  stock price escalated 10.77% to finalize at $3.60 throughout previous buying and selling session.Top Gainers of the Day: Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:PESI ... - Twin County News'
p6
aS'Perma-Fix Awarded Multi-Million Dollar United Kingdom Contract to Provide ... Marketwired  - Apr 24, 2014 ATLANTA, GA-- - Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  today announced that its subsidiary Perma-Fix Environmental Services UK Ltd has been awarded a contract initially valued at approximately $2,200,000&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Lucrative Stocks in today's market: Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. : PESI The News Journal - Apr 15, 2017 With the amassed value of the company based on its existing stock price alongside the total amount of outstanding stocks, today's market cap for Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. is valued at 43.09. The value of the Market cap relatively ensures a ..."
p8
aS'Decision Time: Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  Stock ... CML News - Mar 22, 2017 Decision Time: Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p9
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.  Fiscal Standard - Mar 18, 2017 Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. is an environmental and environmental technology know-how company. It operates in three segments: The Treatment Segment , the Services Segment  and the Medical Segment .'
p10
a.