(lp0
S'The Peoples Financial Services Corp. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.31  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 Shares of Peoples Financial Services Corp.  traded down 7.18% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $42.64.'
p1
aS"How Peoples Financial Services Corp's  7.7% ROE Fares Against The Industry? Simply Wall St - Apr 14, 2017 Peoples Financial Services Corp's  ROE of 7.7% over the past year, compared to its industry's 9.31%, indicates that investors would have been better off choosing the broader industry in terms of returns generated on their committed capital."
p2
aS'Peoples Financial Services CORP. Buys Shares of 7068 Analog Devices, Inc.  Sports Perspectives - 12 hours ago Analog Devices logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. bought a new stake in Analog Devices, Inc.  during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.'
p3
aS'Peoples Financial Services CORP. Has $140000 Position in Marathon Petroleum ... Markets Daily - 13 hours ago Marathon Petroleum Corp logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. held its stake in Marathon Petroleum Corp  during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p4
aS'Peoples Financial Services CORP. Lowers Stake in NBT Bancorp Inc.  Markets Daily - 13 hours ago NBT Bancorp logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. decreased its stake in NBT Bancorp Inc.  by 49.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p5
aS'VF Corp  Shares Bought by Peoples Financial Services CORP. Markets Daily - 13 hours ago VF Corp logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. boosted its position in VF Corp  by 54.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Pinnacle Bank Buys Shares of 4492 VF Corp  - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Kellogg Company  Stake Held by Peoples Financial Services CORP. The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago Kellogg Company logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. held its position in Kellogg Company  during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p7
aS'Consolidated Edison, Inc.  Shares Bought by Peoples Financial Services CORP. Markets Daily - 13 hours ago Consolidated Edison logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. increased its position in shares of Consolidated Edison, Inc.  by 194.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Peoples Financial Services CORP. Decreases Stake in Aqua America Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago Aqua America logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. lowered its stake in Aqua America Inc  by 28.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.'
p9
aS'F.N.B. Corp  Stake Held by Peoples Financial Services CORP. Sports Perspectives - 13 hours ago F.N.B. Corp logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. continued to hold its position in shares of F.N.B. Corp  during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p10
a.