(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Hovde Group Initiates Coverage On Peapack-Gladstone ... Market Exclusive - Apr 13, 2017 Today, Hovde Group initiated coverage on Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  with a Outperform with a price target of $33.00.Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  Coverage Initiated at Hovde Group - BNB Daily Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  is Initiated by Hovde Group to &quot;Outperform&quot; - Highland Mirror'
p1
aS'Hovde Group Initiates Coverage on Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  Sports Perspectives - 20 hours ago Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp logo Equities researchers at Hovde Group assumed coverage on shares of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage set an outperform rating&nbsp;...Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.18 - BBNS'
p2
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Hovde ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 14, 2017 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp logo Hovde Group initiated coverage on shares of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp  in a report published on Thursday.Hovde Group disclosed Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corp , hiking ... - Breaking Finance NewsPeapack-Gladstone  Now Covered By Hovde Group with $33.00 Target ... - Bibeypost.com'
p3
aS'Maureen E. Hemhauser Joins Peapack-Gladstone Bank Marketwired  - Mar 2, 2015 BEDMINSTER, NJ-- - Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  and Peapack-Gladstone Bank announce the appointment of Maureen E. Hemhauser to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Compliance&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation to Acquire Wealth Management ... Marketwired  - Mar 19, 2015 BEDMINSTER, NJ-- - Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation , parent company of Peapack-Gladstone Bank, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Morristown, NJ-based&nbsp;...Peapack-Gladstone Financial  to Acquire New Jersey-Based Wealth ... - StreetInsider.com'
p5
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Bank promotes chief operating officer, names replacement NJBIZ - Feb 14, 2017 He is an experienced financial services executive with expertise in business alignment, innovation and operations, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions integration and performance management, the bank said.'
p6
aS"Quantenna Communications  Reaches $17.66 After 7.00% Up Move; Peapack ... NormanObserver.com - 15 hours ago Peapack Gladstone Financial Corp increased Bb&amp;T Corporation  stake by 2.99% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Peapack Gladstone Financial Corp acquired 7,486 shares as Bb&amp;T Corporation 's stock rose 25.02%. The Peapack Gladstone&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Mar 30, 2017 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation has a P/B ratio of 1.62. It also has a P/E ratio of 18.7. Peapack Gladstone Financial Corp provides commercial banking services. It also provides consumer banking services, including checking and savings account,&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Mar 29, 2017 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation has a P/B ratio of 1.62. It also has a P/E ratio of 18.7. Peapack Gladstone Financial Corp provides commercial banking services. It also provides consumer banking services, including checking and savings account,&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation Common Stock Quote &amp; Summary Data Nasdaq - Aug 21, 2011 The terms &quot;Peapack,&quot; &quot;the Company,&quot; &quot;we,&quot; &quot;our&quot; and &quot;us&quot; refer to Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise. The Corporation Peapack-Gladstone Financial&nbsp;...'
p10
a.