(lp0
S"Here's Why PHH Corporation's Foundation Crumbled on Thursday Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2017 Shares of PHH Corporation , a provider of outsourced mortgage-banking services to financial institutions and real estate brokers in the U.S.PHH Corporation's  CEO Glen Messina on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking AlphaPHH Corp.  to Sell Assets of PHH Home Loans in JV Deal with Guaranteed ... - StreetInsider.com"
p1
aS'PHH Corporation Announces Leadership Transition Yahoo Finance - Mar 30, 2017 PHH Corporation   today announced changes to its leadership team as part of its previously announced plan to reduce costs as the Company expects to become smaller in size and scope resulting from its recently announced&nbsp;...Form 8-K PHH CORP For: Mar 29 - StreetInsider.comPHH CEO stepping down as part of new strategic plan to reduce costs - Philadelphia Business Journal'
p2
aS"PHH Corporation - Company Sell-Off Rumors Could Yield Solid Gains Seeking Alpha - Aug 15, 2016 Like it or not if you're a shareholder, PHH Corporation is now a pure play in the mortgage servicing business, much like other non-bank servicers like Ocwen  and Nationstar Mortgage ."
p3
aS"BRIEF-PHH Corp comments on EJF Capital's intention to nominate directors Reuters - Mar 10, 2017 PHH Corp - &quot;we appreciate ejf capital's input and will continue our dialogue with them and our other shareholders&quot;."
p4
aS"PHH Corporation Comments on EJF Capital's Intention to Nominate Directors Yahoo Finance - Mar 9, 2017 PHH Corporation   today issued the following statement in response to EJF Capital's filing on Schedule 13D of its intention to nominate two candidates to the PHH Board of Directors.EJF Capital is Buying Phh Corp  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive "
p5
aS'Stephen Staid Joins PHH Corporation as Senior Vice President, Servicing Yahoo Finance - Feb 21, 2017 PHH Corporation   today announced that Stephen Staid has joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Servicing.PHH adds Stephen Staid as senior vice president of servicing - HousingWire'
p6
aS"PHH Corporation's  CEO Glen Messina on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 9, 2016 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the PHH Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference call. Your lines will be in a listen-only mode during remarks by PHH management.Local mortgage company fined $28M by New York regulator - Philadelphia Business JournalPHH fined $28 million by NYDFS for &quot;shoddy&quot; mortgage servicing - HousingWire"
p7
aS'PHH Corp.  Sells non-GNMA Mortgage Servicing Rights Portfolio to New ... StreetInsider.com - Dec 28, 2016 PHH Corporation  entered into an agreement with New Residential Investment Corp.  for the sale of its entire portfolio of mortgage servicing rights  and related servicing advances, excluding the Ginnie Mae  MSRs&nbsp;...New Residential inks MSR purchase deal with PHH Corp. - Seeking AlphaWhy Silver Wheaton, Endologix, and PHH Corp. Jumped Today - Fox Business'
p8
aS"Flurry of Activity in the PHH Corp. CFPB Constitutionality Case insideARM.com - Jan 4, 2017 Editor's Note: insideARM offices were closed from December 23, 2016 through January 2, 2017 and we did not publish our newsletter.BankThink CFPB Commission Is Essential, Not a Trojan Horse - American Banker"
p9
aS"What's Happening To These Stocks? - PHH Corporation , Shoe Carnival, Inc ... Post Analyst - 17 hours ago Wall Street is only getting more bullish on the stock, with 2 of analysts who cover PHH having a buy-equivalent rating. Analysts have placed a $15.17 price target on PHH Corporation, suggesting a 18.05% gain from recent close. It's currently trading ..."
p10
a.