(lp0
S"Pike Completes Go-Private Transaction GlobeNewswire  - Dec 22, 2014 MOUNT AIRY, N.C., Dec. 22, 2014  -- Pike Corporation , one of the nation's largest specialty construction and engineering firms serving the electric power industry, announced today the completion of its acquisition by Court&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Pike Corp.  to Go Private for $12/Share StreetInsider.com  - Aug 4, 2014 Pike Corporation  announced today that it has signed a definitive merger agreement under which investment firm Court Square Capital Partners in partnership with J. Eric Pike, the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will acquire&nbsp;...Court Square Capital Partners, Pike CEO To Buy Pike Electric - RTT News"
p2
aS"Shareholder opposes bid by Pike Corp. to go private Winston-Salem Journal - Nov 8, 2014 Metropolitan West Capital Management LLC, the shareholder opposing the deal, says its portfolio management team owns 15 percent of Pike's stock. MSNMoney.com lists the holding as 14.4 percent as of June 30. The group is not listed among Pike's top&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Moody's upgrades Pike's CFR to B2 from B3; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Sep 26, 2016 New York, September 26, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service  upgraded Pike Corporation's  Corporate Family Rating  to B2 from B3; Probability of Default Rating  to B2-PD from B3-PD; the company's first-lien senior secured&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"CEO of Pike Corp. to Deliver Keynote at Electric Utility Fleet Conference ... Lift and Access - Mar 30, 2016 The 63rd annual EUFMC takes place in Williamsburg, Va., June 5-8, 2016. This year's theme is Solutions for Managing a Progressive Fleet."
p5
aS"Local leader excited about economy Mount Airy News - Feb 18, 2017 When there's an ice storm or hurricane, that's usually when people know we are there, Pike Corp. Chairman and CEO J. Eric Pike said during the EDP's 22nd-annual meeting Friday at the N.C."
p6
aS"With thousands of pedestrians, why are vehicles allowed on Seattle's Pike Place? The Seattle Times - 20 hours ago It is funded with the help of community sponsors Alaska Airlines, CenturyLink, Kemper Development Co., Sabey Corp., Seattle Children's hospital and Ste."
p7
aS"New Ascension Parish economic development head gears up in new role The Advocate - 9 hours ago Kate MacArthur estimates she's met three to four people a day, from public office, industry, real estate, tourism and just about every association in the parish, in her first 30 days as the head of the Ascension Economic Development Corp. &quot;It's helping ..."
p8
aS'Pike drainage work on schedule as Interchange 4 ramps in West Springfield at I ... MassLive.com - Apr 12, 2017 That means the closing of the Pike  Interchange 4 on-ramp from Interstate 91 northbound and southbound in West Springfield will proceed as scheduled from 8 p.m.'
p9
aS"New attorney needed for shooting suspect Morning Journal News - 5 hours ago During Monday's hearing, Brown's attorney, Terry Grenga, said she just learned she must file to have the case assigned to another member of the Criminal Defense Corp. Grenga said she is ... He reminded Judge C. Ashley Pike he is entitled to a speedy trial."
p10
a.