(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Cathay ... Market Exclusive - 8 hours ago Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Overweight rating on Cathay General Bancorp  with a price target of $42.00.Cathay General Bancorp  Given &quot;Overweight&quot; Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies - Chaffey BreezeThe Cathay General Bancorp  Lifted to Overweight at Piper Jaffray ... - Petro Global News 24'
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on CA  Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Overweight rating on CA  with a price target of $45.00. There are 2 sell ratings, 9 hold ratings, 4 buy ratings on the stock.State Street Corp Has $27.582 Million Stake in Piper Jaffray Companies  - The Cerbat GemNorges Bank Buys New Stake in Piper Jaffray Companies  - Markets Daily'
p2
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Chicopee ... Market Exclusive - 14 hours ago Chicopee Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company. The Company provides a range of financial services to individuals and businesses through its bank subsidiary, Chicopee Savings Bank .Chicopee Bancorp, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS"BRIEF-Piper Jaffray Companies says CEO Andrew Duff's total 2016 compensation ... Reuters - Mar 28, 2017 March 28 Piper Jaffray Companies: * Piper Jaffray companies says CEO Andrew S. Duff's total 2016 compensation was $5.99 million versus $5 million in 2015 - sec filing Source text (bit."
p4
aS"Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Neutral on CVB Financial ... Market Exclusive - 18 hours ago Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Neutral rating on CVB Financial Corp.  with a price target of $21.00.CVB Financial Corp.'s  &quot;Neutral&quot; Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p5
aS"Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Neutral on Columbia ... Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Neutral rating on Columbia Banking System  with a price target of $41.00.Columbia Banking System's  &quot;Neutral&quot; Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS"Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Neutral on Bank of Marin ... Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago Bank of Marin Bancorp  is the holding company for Bank of Marin . The Company's customer base is made up of business and personal banking relationships from the communities near the branch office locations.Bank of Marin Bancorp  Earns &quot;Neutral&quot; Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies - Markets Daily"
p7
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Incyte ... Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Overweight rating on Incyte  with a price target of $124.00. There are 2 hold ratings, 19 buy ratings on the stock.Incyte Co.  Earns &quot;Neutral&quot; Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies - Sports PerspectivesPiper Jaffray Downgrades Incyte Corp to Hold - Analyst Ratings'
p8
aS'Analyst Activity  Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Overweight on Banner ... Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago Today, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated its Overweight rating on Banner  with a price target of $62.00. There are 3 hold ratings, 1 buy rating on the stock.'
p9
aS"Piper Jaffray's Andrew Duff Honored among 2017 Most Admired CEOs Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 Piper Jaffray Companies , a leading investment bank and asset management firm, is pleased to announce that Andrew Duff was selected as one of Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal's Most Admired CEOs for 2017.Piper Jaffray Companies  held by 47 SEC 13F Filers - Post AnalystOption Market Alert: Piper Jaffray Companies Implied Price Swing Hits An ... - CML News"
p10
a.