(lp0
S'United Community Banks completes merger with Palmetto Bancshares Greenville News - Sep 1, 2015 United Community Banks, Inc. said Tuesday it had closed its merger with Greenville-based Palmetto Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, The Palmetto Bank.United Community Banks, Inc. Completes Merger With Palmetto Bancshares, Inc ... - GlobeNewswire '
p1
aS'Palmetto Bank brand to disappear Spartanburg Herald Journal - Apr 27, 2015 The Palmetto Bank brand will soon disappear from the Upstate. Blairsville, Ga.-based United Community Banks Inc., the holding company for United Community Bank, has signed a merger agreement with Palmetto Bancshares Inc., the Greenville-based&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"United Community Banks and Palmetto Bancshares Announce Merger Agreement GlobeNewswire  - Apr 22, 2015 BLAIRSVILLE, Ga. and GREENVILLE, S.C., April 22, 2015  -- United Community Banks, Inc.  , the holding company for United Community Bank, and Palmetto Bancshares, Inc.  , the&nbsp;...United Community Banks and Greenville-based Palmetto Bancshares announce ... - Greenville NewsUnited Community Bank merging with SC's Palmetto Bank - Atlanta Journal Constitution"
p3
aS"UCB 'completes' Palmetto Bank acquisition Upstate Business Journal - Feb 22, 2016 Blairsville, Ga.-based United Community Bank announced concluding its $240.5 million acquisition of former Greenville-based The Palmetto Bank with the conversion of all accounts and the completion of its rebranding efforts. UCB rolled out signage and&nbsp;..."
p4
aS'Palmetto Investment Professionals Adds Financial Advisor PR Newswire  - Aug 1, 2013 1, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- The Palmetto Bank , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Palmetto Bancshares, Inc. , and Investment Professionals, Inc., jointly announced the addition of Bryan Neill as a financial advisor with Palmetto&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Carolina Financial Corporation merges with Congaree Bancshares Inc. Upstate Business Journal - Jun 22, 2016 Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, Congaree shareholders will have the right to receive $8.10 for each share of Congaree common stock, payable at their election and subject to certain limitations, in cash or in shares of Carolina Financial ...'
p6
aS'20 Questions with Sam Erwin Greenville News - Jan 30, 2015 Sam Erwin has served as chief executive officer and president of The Palmetto Bank since July 2009 and is also the chief executive officer of Palmetto Bancshares Inc, the holding company for The Palmetto Bank. Additionally, Erwin was elected chairman ...'
p7
aS'IberiaBank Corp. to expand into Greenville GSA Business - Dec 5, 2016 Erwin was most recently Upstate regional president for United Community Bank following the purchase of Palmetto Bancshares Inc. and its subsidiary The Palmetto Bank by United Community Bank in 2015. At Palmetto Bancshares, Erwin was the chairman,&nbsp;...IBERIABANK Corporation Announces Expansion Into Greenville, South Carolina - PR Newswire IberiaBank expands into Greenville, South Carolina - The Advocate'
p8
aS"Palmetto Brewing Company offers 843 Series beers to Greenville Upstate Business Journal - Feb 5, 2016 Charleston-based Palmetto Brewing Company's limited edition 843 Series beers will be available in Greenville this month."
p9
aS'United Community Bank adds craft-beverage sector lending program Upstate Business Journal - Nov 22, 2016 United Community Bank has added a new specialized lending program to support the capital needs of the fast-growing craft beverage sector.'
p10
a.