(lp0
S'Looking at the Levels on Shares of Plantronics, Inc.  Baxter Review - 18 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for Plantronics, Inc. . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled capital into profitable&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Moody's assigns Ba2 CFR to Plantronics, Inc. Moodys.com   - May 18, 2015 New York, May 18, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service  has assigned a corporate family rating  and probability of default rating  of Ba2 and Ba2-PD, respectively, to Plantronics, Inc. . Moody's also assigned an SGL-1 ..."
p2
aS'A Sound Long Investment - Plantronics Seeking Alpha - Apr 1, 2016 Plantronics  designs, manufactures and markets lightweight telecommunication headsets for enterprises and consumers.'
p3
aS'Analysts Anticipate Plantronics Inc  to Post $0.55 Earnings Per Share Sports Perspectives - 10 hours ago Plantronics logo Equities analysts expect Plantronics Inc  to announce earnings of $0.55 per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks.The Plantronics, Inc.  Director Sells $322140.00 in Stock - Petro Global News 24'
p4
aS'Plantronics Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - Apr 17, 2017 Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Plantronics Inc  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report released on Thursday.The Plantronics, Inc.  Director Robert C. Hagerty Sells 6000 Shares - Petro Global News 24Plantronics Inc  Lowered to &quot;Sell&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - Community Financial News'
p5
aS'Plantronics Inc.: PLANTRONICS OPENS NEW OFFICE IN THE NETHERLANDS PURPOSE ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 4, 2017 Hoofddorp, Netherlands - April 4, 2017-Plantronics , a global leader in audio communications, today unveiled its new office in Hoofddorp, Netherlands that is designed to show how the right mix of acoustic expertise, state-of-the-art ...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Plantronics Inc  is Beating ViaSat Inc  CML News - Mar 30, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Plantronics Inc  versus ViaSat Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Plantronics Inc  Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. - Chaffey BreezeThe Plantronics Inc  Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p7
aS'Equity in Focus as Analysts Weigh in  Plantronics, Inc.  The Herald - Apr 14, 2017 This research may also include ratings and estimates in the reports. Investors have the option to track analyst projections in order to help piece together valuable information.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Brocade Communications Systems Inc  versus ... CML News - Apr 5, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Brocade Communications Systems Inc  versus Plantronics Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Plantronics Inc  Stake Reduced by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP The Cerbat Gem - Apr 11, 2017 Plantronics logo Dimensional Fund Advisors LP cut its stake in Plantronics Inc  by 1.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.'
p10
a.