(lp0
S'Potomac Capital Partners Sends Open Letter To Stockholders Of PLX Technology, Inc. PR Newswire  - Oct 25, 2013 NEW YORK, Oct. 25, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Potomac Capital Partners II, L.P., who beneficially owns, together with its affiliates, approximately 9.8% of the outstanding common stock of PLX Technology, Inc. , today announced that it&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Broadcom Nearing Deal to Settle Lawsuit Over 2014 PLX Technology Takeover Wall Street Journal - Aug 17, 2016 Broadcom Ltd. is nearing a deal to settle a shareholder lawsuit accusing it of underpaying in a 2014 takeover of PLX Technology Inc., according to people familiar with the matter, a case that also leveled allegations of conflicts of interest at PLX's ..."
p2
aS'PLX Technology to Acquire Teranetics, the Leading Supplier of 10 Gigabit ... Business Wire  - Sep 23, 2010 SUNNYVALE, Calif.----PLX Technology, Inc. [NASDAQ: PLXT], the leader in connectivity solutions for the data center and the home, today announced it has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Potomac Sends Letter To The Board Of Directors Of PLX Technology PR Newswire  - Feb 13, 2013 NEW YORK, Feb. 13, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Potomac Capital Management II, LLC , today announced that it delivered a second letter to the Board of Directors  of PLX Technology, Inc. (&quot;PLX&quot; or the ...'
p4
aS'PLX Technology Site Visit - ExpressFabric Demonstration TweakTown - Apr 17, 2014 PLX Technology Inc. has been developing leading I/O interconnect silicon and software since 1994. Many associate PLX Technology with PCI Express switches and bridges, but they also manufacture USB controllers, legacy PCI bridges, and consumer&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Integrated Device Tech , PLX Tech  Terminate Merger StreetInsider.com  - Dec 20, 2012 Integrated Device Technology, Inc.  and PLX Technology, Inc.  announced that they have mutually agreed to terminate their merger agreement pursuant to which IDT would acquire PLX Technology.'
p6
aS'Avago Tech  to Acquire PLX Technology  in $309M Deal StreetInsider.com  - Jun 23, 2014 Avago Tech  and PLX Technology, Inc.  announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Avago will acquire PLX, a leader in PCI Express silicon and software connectivity solutions, in an all-cash&nbsp;...Avago to buy PLX Technology in $309M deal - Silicon Valley Business JournalWhy PLX Technology  Stock Is Up Today  - TheStreet.com'
p7
aS'Avago Tech  Completes Tender for PLX Technology  StreetInsider.com  - Aug 12, 2014 ... Inc., to acquire outstanding shares of common stock of PLX Technology, Inc. , a leader in PCI Express silicon and software connectivity solutions.'
p8
aS'PLX Technology Closes Acquisition of Oxford Semiconductor Design and Reuse  - Jan 5, 2009 January 5, 2009 -- PLX Technology, Inc. , a leading global supplier of PCI Express  switch and bridge silicon, today announced it has closed its acquisition of Oxford Semiconductor, Inc., a privately held fabless provider of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Potomac Capital Believes Change Is Needed At PLX Technology To Ensure Mistakes ... PR Newswire  - Nov 13, 2013 Potomac Capital Partners II, L.P., together with its affiliates , is the largest stockholder of PLX Technology, Inc. , beneficially owning approximately 10.3% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company.'
p10
a.