(lp0
S'Market: The BlackRock Advisors LLC Has $1203000 Position in Pinnacle Financial ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 27, 2017 Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in Pinnacle Financial Partners by 0.9% in the second quarter. New York State Teachers ...'
p1
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners Reports Diluted Earnings Per Share For First Quarter The Chattanoogan - 9 hours ago Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. reported net income per diluted common share of $0.82 for the quarter ended March 31, compared to net income per diluted common share of $0.68 for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, an increase of 20.6 percent.Can Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc  Continue To Outperform Its Industry? - Simply Wall StTeachers Advisors LLC Has $19.938 Million Position in Pinnacle Financial ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"BRIEF-Pinnacle Financial Partners obtains regulatory approvals to acquire BNC ... Reuters - Apr 6, 2017 By Howard Schneider MOBILE, Ala., April 7 In the years since the 2008 financial crisis, this southern U.S. port city has attracted a new Airbus factory, seen its steel industry retool, and gained thousands of jobs building the Navy's new combat vessel ..."
p3
aS"Pinnacle, First Tennessee banks square off in new court documents Nashville Business Journal - Apr 11, 2017 First Tennessee Bank's nearly two-year-old lawsuit against Nashville's largest homegrown lender Pinnacle Financial Partners comes down to one question: Did Damon Bell, while still employed by First Tennessee, recruit First Tennessee employees to join&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Pinnacle Financial Partners Obtains Regulatory Approvals to Acquire BNC Bancorp Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.   and BNC Bancorp   announced today that Pinnacle has received approvals of its applications to merge with BNC from the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, the&nbsp;...Regulators approve local bank's biggest deal yet - Nashville Business JournalPinnacle Financial gets regulatory approval to merge BNC Bancorp - Banking Business Review"
p5
aS'Colgate-Palmolive Company  Stake Lowered by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Colgate-Palmolive Company logo Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. reduced its position in Colgate-Palmolive Company  by 4.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.'
p6
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 31 Equities.com - Mar 31, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 31, as the stock lost 0.78% to close at $66.45.Hot Stocks Among Investors: Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. , ACADIA ... - Post AnalystRussell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $1367000 in Pinnacle Financial Partners ... - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Pinnacle Financial Partners  to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday The Cerbat Gem - Apr 15, 2017 Pinnacle Financial Partners logo Pinnacle Financial Partners  will be issuing its quarterly earnings data on Monday, April 17th.Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Pinnacle Financial Partners  Will Post ... - BBNSThe Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.  Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS'Traders Take Note: Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc  Stock Drops ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Take Note: Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Titans Host Pinnacle's New Associate Orientation at Nissan Stadium Titansonline.com - Mar 28, 2017 The Titans supported their long-time partnership with Pinnacle Financial Partners by hosting the first day of a three-day orientation for new associates at Nissan Stadium on Friday, March 24."
p10
a.