(lp0
S'Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June ... Nasdaq - Jun 21, 2016 Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on June 22, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.34 per share is scheduled to be paid on July 15, 2016.'
p1
aS'Does The Piedmont Natural Gas Buyout Present An Opportunity? Seeking Alpha - Nov 12, 2015 On October 26, 2015, Piedmont Natural Gas announced they agreed to be acquired by Duke Energy  for $4.9 billion in cash .Will renewables upend the need for natural gas pipelines? - Staunton News LeaderUtilities Buying Gas Pipelines Better Watch Out for Batteries - Bloomberg'
p2
aS'Duke Energy to Buy Piedmont Natural Gas for $4.9 Billion Wall Street Journal - Oct 26, 2015 Duke Energy Corp. said it would buy Piedmont Natural Gas for $4.9 billion, as the electric utility tries to bulk up on gas assets that offer reliable profit margins and good growth prospects.Piedmont Natural Gas  Stock Spikes Following Acquisition by Duke Energy - TheStreet.com'
p3
aS'Piedmont Natural Gas agrees to $160M sale of SouthStar stake Charlotte Business Journal  - Feb 18, 2016 Georgia Natural Gas gave notice to Piedmont  in mid-December that it would purchase the final 15% of SouthStar, a multi-state gas transportation company. Georgia Natural Gas had the right to purchase the stake in the 17-year-old joint venture&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Piedmont Natural Gas' Thomas E. Skains to Retire with Close of Duke Energy ... PR Newswire  - Nov 6, 2015 The Company intends to file with the SEC and mail to its shareholders a proxy statement in connection with the proposed merger transaction.Piedmont Natural Gas CEO Skains to retire - Charlotte ObserverDominion CEO on whether his company will snap up pipeline shares after Duke ... - Charlotte Business Journal "
p5
aS"Piedmont Natural Gas to sell remaining shares in joint venture Charlotte Business Journal  - Dec 18, 2015 The limited liability company's agreement controlling the 17-year-old venture - which was reworked in 2013 - gives Georgia Natural Gas the option to purchase Piedmont's shares at fair market value in the event that Piedmont is purchased. The two ..."
p6
aS'Duke Energy purchase of Piedmont Natural Gas to close Monday Charlotte Observer - Sep 29, 2016 Charlotte-based Duke Energy on Thursday said it has received the final approval it needs from the North Carolina Utilities Commission to complete its $4.9 billion purchase of Piedmont Natural Gas. The two Charlotte companies view the transaction as an&nbsp;...NC regulator OKs Duke Energy-Piedmont Natural Gas merger - WXII The TriadNC regulators approve $4.9B Duke Energy-Piedmont Natural Gas deal - Charlotte Business Journal'
p7
aS"Moody's affirms Piedmont Natural Gas' ratings; outlook stable Moodys.com   - Oct 27, 2015 New York, October 27, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service,  affirmed the ratings of Piedmont Natural Gas Company Inc. . The Prime-1 short-term rating of Piedmont was also affirmed. These rating actions follow yesterday's&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Done deal: Duke Energy, Piedmont Natural Gas complete $4.9 billion merger Charlotte Business Journal - Oct 3, 2016 Frank Yoho, formerly Piedmont's chief commercial officer, is now the head of the combined company's natural gas operations. That includes Duke's 525,000 natural gas customers in Ohio and Kentucky and Piedmont's 1 million customers in the Carolinas and&nbsp;...Duke Energy acquires Piedmont Natural Gas - WSPA.com"
p9
aS"Duke Energy-Piedmont Natural Gas merger offers stability, diversity, execs say Charlotte Observer - Jul 19, 2016 Duke Energy's acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas will create a company that's more diverse in its operations and more regulated than the current Duke, increasing stable cash flows, company executives said Tuesday. The executives testified before the N ...Duke Energy, PNG Waiting on Approval for Merger - TWC News"
p10
a.