(lp0
S"Pilgrim's Pride to invest $13M in Triad hatchery, add 17 jobs Triad Business Journal - Apr 3, 2017 Pilgrim's Pride Corp., a poultry producer based in Greeley, Colo., is reopening a hatchery in Randolph County that it had shuttered a few years ago, with plans to invest $13 million in renovations and equipment while also adding up to 17 jobs.146472 Shares in Pilgrim's Pride Co.  Acquired by Highbridge Capital ... - Sports PerspectivesPilgrim's investing $13M to reopen Colo. hatchery - Longview News-Journal"
p1
aS"Pilgrim's Pride Corp. Recalls Poultry Products Due To Possible Foreign Matter ... USDA.gov  - Apr 26, 2016 WASHINGTON, April 26, 2016 - Pilgrim's Pride Corp., a Waco, Texas establishment, is recalling approximately 4,568,080 pounds of fully cooked chicken products that may be contaminated with extraneous materials, including plastic, wood, rubber, and metal ..."
p2
aS"Pilgrim's Pride: Recent Declines Present Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Feb 7, 2017 Pilgrim's Pride  is the second largest poultry producer in the world. The Greely, Colorado corporation boasts that it supplies 1 out of every 5 chickens in the US. The company has a market capitalization of nearly $4.6 billion. I have decided ...Chicken processors face farmer lawsuit - Longview News-Journal"
p3
aS"Pilgrim's Pride closes GNP purchase, lays off 30 people Minneapolis Star Tribune - Jan 12, 2017 Pilgrim's Pride Corp. finalized the purchase of St. Cloud-based GNP Co. and immediately laid off 30 people at GNP's central Minnesota headquarters.Pilgrim's Pride to axe 30 corporate GNP positions mostly in St. Cloud - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal"
p4
aS"Thoughts On The GNP Acquisition By Pilgrim's Pride Seeking Alpha - Nov 30, 2016 The recent announcement that Pilgrim's Pride  will be acquiring GNP Company is a welcome reprieve to those of us that see the value in the company.Pilgrim's Pride Strengthens Branded Portfolio with Agreement to Purchase GNP ... - GlobeNewswire Chicken deal: Pilgrim's Pride buys St. Cloud-based Gold'n Plump for $350 million - Minneapolis Star Tribune"
p5
aS"Pilgrim's Pride: Shorts' Feathers Remain Ruffled Seeking Alpha - Oct 30, 2016 Pilgrim's Pride  has gotten very little love from the market heading into the back half of 2016. It's a shame, because this is a quality company that simply can't seem to catch a break."
p6
aS"Which Way is The Street Betting Pilgrim's Pride Corporation  Will Go? Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago According to the latest data, investors are looking at Pilgrim's Pride Corporation 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p7
aS"Pilgrim's Pride Has A Small Margin Of Safety Seeking Alpha - Jan 21, 2017 Pilgrim's Pride  can be a tentative investment for investors seeking to diversify their portfolio into a solid poultry business."
p8
aS"Market Desk: Stock Update for Pilgrim's Pride Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 6 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. Pilgrim's Pride Corporation  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 6697887. The EV is used to show how the market assigns value&nbsp;...Floating Price Update: Pilgrim's Pride Corporation's  - Is stories"
p9
aS"Can Pilgrim's Pride Corporation's  Balance Sheet Cause A Problem For The ... Simply Wall St - Apr 11, 2017 Mid-caps stocks, like Pilgrim's Pride Corporation  with a market capitalization of USD $5.64 Billion, aren't the focus of most investors who prefer to direct their investments towards either large-cap or small-cap stocks.Pilgrim's Pride Corporation and Tootsie Roll Industries Inc. Head to Head Compare - CML NewsStocks: The Pilgrim's Pride Corporation  Given Average Recommendation of ... - Petro Global News 24"
p10
a.