(lp0
S"The Smithfield Trust Co. Buys 142 Shares of PPG Industries, Inc.  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of PPG. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of PPG Industries by 1,076.4% in the third quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 1,047 shares of the company's ..."
p1
aS'Market: The PPG Industries, Inc.  Stake Decreased by Boston Private ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 4, 2017 Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its stake in PPG Industries by 0.4% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,561 shares of the&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Form 425 AKZO NOBEL NV Filed by: PPG INDUSTRIES INC StreetInsider.com - 19 hours ago At PPG, we have a long, proven history of consistently executing strategic actions to grow our business and create value - strengthening our company for the benefit of all stakeholders.PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid - MarketWatch'
p3
aS'PPG Industries Buys Remaining 50% Interest In IVC JV In Asia - Quick Facts Nasdaq - Apr 6, 2017  - Coatings and specialty products maker PPG Industries Inc.  said it has purchased the remaining 50 percent ownership interest in its Asian joint venture comprising IVC  Sdn Bhd and IVC-OPS  Pte.'
p4
aS"PPG Said to Prepare New Akzo Bid After $22.4 Billion Failed Bloomberg - Mar 20, 2017 PPG Industries Inc. is preparing a renewed takeover bid for Akzo Nobel NV, according to people familiar with the matter, taking a second run at Europe's largest coatings company after a previous offer was rejected.PPG prepares new bid for Akzo Nobel after first offer failed: Bloomberg - MarketWatchPPG Increases Its Offer For Akzo Nobel - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"PPG Industries, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc BNB Daily  - 3 hours ago PPG Industries logo PPG Industries, Inc. 's stock had its market perform rating reissued by stock analysts at Citigroup Inc in a report issued on Friday.PPG Industries to announce dividend increase - NasdaqPPG Industries  Receiving Very Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS"Latest Updates :PPG Industries, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $104.42 ... Hot Stocks Point - 19 hours ago PPG Industries, Inc.  stock price ended its day with loss -0.61% and finalized at the price of $104.42. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 0.86 million shares."
p7
aS'PPG Industries Buys Remaining Interest in IVC Joint Venture Yahoo Finance - Apr 7, 2017 PPG Industries PPG said that it has purchased the remaining 50% ownership interest in its Asian joint venture consisting of IVC  Sdn Bhd and IVC-OPS  Pte.PPG Industries, Inc.  Bought Remaining 50% Ownership Interest In Its ... - eMarketsDailyAtlantic Securities Upgrades PPG Industries, Inc.  to Overweight - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS'PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Apr 5, 2017 PPG Industries, Inc.  manufactures and distributes a range of coatings, specialty materials and glass products.Just the Facts on PPG Industries, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalPPG Declares Completion of $3 Million Expansion at Wisconsin - Yahoo Finance'
p9
aS'PPG Industries Inc.: PPG acquires minority stake in Taiwan Chlorine Industries The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 11, 2017 PITTSBURGH, Apr. 11, 2017 - PPG  today announced that it has acquired a 40 percent ownership interest in Taiwan Chlorine Industries Ltd.  from China Petrochemical Development Corporation . TCI was established in 1986 as a&nbsp;...'
p10
a.