(lp0
S'Perceptron Inc Risk Points versus Technology CML News - Apr 6, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Perceptron Inc  compared to its own past and the Technology ETF.'
p1
aS'Perceptron May Have Turned The Corner Seeking Alpha - Sep 13, 2016 Perceptron  has been around since 1981, but has lagged behind its industry peers in growth, execution, and performance.'
p2
aS'5 of the Best Stocks Under $10 for 2017 Zacks.com - Jan 3, 2017 Perceptron, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets information based process measurement and guidance solutions which help customers improve performance.'
p3
aS'Perceptron: Private Value Greater Than Current Market Price Attracts Activist Seeking Alpha - May 2, 2016 Perceptron, Inc.  develops and sells automated industrial measuring products and solutions in the Americas, Europe, and Asia.'
p4
aS"Perceptron Appoints William C. Taylor, James A. Ratigan and John F. Bryant to ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 9, 2016 PLYMOUTH, Mich., Aug. 09, 2016  -- Perceptron, Inc.  today announced that William C. Taylor, James A. Ratigan and John F. Bryant have joined the Company's Board of Directors."
p5
aS'Option Market Alert: Perceptron Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Elevated Level CML News - Apr 11, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Perceptron Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p6
aS'Perceptron, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Apr 14, 2017 Perceptron, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.Analysts See $-0.02 EPS for Perceptron, Inc. ; Shorts at Adecoagro SA ... - HuronReport'
p7
aS'Perceptron, Inc.  Cut to &quot;Hold&quot; at Zacks Investment Research Chaffey Breeze - 19 hours ago Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Perceptron, Inc.  from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Wednesday.The Perceptron, Inc.  Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p8
aS'Perceptron Inc. Acquires CMM Designer, Manufacturer COORD3, CMM Software Developer Quality Magazine - Feb 3, 2015 &quot;The acquisitions of Coord3 and Next Metrology illustrate the progress we are making to implement our strategic plan,&quot; said Jeffrey M. Armstrong, chief executive officer of Perceptron. &quot;These transactions expand and diversify our offerings in the ...'
p9
aS'Perceptron Announces Appointment of David Watza as President and Chief ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 17, 2016 PLYMOUTH, Mich., Nov. 17, 2016  -- Perceptron, Inc.  today announced that the Board of Directors of the Company appointed David Watza to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective&nbsp;...'
p10
a.