(lp0
S'Proto Labs Reaches Settlement with ICO Products on Quoting Technology Business Wire  - Apr 11, 2017 MAPLE PLAIN, Minn.----Digital manufacturing company Proto Labs, Inc.  and ICO Products, an Ohio-based plastic injection molding manufacturer, have reached an agreement to settle an ongoing patent infringement dispute&nbsp;...Proto Labs Inc  Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemProto Labs, Inc.  loses confidence of 32 hedge fund managers - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'The Record-Breaking Streak Ends at Proto Labs, Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 28, 2016 This morning, Proto Labs  failed to report record revenue for the 15th consecutive quarter. Instead, the quick-turn manufacturer reported that its sales grew by a still-impressive 24% year over year to $72.6 million, which increased earnings ...'
p2
aS'Proto Labs Inc  Position Cut by New York State Teachers Retirement System The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Proto Labs logo New York State Teachers Retirement System lowered its stake in shares of Proto Labs Inc  by 26.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.'
p3
aS"Why Proto Labs Inc.'s Shares Popped 17% Today Motley Fool - Feb 9, 2017 Shares of rapid manufacturer Proto Labs Inc.  jumped as much as 16.5% on Thursday after the company reported earnings.Proto Labs  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaProto Labs Introduces Rapid Insert Molding Service - Advanced Manufacturing"
p4
aS'Proto Labs Inc. Manufactures Another Record Motley Fool - Feb 4, 2016 On Thursday morning, Proto Labs  reported that its fourth-quarter revenue increased by 32% year over year to $73.8 million, marking its 14th consecutive quarter of record sales.'
p5
aS"How Proto Labs Inc. Strives to Make Employees Happy Motley Fool - Dec 28, 2014 I recently had the opportunity to engage over email with Renee Conklin, Proto Labs'  vice president of human resources, about the company's culture, employee morale, how it cultivates talent, and more."
p6
aS"Holt says Proto Labs' rapid growth 'doesn't happen on its own' Plastics News - Aug 19, 2015 Vicki Holt's team at Proto Labs Inc. has taken prototype manufacturing and shipping to the extreme. Want that prototype in two weeks?"
p7
aS"Proto Labs hires new chief revenue officer Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - Dec 16, 2016 Fein was previously executive vice president of California-based semiconductor company PMC-Sierra Inc. As CRO, Fein will be charged with driving sales and sustaining profits for Proto Lab's global business. Vicki Holt, president and CEO of Proto Labs ..."
p8
aS'Macro Headwinds Provide Good Entry Point For Proto Labs, Says Canaccord Benzinga - Sep 2, 2016 Shares of Proto Labs Inc  have declined &quot;substantially&quot; due to U.S. macro concerns regarding industrial production, according to Bobby Burleson of Canaccord Genuity.'
p9
aS'Why Proto Labs Inc Shares Plunged 25% Last Month Motley Fool - Nov 8, 2016 What happened. Shares of rapid prototyping company Proto Labs Inc  fell 25.4% in October, according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence, after it reported third-quarter earnings.'
p10
a.