(lp0
S'Pericom Semiconductor  Rejects Montage Technology Group Takeover Offer StreetInsider.com - Oct 26, 2015 Pericom Semiconductor  announced that its Board of Directors, after continued consultation with its independent financial advisors and outside legal counsel, has unanimously rejected the unsolicited revised acquisition offer that Pericom&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Pericom Semiconductor  Board Rejects Montage Technology Offer  StreetInsider.com - Nov 18, 2015 Pericom Semiconductor  announced that its Board of Directors, after consultation with its independent financial advisors and outside legal counsel, has unanimously rejected the unsolicited revised acquisition offer that Pericom received ...'
p2
aS'Diodes Incorporated to Acquire Pericom Semiconductor Corporation Business Wire  - Sep 3, 2015 BUSINESS WIRE)--Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic and analog semiconductor markets and Pericom Semiconductor&nbsp;...Pericom Semiconductor Corp. Soars on Acquisition by Diodes Inc. - Motley FoolPericom Semiconductors  Stock Soars on $400 Million Sale to Diodes - TheStreet.com'
p3
aS'Diodes Incorporated Completes Acquisition of Pericom Semiconductor Business Wire  - Nov 25, 2015 PLANO, Texas----Diodes Incorporated , a leading global manufacturer and supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic and analog semiconductor markets, today announced&nbsp;...Diodes closes Pericom acquisition - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Diodes Ups Offer for Pericom EE Times - Nov 9, 2015 SAN FRANCISCOPericom Semiconductor Corp. said Monday  its board of directors agreed to a revised offer from discrete and analog chip vendor Diodes Inc. to acquire Pericom for about $413 million.'
p5
aS'Pericom Expands USB Type-C Product Portfolio With DisplayPort &amp; Lowest Power ... Marketwired  - Nov 2, 2015 MILPITAS, CA-- - Pericom Semiconductor Corporation , a leading supplier of serial high-speed switching, connectivity, signal-integrity and timing solutions, today announced the addition of new signal integrity&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"China's Montage Technology to buy Pericom in $430 million deal Reuters - Sep 30, 2015 China's analog chip maker Montage Technology Group Ltd said it has offered to buy Pericom Semiconductor Corp in a deal valued at about $430 million, trumping an offer from Diodes Inc earlier this month.Montage Technology Group Limited Proposes to Acquire Pericom for $18.50 Per Share - Business Wire "
p7
aS'Pericom Semi Rejects Montage Tech $430 Million Buyout; Diodes Wins Out for Now TheStreet.com - Oct 27, 2015 Montage Technology expressed frustration that the board of Pericom Semiconductor  rejected its $430 million bid, even though the hostile suitor included &quot;hell or high water&quot; provisions to assuage concerns about financing and regulatory approval.'
p8
aS"Pericom cleans up automotive PCIe Electronics Weekly - Mar 10, 2016 As well, PI7C9X2G308GP is the industry's only PCIe 2.0 packet switch that supports x4 upstream to 2 x2 ports downstream, and AECQ 3-Port / 4-Lane packet switch for infotainment applications, claimed Pericom. There are also PCIe 2.0 packet switches ..."
p9
aS'Montage Technology Group Sends Revised Binding Offer and Merger Agreement to ... Business Wire  - Nov 4, 2015 MILPITAS, Cailf.----Montage Technology Group Limited  today announced that it has sent to Pericom Semiconductor Corporation   a revised binding offer and merger agreement with significantly&nbsp;...'
p10
a.