(lp0
S'Lawsuit for Investors in  Shares Against Power Solutions ... Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago SAN DIEGO, CA / ACCESSWIRE / April 17, 2017 / The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. announces that a lawsuit is pending on behalf of certain purchasers of  shares against Power Solutions International Inc. over alleged Violations of Securities Laws.Power Solutions International Inc  Given &quot;Buy&quot; Rating at Craig Hallum - BBNSPower Solutions International Inc  Receives $16.83 Consensus Price ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Power Solutions International Announces Receipt of Additional Notice From Nasdaq GlobeNewswire  - Mar 29, 2017 WOOD DALE, Ill., March 29, 2017  -- Power Solutions International, Inc.  , a leader in the design, engineer and manufacture of emissions-certified, alternative-fuel power systems, announced that on March&nbsp;...Guess Who Picked Power Solutions International Inc.  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive Will Power Solutions International Inc  Continue To Underperform Its ... - Simply Wall St'
p2
aS'Power Solutions International Announces Closing of Strategic Investment and ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 3, 2017 WOOD DALE, Ill., April 03, 2017  -- Power Solutions International, Inc.  , a leader in the design, engineer and manufacture of emissions-certified, alternative-fuel power systems, announced the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Power Solutions International Inc.  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Apr 7, 2017 In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Power Solutions International Inc.EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Investigation of Securities Claims ... - Yahoo FinanceAnalyst Hints Surrounding Power Solutions International, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p4
aS"CLARK Launches New Forklift Powered by Power Solutions International's 2.4L ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 5, 2017 WOOD DALE, Ill., April 05, 2017  -- Power Solutions International, Inc.  , a leader in the design, engineering and manufacture of emissions-certified, alternative-fuel power systems, today announced that Lexington,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Power Solutions International Appoints Frazier &amp; Deeter as New Audit Firm GlobeNewswire  - Feb 10, 2017 WOOD DALE, Ill., Feb. 10, 2017  -- Power Solutions International, Inc.  , a leader in the design, engineer and manufacture of emissions-certified, alternative-fuel power systems, announced that it has&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Trading Ledger: Keeping an Eye on Power Solutions International, Inc. (NASDAQ ... Benton Bulletin - 11 hours ago Power Solutions International, Inc.  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 3. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p7
aS"Power Solutions Sees Downgrades After SEC Investigation, Trading Halt Benzinga - Feb 6, 2017 Power Solutions International Inc  was downgraded by three analysts Monday after the company's shares lost more than half their value Friday and trading was temporarily halted.Power Solutions downgraded as resignation of accountant, CFO leaves too much ... - MarketWatch"
p8
aS'Enchanted Rock Signs Mutually Exclusive Supply Agreement with Power Solutions ... PR Newswire  - Jan 17, 2017 HOUSTON, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Power Solutions International, Inc. , Professional Power Products, Inc. , a subsidiary of PSI and Enchanted Rock, Ltd.Power Solutions International Signs Mutually Exclusive Supply Agreement with ... - GlobeNewswire '
p9
aS'Power Solutions International Inc.  Soars 6.15% on February 15 Equities.com - Feb 15, 2017 Power Solutions International Inc.  had a good day on the market for Wednesday February 15 as shares jumped 6.15% to close at $3.80.'
p10
a.