(lp0
S'Park Sterling Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 17 Equities.com - 12 hours ago Park Sterling Corp is a bank holding company. The Company through its subsidiary provides banking products, including personal, business and non-profit checking accounts, IOLTA accounts, individual retirement, &amp; business &amp; personal money market&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Charlotte's Park Sterling Corp. to buy Virginia bank Charlotte Observer - Oct 1, 2015 The parent company of Park Sterling Bank announced Thursday that it's signed an agreement to acquire a Virginia lender, marking the latest expansion push by the Charlotte-based company.Park Sterling to gain footing in area with First Capital purchase - Richmond Times-DispatchPark Sterling Bank to buy First Capital Bank, expand presence in Richmond - Charlotte Business Journal "
p2
aS"Park Sterling completes acquisition of First Capital Bancorp. Charlotte Observer  - Jan 4, 2016 The parent company of Charlotte-based Park Sterling Bank announced Monday that it has completed its acquisition of Virginia's First Capital Bancorp.Park Sterling names leadership team for Richmond area - Richmond Times-DispatchPark Sterling closes latest acquisition - Charlotte Business Journal "
p3
aS'Former Wachovia executive to become CFO at Park Sterling Charlotte Observer  - Feb 5, 2016 Truslow, 57, is replacing David Gaines, 56, who is leaving Park Sterling Corp. at the end of March to pursue other interests, the bank said.'
p4
aS'Park Sterling Corp  Receives Consensus Rating of &quot;Hold&quot; from Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - Apr 16, 2017 Park Sterling Corp logo Park Sterling Corp  has been assigned a consensus recommendation of Hold from the nine ratings firms that are presently covering the company.The Park Sterling Corp  Receives $10.38 Average PT from Analysts - Petro Global News 24'
p5
aS"Park Sterling's second-quarter profits up 30 percent Charlotte Observer - Jul 28, 2016 The Charlotte-based parent company of Park Sterling Bank said Thursday its second-quarter profits grew about 30 percent from the same period last year, as revenue from lending and fees increased."
p6
aS"Park Sterling seeks to boost commercial lending in Charlotte region Charlotte Observer  - Jun 14, 2016 Park Sterling Corp. is stepping up efforts to lend to larger businesses in the Charlotte metropolitan area, underscoring the Charlotte bank's push to increase revenue as low interest rates crimp the industry's profitability."
p7
aS'Capital Bank, Park Sterling report 4Q profits affected by merger deals Charlotte Observer - Jan 26, 2017 Two Charlotte-based regional banks Thursday reported fourth-quarter earnings that included higher expenses from recent acquisitions.'
p8
aS'Park Sterling Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 13 Equities.com - Apr 13, 2017 Park Sterling Corp is a bank holding company. The Company through its subsidiary provides banking products, including personal, business and non-profit checking accounts, IOLTA accounts, individual retirement, &amp; business &amp; personal money market&nbsp;...Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Park Sterling ... - Sports PerspectivesRussell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in Park Sterling Corp  - BBNS'
p9
aS"Park Sterling's first-quarter profit falls 28 percent Charlotte Observer - Apr 28, 2016 Park Sterling Corp. reported net income of $2.7 million compared with $3.8 million a year earlier, as it recorded roughly $5.2 million in merger-related costs associated with the First Capital acquisition."
p10
a.