(lp0
S'Why Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc Is Plunging Today Motley Fool - Aug 18, 2016 What: Shares of Portola Pharmaceuticals , a clinical-stage biotech focused primarily on hematologic diseases, are down by more than 18% as of 10:40 a.m.Portola Pharmaceuticals Receives Complete Response Letter from FDA for ... - GlobeNewswire Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc : A Misinterpretation Discount? - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS"Why Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc Stock Surged Higher Today Motley Fool - Dec 23, 2016 Shares of clinical stage anticoagulant specialist Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc  rose 33.5% at the end of Friday's session.Portola Shares Surge on Application Acceptance - Wall Street Journal"
p2
aS'Portola Pharmaceuticals Enters into $50 Million Loan Agreement with Bristol ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 19, 2016 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Dec. 19, 2016  -- Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc.  today announced it has signed a $50 million loan agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company  and Pfizer Inc.Bristol-Myers Squibb Co  and Pfizer Inc.  Agree To $50 ... - Market Exclusive'
p3
aS"Portola Pharmaceuticals Announces Betrixaban and AndexXa (andexanet alfa ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 7, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 07, 2017  -- Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc.  today announced that new data from the pivotal Phase 3 APEX Study of the Company's investigational drug betrixaban will be&nbsp;...Rating Change on Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  - Energy IndexNext Weeks Broker Price Targets For Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard"
p4
aS'Why Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Increased 11.6% in April Motley Fool - May 11, 2016 What: Shares of Portola Pharmaceuticals , a clinical-stage pioneer of novel blood clot related therapeutics, rose 11.6% last month, according to data from S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.'
p5
aS"Portola Pharmaceuticals' Pivotal Year Barron's - Dec 27, 2016 In conjunction with this news we raise our Portola  discounted-cash-flow-derived target price to $29 , mainly driven by a change in our probability of success  assumptions for betrixaban."
p6
aS'Equity in Focus as Analysts Weigh in - Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  The Herald - 3 hours ago Monitoring analyst opinions on a company they track might assist investors with gathering vital information. Out of the 3 covering analysts offering stock ratings for Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , 3 have shares pegged a Strong Buy while ...'
p7
aS"-$1.20 Earnings Per Share Expected for Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc  This ... Markets Daily - 6 hours ago Portola Pharmaceuticals logo Brokerages expect Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc  to announce earnings of  per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports.Noticeable Buzzer: Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s  - Is storiesPortola Pharmaceuticals Inc  Short Interest Down 5.1% in March - Sports Perspectives"
p8
aS"Portola Pharmaceuticals Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results and ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 7, 2016 Portola Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company developing product candidates that could significantly advance the fields of thrombosis and other hematologic diseases.Portola Pharmaceuticals'  CEO Bill Lis on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings ... - Seeking Alpha"
p9
aS'Portola Pharmaceuticals Announces New APEX Study Sub-Analyses Data to be ... GlobeNewswire  - Nov 7, 2016 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Nov. 07, 2016  -- Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc.  today announced that results of new sub-analyses of the Phase 3 APEX Study of betrixaban, conducted by Dr.'
p10
a.