(lp0
S'Pernix Therapeutics to Report Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 15, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., March 15, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on Pain and CNS conditions, announced today that the Company will report financial results&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Dip Could Be A Discount Entry ... Insider Financial - Mar 29, 2017 Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  has taken a hit this week on the back of management putting out the company's latest financials and holding a conference call to accompany the release.Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. | $PTX Stock | Shares Take A Dive On Poor ... - TickerTV News Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Q4 2016 Prescription Volumes ... - StockNewsUnion"
p2
aS"An Investor's Rationale To Staying Long Pernix Therapeutics Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 I am long Pernix Therapeutics  stock and, while I may have gotten to the point of where I play hide and seek with the daily share price fluctuations, I am far from throwing in the towel on this company.Analyst Hints Surrounding Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.  - Post Analyst"
p3
aS'Speculating On Pernix Therapeutics Seeking Alpha - Jun 2, 2016 The past two months have not been good for Pernix Therapeutics . After missing fourth quarter earnings by nearly 59 times the estimate, the stock has seen a steady decline from around $2.25 to $0.46 as of the Wednesday, June 1st close.'
p4
aS'Pernix Therapeutics Appoints Ken Pia as General Counsel and Chief Compliance ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 6, 2017 MORRISTOWN, N.J., Jan. 06, 2017  -- Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a specialty pharmaceutical company with a focus on pain and CNS conditions, today announced the appointment of Ken Pia as Senior Vice&nbsp;...Pernix Therapeutics taps Pia as top legal exec - Seeking Alpha'
p5
aS'What The Latest Ruling Means For Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Insider Financial - Feb 24, 2017 Back at the beginning of February, we took a look at Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  as part of this piece. The driver behind our turning our attention to Pernix was a then just-reported litigation outcome, detailing the conclusion of a ...'
p6
aS"Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Just Made Itself A Lot More ... Insider Financial - Feb 7, 2017 We've covered Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  on numerous occasions over the last six months. The company has been a tough one to hold from a long-term shareholder perspective, but as we have said in the past, there looks to be a light&nbsp;...GSK Nabs $40M Arbitral Award In Migraine Drug Row - Law360 "
p7
aS'Pernix Therapeutics: Turnaround In Progress Seeking Alpha - Aug 22, 2016 The Pernix Therapeutics  that many investors knew six months ago is long gone. Under the recent leadership of John Sedor, Chairman and CEO, the company has progressed rapidly to transform Pernix into a more focused and streamlined&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  Remains A Strong Buyout Candidate Insider Financial - Jan 9, 2017 Back on August 3, we made a bold suggestion. In this article, we suggested that Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc  was in the early stages of dressing itself up for a buyout.Pernix Therapeutics  Stock Continues To Run Upward - CNA Finance '
p9
aS'Pernix Therapeutics Holdings  Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Aug 12, 2016 On the call today are Graham Miao, President and Chief Financial Officer; George Jones, Vice President of Sales and Marketing; and Angus Smith, Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning of Pernix Therapeutics. ... as President and the ...Brean Capital Heads to Sidelines on Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX ... - Smarter Analyst'
p10
a.