(lp0
S'Penn Virginia Corporation Emerges From Bankruptcy after 4 Months Oil & Gas 360 - Sep 13, 2016 The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia on August 11, 2016, confirmed that Penn Virginia Corporation has satisfied the conditions precedent to the effectiveness of its Plan of Reorganization. The company had filed voluntary ...Newly relocated Houston energy co. exits bankruptcy, creates new board roster - Houston Business JournalPenn Virginia Corporation Emerges From Bankruptcy - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS"Penn Virginia Files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection Wall Street Journal - May 12, 2016 Energy producer Penn Virginia Corp., one of the largest oil and natural gas drillers in Texas' Eagle Ford Shale, filed for bankruptcy Thursday after halting drilling in February.Penn Virginia, one of the region's oldest businesses, files for bankruptcy ... - Philly.comOil producer Penn Virginia files for bankruptcy protection - Reuters"
p2
aS'Penn Virginia Exploring Sale of Company Wall Street Journal - Feb 26, 2015 Energy producer Penn Virginia Corp. is exploring a sale as its stock price has declined, its reserves have lost value and billionaire George Soros has urged the company to find a buyer.'
p3
aS'Penn Virginia Corporation  Heats Up MicroCap Daily - Apr 14, 2016 Penn Virginia Corporation  has seen a recent surge in price and volume after lenders under its reserve-based financing facility pushed out the default date to May 10th giving the Company some much needed time.'
p4
aS'Soros Left in Lurch as Penn Virginia Misses Window: Real M&amp;A Bloomberg - Jul 22, 2015 The billionaire investor started publicly encouraging a sale of the oil explorer in March 2014, after building a stake in the company.'
p5
aS"Penn Virginia Corporation Schedules Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and ... Marketwired  - Feb 14, 2017 Log onto the Company's website, www.pennvirginia.com, up to 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start of the call to download and install any necessary audio software."
p6
aS'Drilling Permit Roundup: Life after bankruptcy for Penn Virginia San Antonio Business Journal - Dec 28, 2016 Since mid-November, Penn Virginia has filed eight drilling permit applications with the Railroad Commission of Texas split between its Kudu Hunter lease in Lavaca County and its Zebra Hunter lease in Gonzales County.'
p7
aS"Penn Virginia - Unattractive Economics Without Assumptions For Higher Pricing Seeking Alpha - May 14, 2015 Penn Virginia Corporation  is going to be an interesting story to watch over the next few quarters as it's going to have to some really hard decisions to make."
p8
aS"Takeover Chatter Sends Penn Virginia Corporation's Stock Zooming Up 20% Motley Fool - Jun 25, 2015 What: Penn Virginia Corporation's  stock jumped more than 20% at one point today on reports that BP plc  has offered to buy the company."
p9
aS'A Close Look at Penn Virginia Corporation  MicroCap Daily - Mar 4, 2016 Penn Virginia Corporation  is making a huge move up on record breaking volume as oil &amp; gas stocks heat up across the board.'
p10
a.