(lp0
S'Genesee &amp; Wyoming acquires Providence &amp; Worcester Railroad Railway Gazette International - Nov 2, 2016 USA: International freight railway group Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc announced on November 1 that it had completed the acquisition of Providence &amp; Worcester Railroad Co for $126m. Following the closing of the transaction, G&amp;W immediately transferred control&nbsp;...Genesee &amp; Wyoming Completes Acquisition of Providence and Worcester Railroad - Business Wire G&amp;W closes on Providence and Worcester acquisition - Progressive Rail Roading'
p1
aS'Genesee &amp; Wyoming to buy Providence &amp; Worcester Railroad Railway Gazette International - Aug 16, 2016 USA: Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition of Providence &amp; Worcester Railroad Co on August 12. Subject to customary closing conditions, Surface Transportation Board regulatory approval and the backing of P&amp;W&nbsp;...Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc. Enters into Agreement to Acquire Providence and ... - Business Wire Providence and Worcester Railroad sold for $126 million - MassLive.com'
p2
aS'Providence and Worcester Railroad Company Shareholders Approve Acquisition by ... Business Wire  - Oct 26, 2016 WORCESTER, Mass.----Shareholders of Providence and Worcester Railroad Company   today approved the proposed acquisition of PWRR by Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.   pursuant to the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Should you invest in Providence and Worcester Railroad? Worcester Telegram - Jan 12, 2015 Despite suffering a 6.1 percent decline in its stock price during the year ending Jan. 2, Providence and Worcester Railroad Co. shares are rated a buy by TheStreet.com. Should you follow this recommendation? My opinion is no. The 141-employee&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'P&amp;W shareholders approve $126 million sale Worcester Telegram - Oct 26, 2016 WORCESTER - Shareholders of Providence &amp; Worcester Railroad Co. on Wednesday approved the sale of the company to Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc. in a cash deal worth about $126 million.'
p5
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed ... Business Wire  - Aug 22, 2016 ... of Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation, has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of state law by the Board of Directors of Providence and Worcester Railroad Company  (PWX or ...'
p6
aS'15.25 MarketWatch - Jul 15, 2009 Its offer includes refined and dewatered paraffin, grave lights, candles, hot-melt adhesives, anti-corrosion agents, anti-caking agents for fertilizers, and other industrial products.'
p7
aS'Capital Properties: Potential To Be Acquired Like Providence And Worcester ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 13, 2016 There are a few things that makes for a compelling and hopefully successful investment - a competitive advantage, barriers to entry, undervaluation, upcoming catalyst and a value oriented management team.'
p8
aS'Connecticut company buys P &amp; W lines Valley Breeze - Sep 22, 2016 WOONSOCKET - Rail lines running through Woonsocket that for more than a century have been operated by Massachusetts-based Providence &amp; Worcester Railroad Co. will soon have a new owner, and thanks to a federal approval obtained this week&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Turns out, P&amp;W created a bidding war for its sale Worcester Telegram - Sep 11, 2016 On the surface, the Genesee &amp; Wyoming Inc.'s merger with Providence and Worcester Railroad Co. for $126 million in cash, or $25 per share, looks like a larger company gobbling up a smaller competitor. After all, P&amp;W is an independent railroad company&nbsp;..."
p10
a.