(lp0
S'Market: The Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Praxair, Inc.  Petro Global News 24 - Feb 3, 2017 Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. HL Financial Services LLC raised its position in shares of Praxair by 4.2% in the second quarter. HL Financial Services LLC now owns 2 ...'
p1
aS"New Praxair ASU supports steel customers in Indiana gasworld - 22 minutes ago We also welcome new customers, who require large volumes of O2, N2 or hydrogen , to investigate the benefits of supply from Praxair's pipeline system, which runs through several sites in Indiana and Illinois that are readily available for ..."
p2
aS'Cribstone Capital Management LLC Has $280000 Position in Praxair, Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - 15 hours ago Praxair logo Cribstone Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Praxair, Inc.  by 49.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Praxair, Inc.  Position Decreased by CHICAGO TRUST Co NA - Sports PerspectivesThe Hall Laurie J Trustee Maintains Stake in Praxair, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Praxair Commissions Air Separation Plant on Burns Harbor, Indiana, Pipeline System Yahoo Finance - 21 hours ago Praxair, Inc.  announced that it has started up a world-scale air separation unit  at its Burns Harbor, Indiana, site.'
p4
aS'Praxair: Fairly Valued Gas Firm Seeking Alpha - Apr 2, 2017 Reuters reported in the past week that the proposed $65 billion merger between gas giants Praxair Inc.  and Linde AG   may be in jeopardy as Linde labor representatives have become jittery about the merger.'
p5
aS'Digging Up the Facts on Praxair, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 29, 2017 Praxair, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Chemicals - Major Diversified.'
p6
aS'Drilling Down Into Praxair, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Apr 4, 2017 Praxair, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Chemicals - Major Diversified.Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Praxair, Inc.  to Sell - Sports PerspectivesPraxair, Inc.  Shares Sold by Bath Savings Trust Co - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'Technicals in View on This Stock: Praxair, Inc.  Piedmont Register - 3 hours ago Praxair, Inc.  currently has an FCF quality score of 10.249968. The free quality score helps gauge the stability of free cash flow.'
p8
aS"Praxair Unit Wins Rolls-Royce's 10-year Coating Contract Yahoo Finance - Mar 29, 2017 Industrial gas producer and supplier, Praxair Inc. PX announced that it has won a 10-year contract to provide its Tribomet abrasive coatings to Indiana-based aerospace producer, Rolls-Royce.Praxair Scores Rolls-Royce Contract - Inside INdiana BusinessPraxair, Inc.  subsidiary awarded long-term contract by Rolls-Royce - Benchmark Monitor"
p9
aS'Praxair Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings and Conference Call Schedule Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 Praxair, Inc.  will release its first quarter 2017 financial results on Thursday, April 27, 2017, before the market opens and will host a conference call at 11:00 a.m.'
p10
a.