(lp0
S"Trading Options During Earnings in Pioneer Natural Resources Company  CML News - Feb 8, 2017 With the right tool kit it's easy to find an explicit answer: Buying out of the money strangles during earnings for Pioneer Natural Resources Company has been a winner. This is the information that the top 0.1% have and now it's time for us all to see it."
p1
aS'The Redwood Investments LLC Buys 13014 Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in Pioneer Natural Resources Company by 6.0% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 617 shares of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Pioneer Natural Resources announces sale of Texas acreage for $266 million WorldOil  - Mar 23, 2017 DALLAS -- Pioneer Natural Resources Company has announced that it has signed a purchase and sale agreement with an undisclosed buyer to sell its previously-announced acreage package in northeastern Martin County, Texas, for $266 million, subject to&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"What Is Driving Pioneer Natural Resources' Shares Higher? Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 So let's lay out the landscape for this argument, and drill down into our data to examine the pros and cons for Pioneer Natural Resources . But first, courtesy of PXD's March 2017 Investor PowerPoint presentation, let's look at what makes the&nbsp;...Mizuho Upgrades Pioneer Natural Resources  And Downgrades QEP Resources  - StreetInsider.comAnalyst Upgrades  Pioneer Natural Resources  Stock Gets Upgraded By ... - Market Exclusive"
p4
aS'Pioneer Natural Resources To Sell $266 Million Acreage Package OilPrice.com - Mar 24, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources signed a contract to sell a $266 million acreage package in Martin Country, Texas, to an undisclosed buyer, according to a new article by World Oil.5 Oil E&amp;Ps to Buy Even If Banks Lower Credit Lines - Nasdaq'
p5
aS'The King Of Permian: Pioneer Natural Resources Vs. Occidental Petroleum Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources  and Occidental Petroleum  are two of the biggest players in the Permian Basin in West Texas and southeast New Mexico, which is the premium shale oil play in the US.Pioneer Natural Resources Company  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March ... - NasdaqPioneer Natural Resources Company  Rises 2.76% for March 28 - Equities.com'
p6
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Baker Hughes, Pioneer Natural Resources ... Nasdaq - Apr 11, 2017 Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include Baker Hughes Inc. , Pioneer Natural Resources Company&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Pioneer Natural Resources to Present at the IPAA Oil &amp; Gas Investment Symposium Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 Pioneer Natural Resources Company  today announced that Tim Dove, President and Chief Executive Officer, will present at The Independent Petroleum Association of America  Oil &amp; Gas Investment Symposium on Tuesday, April 4, 2017 at 9:45&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Buy Rating for Pioneer Natural Resources  The Cerbat Gem - 22 hours ago Pioneer Natural Resources logo Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Pioneer Natural Resources  in a research report released on Wednesday.Stifel Starts Pioneer Natural Resources  at Buy - StreetInsider.comPioneer Natural Resources Company  technical charts are presenting a ... - USA Commerce Daily'
p9
aS"BRIEF-Pioneer Natural Resources expects total net production of 269 - 276 ... Reuters - Mar 28, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p10
a.