(lp0
S'Quintiles IMS Holdings  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 14, 2017 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the QuintilesIMS Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode.Huge results for post-merger Quintiles IMS Holdings - Westfair OnlineQuintilesIMS Reports Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results, Issues First ... - Business Wire '
p1
aS"BRIEF-Quintiles IMS Holdings says unit entered into an amendment to its senior ... Reuters - Mar 8, 2017 BEIJING, April 17 China's economy grew 6.9 percent in the first quarter from a year earlier, slightly faster than expected, supported by a government infrastructure spending spree and a frenzied housing market that is showing signs of overheating."
p2
aS'Market: The Quintiles Transitional Holdings Inc.  Position Decreased by ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 28, 2017 Horizon Investment Services LLC reduced its stake in Quintiles Transitional Holdings Inc.  by 13.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p3
aS"Is Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc's  future growth already accounted for in its ... Simply Wall St - Apr 7, 2017 Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc  is a stock well positioned for future growth, but many investors are wondering whether its last closing price of $79.33 is based on unrealistic expectations.Stock Returns: Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc  is Beating INC Research ... - CML NewsWhat Analysts are Predicting For Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc. , Biocept ... - The USA Commerce"
p4
aS'Market: The Blackstone Group LP Takes Position in Quintiles Transitional ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 28, 2017 Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Harris Associates L P purchased a new stake in Quintiles Transitional Holdings during the second quarter valued at approximately $216,159,000. Brahman Capital Corp. purchased a&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'QUINTILES IMS HOLDINGS, INC.  Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a ... Market Exclusive - Apr 6, 2017 Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc, formerly Quintiles Transnational Holdings Inc., is a provider of biopharmaceutical development services and commercial outsourcing services.'
p6
aS"Notable Stock of Traders: Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.'s  stock price ... WsNews 4investors - 19 hours ago Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.  stock price escalated 0.36% to finalize at $78.95 throughout previous buying and selling session.The Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 142727 Shares of Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc  - Petro Global News 24Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Quintiles IMS ... - Sports Perspectives"
p7
aS"Which Way Are Traders Betting This Stock Will Go: Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc ... Midway Monitor - 12 hours ago According to the latest stock data, investors are looking at Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p8
aS"Digging Up the Facts on Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 23, 2017 Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Medical Laboratories &amp; Research.Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.  Analyst Opinion And Outlook - Post AnalystWall-street Spotlight: Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.'s  stock price ... - WsNews 4investors"
p9
aS"Quintiles IMS Holdings  Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Finds The Cerbat Gem - Apr 13, 2017 Quintiles IMS Holdings logo News headlines about Quintiles IMS Holdings  have been trending positive on Thursday, AlphaOne reports.Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $78.67 while ends ... - Hot Stocks PointQuintiles IMS Holdings  Declares Share Buyback Plan - Markets Daily"
p10
a.