(lp0
S'Qualcomm: An Earnings Beat Is Expected Seeking Alpha - 12 hours ago Qualcomm has a history of beating its own guidance and the Wall Street consensus when it comes to EPS. While management has given a wide guidance range, with some effort we can see what number is the most likely.Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Is Still a Buy Despite Its Issues - Investorplace.comQCOM Stock: Is QUALCOMM, Inc.  Stock A Buy Ahead Of Q2 Earnings? - Amigobulls'
p1
aS'NXP Semiconductors NV Moves Closer to the Pending Merger With Qualcomm Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 13, 2017 Last week, Qualcomm extended the deadline for its tender offer to buy all NXP shares by another month. The portion of shares properly tendered fell to 16.3%, down from 17.2% in early March.'
p2
aS"Did Qualcomm Inc. Kneecap Samsung's Exynos SoCs? Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2017 Qualcomm  has been under a lot of fire over the past year, with regulators in multiple countries probing its licensing practices, defiant OEMs demanding lower licensing fees, and longtime customer Apple suing it, alleging lopsided ...Zooming In On The Trending Stocks- QUALCOMM, Inc. , McKesson ... - Wall Street Times "
p3
aS"Qualcomm: Little To Fear In The Long Term Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 Events in recent months continue to create a solid buying opportunity for Qualcomm  investors. Investors should buy the current dip in QCOM going into the April 19 earnings report.'We didn't ask for this': Qualcomm fights back after Apple lawsuit wiped US$10 ... - Financial PostApple Inc.  Misrepresented Facts And Threatened, Says QUALCOMM, Inc.  - Simply Wall St"
p4
aS"Why Qualcomm Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Motley Fool - Mar 29, 2017 If you had to summarize what should keep Qualcomm  shareholders up at night, you could do it in a single word: lawsuits.How To Buy Qualcomm At $52 - Seeking AlphaWhy Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Can't Pick Itself Up Anytime Soon - Investorplace.com"
p5
aS'Qualcomm Becomes Oversold Forbes - Apr 12, 2017 But making Qualcomm Inc an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Wednesday, shares of QCOM entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $53.74 per share.'
p6
aS"Why You Shouldn't Count Qualcomm, Inc.  Stock Out Just Yet Investorplace.com - Apr 13, 2017 Qualcomm, Inc.  has multiple catalysts ahead. The company already announced many of the positive developments yet the stock price hardly moved.QCOM Stock: Should You Buy The Dip In QUALCOMM, Inc.  Stock? - AmigobullsAccess Financial Services Inc. Invests $1.134 Million in QUALCOMM, Inc.  - The Cerbat Gem"
p7
aS"Better Buy: Himax Technologies, Inc. vs. Qualcomm Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Most of Qualcomm's revenue comes from its mobile chips, which power smartphones, tablets, and other gadgets. But the lion's share of its profits come from its licensing business, which leverages its portfolio of wireless patents to collect high-margin ..."
p8
aS"Why Qualcomm, Inc. , ArcelorMittal SA   and Fastenal Company ... Investorplace.com - Apr 12, 2017 Through Tuesday's close, traders had good reason to believe the market remained on reasonably firm footing. Although it is down from its early March peak, the S&amp;P 500 was holding above some key technical support."
p9
aS"Qualcomm: Apple Lawsuits Create Opportunity Seeking Alpha - Mar 29, 2017 Qualcomm will find itself in investors' sights in the coming weeks as Samsung takes the veil off of its latest smartphone, the Galaxy S8, powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 SoC. Qualcomm's stock has been beaten-down this year because of lawsuits&nbsp;...QUALCOMM, Inc.  Said To Have Unfairly Blocked Samsung From ... - Market ExclusiveQualcomm Snapdragon 835 Mobile Platform Powers Gigabit LTE and Immersive ... - Yahoo Finance"
p10
a.