(lp0
S"Melania Trump re-files Daily Mail lawsuit over 'lost business opportunities' BBC News - Feb 7, 2017 US First Lady Melania Trump has re-filed a legal case against UK newspaper Daily Mail, saying it cost her the &quot;once-in-a-lifetime opportunity&quot; to profit from her brand."
p1
aS"Airlines demand hard cash for Zimbabwe ticket sales ch-aviation - Apr 11, 2017 Qantas has a substantial amount outstanding from BSP Zimbabwe  and to avoid further risk, we've taken the decision to discontinue QF ticketing for all travel agents with access to our stock effective immediately ..."
p2
aS'Qantas defers A320neo deliveries ch-aviation - Feb 23, 2017 Qantas  has announced in an ASX filing that it will defer deliveries of the first A320neos to its Jetstar Airways  unit until its 2019 Financial Year.'
p3
aS'Qantas, American to refile for DOT antitrust immunity ch-aviation - Jan 30, 2017 Qantas  has announced that along with partner American Airlines , they are considering reapplying to the US Department of Transportation  for antitrust immunity for their enhanced transpacific&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Police officer and civilian killed, 4 wounded in Jerusalem vehicular terrorist ... Jerusalem Post Israel News - Oct 9, 2016 The terrorist organization's spokesman Fawzi Barhoum said the murders are confirmation of the continuation of the intifada, adding that all of the occupation's attempts to break and liquidate it will fail. Herb Keinon, Adam Rasgon and Jerusalem ..."
p5
aS'ACCC proposes to deny VARA, Alliance Air tie-up ch-aviation - Dec 21, 2016 As such, the ACCC said in its draft determination that the proposed Charter Alliance would reduce the number of major Fly-In/Fly-Out  service providers in Western Australia from four to three - Qantas , Cobham Aviation&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Blue Earth: Strong Sell On Law Enforcement Investigation, Fraud Allegations ... Seeking Alpha  - Oct 21, 2014 BBLU CEO Johnny Thomas and John Francis have presided over financial disasters at many companies, including ABTX, which resulted in fraud allegations and bankruptcy.'
p7
aS'Volvo victims asphyxiated to death: Forensic experts Times of India - Nov 8, 2013 HYDERABAD: Most of the victims of the Volvo bus inferno could have been asphyxiated to death after inhaling carbon monoxide even before the flames engulfed them, said experts of the AP Forensic Science Laboratory  on Friday.'
p8
aS'San Diego Air &amp; Space Museum Acquires Major Aviation Collection Warbirds News - Mar 9, 2016 PRESS RELEASE - The San Diego Air &amp; Space Museum recently acquired the Vought archive collection from the Vought Aircraft Heritage Foundation in Arlington, Texas, the Museum announced yesterday.'
p9
aS"2016 NCAA Tournament: Previewing the Duke Blue Devils Addicted to Quack - Mar 22, 2016 someone else posted the very same article at the beginning of the QF today. it got deleted. it was a ... Joe's because they choked."
p10
a.