(lp0
S"Rite Aid  Q4 Earnings: Is a Negative Surprise in Store? Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago However, Rite Aid's stringent focus on cost management, alongside strengthening its portfolio of health and wellness services has been impressive.Rite Aid Corporation subtracted -0.66% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free Observer"
p1
aS"Falling Rite Aid Corporation  Stock Price Tells You All You Need to Know Investorplace.com - Apr 11, 2017 After a year and a half of wrangling - mostly with the FTC - market commentator Jim Cramer recently summed up the consensus surrounding the intended acquisition of Rite Aid Corporation  and Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc .Why The Odds Of The Walgreens-Rite-Aid Deal Are Now '50/50' - BenzingaRite Aid Investors Still Have An Array Of Opportunities To Profit From This ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'Rite Aid Corporation  Stock Boosted by Buoyed Buyout Hopes Investorplace.com - Apr 6, 2017 The pending merger between Rite Aid Corporation  and Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.  has been shrouded in uncertainty.Rite Aid Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 06 - Equities.comRite Aid Corporation  Performance Analysis - StandardOracle'
p3
aS"Rite Aid: A 'Win' No Matter What? Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 In this article, I decided to revisit Rite Aid, a firm currently in the process of being acquired by the much-larger Walgreens Boots Alliance.Partisan Politics May Be To Blame For Hold Up In Walgreens-Rite Aid Deal - BenzingaRite Aid Corporation : Deutsche Bank Sees 53% Downside if Walgreens Boots ... - Smrt Stck Nws"
p4
aS'Rite Aid Corporation  Stock Is a Gamble With a Big Payout Investorplace.com - Mar 29, 2017 Shares of U.S. drugstore chain Rite Aid Corporation  are off more than 45% year-to-date, plumbing 52-week lows as its $17.2 billion merger with larger rival Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc  - announced in October of 2015&nbsp;...Rite Aid Wants Out Of FCA Suit Claiming Decadelong Scheme - Law360 Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Rite Aid Corp. , Delcath Systems ... - StockNewsJournal'
p5
aS'This Is What The Chart For Rite Aid Corporation  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - 21 hours ago The technicals for Rite Aid Corporation  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p6
aS"Why Deutsche Bank AG  , Rite Aid Corporation  and Kohl's ... Investorplace.com - Mar 20, 2017 The new trading week got started as lethargically as the prior one ended. With nothing new to light a fire under traders, the S&amp;P 500 drifted 0.2% lower on Monday to end the session at 2,373.47.Rite Aid Corporation performed Very Well with a change of 2.47% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverYearly Miracle Balloon campaign for children launched by Rite Aid Corporation ... - WallStreetPR"
p7
aS'Investors uneasy as delays persist in Rite Aid, Walgreens deal MarketWatch - Apr 1, 2017 Investors awaiting the long-delayed tie-up between drugstore chains Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. and Rite Aid Corp. are growing increasingly uneasy that the deal, heavily scrutinized by regulators, could fall apart.Is A Successful Rite-Aid Deal Now Key To Walgreens Maintaining Its Growth? - Benzinga'
p8
aS"Baird Updates Its View On Walgreen's With New Rite-Aid Assumptions Benzinga - Mar 27, 2017 Ahead of Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc 's fiscal year second-quarter results, Baird updated its view on the company with its new Rite Aid Corporation 's assumptions. Walgreens is scheduled to release its quarterly results before&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Court sides with Rite Aid in ADA case of needle-phobic pharmacist Business Insurance - Mar 21, 2017 In 2011, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania-based Rite Aid Corp. started requiring pharmacists to perform immunizations, according to Tuesday's ruling by the 2nd U.S."
p10
a.