(lp0
S"Reynolds American Inc  is missing from your dividend portfolio, here's why Simply Wall St - 19 hours ago If you are an income investor then Reynolds American Inc  should be on your radar. Reynolds American Inc, through its subsidiaries, manufactures, and sells cigarettes and other tobacco products in the United States and has a market cap of&nbsp;...Reynolds American Inc.  Touches a New 52-Week High - Aiken Advocate$0.57 EPS Expected for Reynolds American, Inc.  This Quarter - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Better Buy: Philip Morris International, Inc. vs. Reynolds American Motley Fool - Apr 12, 2017 Both Philip Morris International  and Reynolds American  have enjoyed success lately, even though they focus on different markets.'
p2
aS'Reynolds American Inc. revamps its headquarters in downtown Winston-Salem Winston-Salem Journal - Mar 24, 2017 A walk-through of the Reynolds American Inc. headquarters in downtown Winston-Salem shows a much different work environment today from two years ago.'
p3
aS"Vetr Downgrades As Potential Reynolds American Sale Gains Steam Benzinga - Apr 10, 2017 The Vetr crowd downgraded their rating for Reynolds American, Inc.  on Friday from the company's prior standing at 3 stars , issued two days ago, to 2.5 stars .Reynolds American Inc. closed with a change of -0.05% in the Previous Trading ... - Free ObserverReynolds American, Inc.  Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to &quot;Hold&quot; - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS"Reynolds American Inc.  Charts Indicating Positive Momentum The Herald - 9 hours ago Reynolds American Inc.  is holding above the stock's moving averages, indicating a postitive uptrend for Consumer Goods company."
p5
aS'Advisory: RJRT Submits Modified Risk Tobacco Product Applications For Camel Snus PR Newswire  - Apr 3, 2017 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Reynolds American Inc.  has announced the following: &quot;R.RJR Seeks Modified Risk for Classification for Camel Snus - CSNews Online'
p6
aS"Reynolds American Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with the ... Free Observer - Apr 7, 2017 If you look at the company's income statement over the past years, you will see that the company is constantly posting gross profit: In 2014, RAI earned gross profit of 4.41 Billion, in 2015 5.99 Billion gross profit, while in 2016 Reynolds American ...Investors Must-Watch: Reynolds American Inc.  - StandardOracleHow Does Reynolds American Inc.  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS"Reynolds American Inc  Price Target &amp; Stock Check Rockville Register - 17 hours ago Let's take a brief check on where covering Street analysts see Reynolds American Inc  moving in the near-term."
p8
aS'Time To Get Cautious? - Reynolds American Inc. , DiamondRock Hospitality ... USA Commerce Daily - 16 hours ago Shares of Reynolds American Inc.  are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 49.95% since bottoming out at $43.38 on Oct. 19, 2016.'
p9
aS"Taking a Fresh Look at Reynolds American Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 31, 2017 Reynolds American Inc.  is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Cigarettes. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $62.82, down from yesterday's close by -0.19%.Stock in Action:Reynolds American Inc.  - StandardOracleMost Active Stock Update: Reynolds American Inc.  - HugoPress"
p10
a.