(lp0
S"Rally Software Development Corp. Stock Soars on Acquisition by CA Technologies Motley Fool - May 28, 2015 In order to compete, businesses need to develop high quality software quickly and reliably. Rally is a leading provider of Agile development software and services, with offerings that complement and expand CA's strengths in the areas of DevOps and&nbsp;...Rally Software Development  Stock Surging on CA Technologies Purchase - TheStreet.comNew York firm to acquire Boulder's Rally Software for $480 million - The Denver Post"
p1
aS"Rally Software IPO to benefit nonprofits Denver Business Journal  - Sep 26, 2013 Rally Software's IPO took place nearly six months ago, but one of its biggest impacts will happen early next month. Rally Software Development Corp.'s April 12 debut on the New York Stock Exchange was the highest-profile achievement for a Colorado&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Enterprise Specialist Rally Software Raises $84M In IPO As Shares Pop 28%, Now ... TechCrunch - Apr 12, 2013 Rally's products let businesses implement agile software development and lean practices to speed up the rate of innovation and increase agility in the software development process. As CEO Tim Miller explained it, if you're a developer, Rally is the ..."
p3
aS'Rally Software Announces Unlimited Edition PR Newswire  - Jun 9, 2010 Rally, the Rally logo and Rally Software Development are trademarks of Rally Software Development Corp. Oscar is a registered trademark of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.'
p4
aS'CA Technologies to acquire Rally Software Development Newsday - May 28, 2015 Rally, which has about 500 employees worldwide, sells programs to help software makers speed up the development of their products. &quot;In order to compete, businesses need to develop high quality software quickly and reliably,&quot; CA chief executive Mike&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Rally Software Quantifies the Impact of Agile Software Development Practices PR Newswire  - Aug 6, 2013 6, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Rally, a leading global provider of cloud-based solutions for managing Agile software development, today unveils initial findings from a study conducted with Carnegie Mellon's Software Engineering Institute  to analyze&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Rally Software Names Angela Tucci to Chief Revenue Officer PR Newswire  - Dec 4, 2014 Rally's SaaS platform transforms the way organizations manage the software development lifecycle by aligning software development and strategic business objectives, facilitating collaboration, and increasing transparency. Rally's consulting and ..."
p7
aS'CA Technologies Completes $480M Rally Software Buyout Zacks.com - Jul 9, 2015 CA Technologies  recently announced that it has completed the acquisition of Rally Software Development Corp. The two companies entered into a definitive agreement in late May this year, under which CA Technologies agreed to buy&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Rally Software Development Corp.  Fiscal Standard - Jun 5, 2016 06/01/2015 - Rally Software Development Corp. was downgraded to neutral by analysts at Roth Capital. They now have a USD 19.5 price target on the stock.'
p9
aS"Rally Software leases additional 89K square feet for Boulder headquarters The Daily Camera - Jun 29, 2013 Boulder's Rally Software Development Corp. began the second quarter with an $84 million initial public offering and finished it with a larger base for its corporate operations."
p10
a.