(lp0
S'Intel cuts funds for OpenStack at Rackspace San Antonio Business Journal - 16 hours ago As a result, 45 Rackspace employee positions will eliminated in the U.S. on April 28, the company confirmed to the Business Journal.'
p1
aS"Rackspace promotes one executive to president as another retires San Antonio Business Journal - Jan 10, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc.'s executive suite is being shuffled slightly and dealt a fresh hand for the New Year - with promotions, retirement and a new president for the managed cloud provider, the company announced.Rackspace Elevates 8-Year Racker Jeff Cotten to President - Rivard ReportCompany Veteran Jeff Cotten Named President of Rackspace - Marketwired "
p2
aS'Rackspace Hosting Nears Sale to Private-Equity Firm Wall Street Journal - Aug 4, 2016 Rackspace Hosting Inc. is nearing a sale to a private-equity firm, two years after the cloud-computing company said it would explore a deal amid heightened competition in the fast-growing market.Apollo Global in talks to acquire Rackspace: sources - ReutersMedia reports: Rackspace negotiating $3.5B sale to private equity company - San Antonio Business Journal'
p3
aS'Rackspace cutting 6% of US workforce mySanAntonio.com - Feb 7, 2017 Rackspace Hosting Inc., which was acquired just three months ago for $4.3 billion by a New York private equity firm, is trimming 6 percent of its U.S.Rackspace layoffs begin as it restructures as a private company - Austin Business Journal'
p4
aS"Rackspace customer alleging security breach was behind on bill San Antonio Business Journal - Apr 3, 2017 The California company alleged that it experienced a security breach during a contract with Rackspace Hosting Inc., but the San Antonio cloud services provider said there's no evidence."
p5
aS"Rackspace to be bought by private equity for $4.3B Austin Business Journal - Aug 26, 2016 Rackspace Hosting Inc., a San Antonio-based cloud computing services company with major operations in Austin, has agreed to be acquired for $4.3 billion by funds affiliated with private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC, according to a Friday&nbsp;...Rackspace CEO: After private equity sale, we're keeping HQ in San Antonio - San Antonio Business JournalRackspace Hosting shares rise after Apollo Global buys it in $4.3 billion deal - CNBC"
p6
aS"Meet the new board of directors for Rackspace, now a private company San Antonio Business Journal - Nov 4, 2016 There are new leaders at Rackspace Hosting Inc., a San Antonio-based managed cloud provider, after it was swept off the New York Stock Exchange and is now owned by private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC.It's official: Rackspace exiting New York Stock Exchange - San Antonio Express-News "
p7
aS'How Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Rose 34% in August Motley Fool - Sep 2, 2016 Anders Bylund owns shares of Rackspace Hosting. The Motley Fool recommends Rackspace Hosting. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days.'
p8
aS"Rackspace Hosting, Inc. Earnings: Incremental Improvements Motley Fool - Aug 9, 2016 Rackspace's transition away from hosted services and into providing high-quality support for other cloud platforms is making a big difference to the company's cash costs.Is Rackspace Hosting, Inc. 's Winning Streak Coming To An End? - ValueWalkRackspace spinoff scouting around downtown for tech office, talent - San Antonio Business Journal"
p9
aS'Rackspace fires back at i3 Brands mySanAntonio.com - Apr 3, 2017 Del Mar, California-based e-commerce firm i3 Brands Inc. filed a lawsuit on Jan. 31 in Bexar County district court alleging it lost two unidentified carmakers as customers because of inadequate security provided by Rackspace, a web hosting company.'
p10
a.