(lp0
S'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  to Hold Markets Daily - 18 hours ago Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Tuesday.'
p1
aS'Analyst Upgrades  Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Stock Gets ... Market Exclusive - Mar 29, 2017 Today, Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  stock received an upgrade by Hovde Group from Market Perform to Outperform with a price target of $39.00.Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Upgraded by Hovde Group to Outperform - Chaffey Breeze'
p2
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.21  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 31, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY logo Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  declared a quarterly dividend on Thursday, January 26th.A report released earlier today by Hovde Group about Citizens Republic Bancorp ... - Breaking Finance News'
p3
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Apr 11, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY logo Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report issued on Tuesday.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $387000 Stake ... - Sports PerspectivesZacks Investment Research upgraded Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  to ... - Breaking Finance News'
p4
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to &quot;Hold&quot; Sports Perspectives - Apr 12, 2017 Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Tuesday morning.The Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of ... - Petro Global News 24Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC - Community Financial News'
p5
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Cornerstone Bancorp, Inc. Business Wire  - May 17, 2016 LOUISVILLE, Ky.----Republic Bancorp, Inc.  , the parent company of Republic Bank &amp; Trust Company , is pleased to report, that as of the close of business today, it has completed&nbsp;...Republic Bank expands its presence in Florida - Louisville Business First Why this bank leader is calling a St. Pete deal a win for all - Tampa Bay Business Journal '
p6
aS"Kentucky's Republic Bank buys Cornerstone Community Bank Tampa Bay Business Journal - Oct 7, 2015 Cornerstone Bancorp Inc. in St. Petersburg is the latest community bank in the Tampa Bay area to be snapped up by a larger institution.Republic Bank &amp; Trust Company Expands Its Florida Market Footprint with the ... - Business Wire Gulf Coast bank sold in $32M deal - Business Observer"
p7
aS"Two Sigma Investments LP Buys New Stake in Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 7, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY logo Two Sigma Investments LP bought a new stake in Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund bought 7,388 shares of the company's&nbsp;...Republic Bancorp Inc. KY - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - Markets Daily"
p8
aS'Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.22 The Cerbat Gem - Apr 8, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY logo Press coverage about Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  has trended somewhat negative on Monday, according to Alpha One Sentiment.Zacks: Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Given $39.00 Consensus Target Price ... - Sports Perspectives'
p9
aS'Analysts Set $39.00 Price Target for Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 6, 2017 Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY logo Shares of Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  have been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 2.00  from the two brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports.Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment ... - Sports PerspectivesLatest: The Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY  Shares Bought by Dimensional ... - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.