(lp0
S'Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation to Acquire Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. GlobeNewswire  - Jan 31, 2017 BRYN MAWR, Pa., Jan. 31, 2017  -- Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation  , parent of The Bryn Mawr Trust Company , today announced that the Corporation has entered into a definitive Agreement&nbsp;...Main Line bank deal: Bryn Mawr buys Royal for $128M - Philly.com Main Line bank to acquire local competitor for $128M - Philadelphia Business Journal'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Plumas Bancorp  is Beating Royal Bancshares of ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Plumas Bancorp  versus Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p2
aS'BRIEF-Bryn Mawr Bank to buy Royal Bancshares Of Pennsylvania Reuters - Jan 31, 2017 April 9 Mondelez International Inc is preparing to look for a successor to Chief Executive Officer Irene Rosenfeld as the snack maker faces shareholder pressure and a broad shift to healthier eating habits, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing sources.'
p3
aS'Traders Take Note: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  Stock ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 Take Note: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Decision Time: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  Stock ... CML News - Mar 17, 2017 Decision Time: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p5
aS"Stock Returns: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 30, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Central Valley Community Bancorp  versus Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...Stock within Traders Screening: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s  - Is stories"
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Premier Financial Bancorp Inc  versus Royal ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Premier Financial Bancorp Inc  versus Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  is Beating ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania Inc  versus Salisbury Bancorp Inc  .'
p8
aS"Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.  Forms $3.89 Double Top; Polar ... MoneyMakingArticles - 20 hours ago Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.  formed double top with $4.08 target or 5.00% above today's $3.89 share price."
p9
aS"Recent Price Move of Shares: Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s  Is stories - Apr 4, 2017 Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -0.77% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 3.87."
p10
a.