(lp0
S"Here's Who Picked Up Rent-A-Center Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - 6 hours ago In a just published Form 13, filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission , Rent-A-Center Inc.  reported that Engaged Capital has picked up 2,519,969 of common stock as of 2017-04-17.Marcato Capital Letter To Rent-A-Center - Seeking AlphaRent-A-Center Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.08  - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS"Rent-A-Center, Inc. Announces Appointment of Mark Speese as Chief Executive ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 10, 2017 Rent-A-Center, Inc.  , the nation's largest rent-to-own operator, today announced that its Board of Directors has unanimously appointed Mark Speese as the Company's Chief Executive Officer, effective&nbsp;...Marcato Joins Activist Push for Rent-A-Center Sale - BloombergRent-A-Center, Inc. Announces New Strategic Plan to Drive Growth, Improve ... - Business Wire "
p2
aS"Rent-A-Center, Inc. to Terminate Acceptance Now Agreement with Conn Appliances ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 30, 2017 Rent-A-Center, Inc.  , the nation's largest rent-to-own operator, today announced that the Acceptance Now division  of the Company has informed Conn Appliances, Inc.  of its intent&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Rent-A-Center Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 30, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 29, 2017 Rent-A-Center Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 30, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.08 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 20, 2017.Rent-A-Center Inc  to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 on April 20th - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Rent-A-Center, Inc.  Makes Compelling Case Using Its Technical Chart Data NY Stock News - 19 hours ago Rent-A-Center, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p5
aS"Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates &quot;Hold&quot; Rating for Rent-A-Center Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Rent-A-Center logo Rent-A-Center Inc 's stock had its hold rating reiterated by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus in a report issued on Monday.Quarterly Financial Review of Rent-A-Center Inc.  - The Newburgh Press"
p6
aS'Is now the time to buy Rent-A-Center Inc. :? Analysts Weighing in The Herald - 17 hours ago The 5 analysts offering target price estimates on shares of Rent-A-Center Inc.  have set a consensus target of $11.9 on shares.'
p7
aS'Implied Volatility Surging for Rent-A-Center, Inc.  Stock Options Yahoo Finance - Apr 10, 2017 Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for Rent-A-Center, Inc. shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company?'
p8
aS'Is Rent-A-Center, Inc.  Finding Support or Hitting Resistance? USA Commerce Daily - 19 hours ago With all other things going on, Rent-A-Center, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 0.78 percent in just three months.'
p9
aS"Rent-A-Center, Inc. Adopts Stockholder Rights Plan APRO RTO Headquarters - Mar 28, 2017 RACLogo-Round-hi-res PLANO, Texas Rent-A-Center, Inc.  , the nation's largest rent-to-own operator, today announced that its Board of Directors has unanimously adopted a stockholder rights&nbsp;...Blog Coverage Rent-A-Center Adopts Stockholder Rights Plan; Executes a Deal ... - Yahoo FinanceRent-A-Center Adopts 'Poison Pill' Following Activist Campaign - TheStreet.com"
p10
a.