(lp0
S'The United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  To Go Ex-Dividend on February 1st Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  declared a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, January 25th. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 3rd will be paid a dividend of 0.12 per share on Wednesday, February 15th.'
p1
aS'Should United Financial Bancorp Inc  be part of your dividend portfolio? Simply Wall St - Apr 11, 2017 Over the past 10 years United Financial Bancorp Inc  has returned an average of 2.46% per year from dividend payouts.$0.23 EPS Expected for United Financial Bancorp ; Teewinot Capital ... - Key GazetteWould You Buy United Financial Bancorp, Inc.  On These Analyst ... - Fiscal Standard'
p2
aS'United Financial Bancorp Inc  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday The Cerbat Gem - 22 hours ago United Financial Bancorp logo United Financial Bancorp Inc  is scheduled to announce its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th.Stock Returns: Meta Financial Group Inc  versus United Financial ... - CML NewsUnited Financial Bancorp Inc  to Release Earnings on Tuesday - BNB Daily '
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  versus United ... CML News - Mar 15, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p4
aS'Stock Returns: Radian Group Inc  is Beating United Financial Bancorp ... CML News - Mar 29, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Radian Group Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  .'
p5
aS'United Financial Bancorp Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 22 Equities.com - Mar 22, 2017 United Financial Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 22, as the stock gained 0.25% to close at $16.18.'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: United Financial Bancorp Inc  is Beating Capitol ... CML News - Mar 24, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Capitol Federal Financial Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'Traders Take Note: United Financial Bancorp Inc  Stock Has ... CML News - Mar 16, 2017 Take Note: United Financial Bancorp Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: PennyMac Financial Services Inc  versus United ... CML News - Apr 4, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for PennyMac Financial Services Inc  versus United Financial Bancorp Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'United Financial Bancorp Inc  Position Raised by RMB Capital Management LLC The Cerbat Gem - Mar 31, 2017 United Financial Bancorp logo RMB Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of United Financial Bancorp Inc  by 38.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Maintains Position ... - Sports Perspectives'
p10
a.