(lp0
S"Market: The Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  Shares Gap Up Following ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 4, 2017 The company reported $1.23 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $1.21 by $0.02. Royal Caribbean Cruises had a return on equity of 15.29% and a net margin of 14.48%. The firm had revenue of $1.91 billion for the quarter,&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'A Long Case For Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Seeking Alpha - Apr 16, 2017 The cruise industry has enjoyed significant growth in the past few years, aided by positive economic outlook in North America and Europe and increased penetration into the Asia Pacific markets.In Good Financial Health?  Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , Physicians ... - USA Commerce DailyZacks Investment Research Downgrades Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd  to Hold - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS'Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Launches GoBe Booking Company For Private Tours Cruise Critic - Mar 22, 2017  -- In an effort to capture travelers who prefer to book activities on their own, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. has launched GoBe, an online platform that lists private excursions and tours. GoBe had its official launch Wednesday night at ...Royal Caribbean: Strong Buy - Seeking AlphaRoyal Caribbean and new customer Silversea ensure a busy 2017 Southampton ... - Seatrade Cruise News'
p3
aS'Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Launches GoBe Tour And Activities Company Travel Market Report - Mar 31, 2017 NEW YORK -- GoBe.com, a digital platform for tours and activities, was officially launched at a press event last week. A new division of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , the site aims to be the the leading experiential online tour provider, said ...Hot Stock Overview: Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  - HugoPressAnalysts Actions to Focus: Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  - StandardOracle'
p4
aS"Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  : How Do the Technicals Stack Up? The USA Commerce - 15 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p5
aS'Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 07 Equities.com - Apr 7, 2017 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 07, as the stock lost 1.41% to close at $97.39. On the day, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. saw 1.92 million shares trade hands on 17,143 trades. Considering that the stock ...Land Ho! Cruise Lines Offer Tours Beyond the Sea - New York TimesRoyal Caribbean Cruises Ltd - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS'
p6
aS'Trading Sheet: Examining the Levels for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  Searcy News - 19 hours ago Looking at shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , the company has an EV  of 29714005. Enterprise Value is a measure of the total value of a specific company.'
p7
aS"Royal Caribbean parent company launching new site to help guests book land tours Royal Caribbean Blog  - Mar 24, 2017 Royal Caribbean International's parent company has launched a new site dedicated to offering private excursions and tours. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. launched GoBe this week and is the first non-cruise venture for the company. GoBe will allow ...What's Acceptable Profitability For Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.  and New ... - USA Commerce DailyAn Inside Look at Trading Hot Stocks: Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL ... - Post Analyst"
p8
aS"Royal Caribbean announces partnership with Puerto Rico to improve San Juan pier Royal Caribbean Blog  - Apr 6, 2017 As part of the agreement between Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and the Ports Authority, a number of works will be carried out including: improvements to the boarding bridge, improvements and reconfiguration of safety checkpoints, adding passenger&nbsp;...Analyst's Proposition on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. , Royal Caribbean Cruises ... - The USA Commerce5419 Shares in Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd  Acquired by Kentucky ... - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS"Stock Price Move: Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.'s  Is stories - Apr 17, 2017 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.'s  witnessed a loss of -0.38% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 94.36."
p10
a.