(lp0
S'Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces Agreement To Acquire The Christina Aguilera ... PR Newswire  - May 12, 2016 NEW YORK, May 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Elizabeth Arden, Inc. , a global prestige beauty products company, announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire the global license and certain related assets for the Christina&nbsp;...Elizabeth Arden to Buy Christina Aguilera Fragrance Business - WWD'
p1
aS"Revlon Seeks to Revive Cosmetics Clout With Arden Deal Bloomberg - Jun 16, 2016 Revlon Inc. will acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. for about $419 million, a wager that uniting two aging cosmetics giants can reinvigorate both companies' brands.Revlon Agrees to Buy Elizabeth Arden - Wall Street JournalWhy Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Shares Soared Today - Motley Fool"
p2
aS"Revlon to buy Elizabeth Arden in $870m deal The Independent - Jun 17, 2016 Revlon Inc. will acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. for about $419 million, a wager that uniting two aging cosmetics giants can reinvigorate both companies' brands."
p3
aS"Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces Appointment of George Cleary as President ... Business Wire  - Mar 7, 2016 commented E. Scott Beattie, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Elizabeth Arden, Inc. With George's appointment, the leadership transformation to a brand led structure within Elizabeth Arden is now complete, and our collective focus is on&nbsp;...Elizabeth Arden appoints new head of global fragrances - CosmeticsDesign.com USA"
p4
aS'Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Signs Supermodel Karlina Caune As Brand Ambassador PR Newswire  - Dec 2, 2014 &quot;The modern Elizabeth Arden woman is a passionate, multi-cultural individual who leads an active professional lifestyle,&quot; says Scott Beattie, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Elizabeth Arden, Inc. &quot;In Karlina Caune, we have found a ...'
p5
aS"Moody's Downgrades Elizabeth Arden to Caa1; Outlook Stable Moodys.com   - Oct 16, 2015 New York, October 16, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service  today downgraded the ratings of Elizabeth Arden, Inc. , including its Corporate Family Rating  to Caa1 from B2, Probability of Default Rating to Caa1-PD from B2-PD and&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Analysts Tracking Elizabeth Arden, Inc. : Updates &amp; Recommendations The Herald - 13 hours ago Equity research firms covering public U.S companies have a workforce of analysts dedicating their time covering the most popular stocks.'
p7
aS'Why Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Shares Jumped 50% in June Motley Fool - Jul 6, 2016 What: Shares of cosmetics specialist Elizabeth Arden, Inc.  popped 50% last month after it agreed to be acquired by rival Revlon, Inc. .'
p8
aS"Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Results Business Wire  - May 5, 2016 All interested parties can listen to a live web cast of the Company's conference call by visiting the Investor Relations section of the Corporate tab on the Company's web site at http://ir.elizabetharden.com. An online archive of the broadcast will be ..."
p9
aS'Elizabeth Arden: Looking Behind The Red Door Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2016 Elizabeth Arden  is well-known for its namesake skin care and fragrance brand, but the company also manages a large licensed fragrance portfolio heavily focused on celebrity brands like Britney Spears, Elizabeth Taylor and Taylor Swift.'
p10
a.