(lp0
S"Market: The Everest Re Group, Ltd.  Shares Bought by Sit Investment ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 2, 2017 Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Keeley Asset Management Corp raised its stake in Everest Re Group by 0.7% in the second quarter. Keeley Asset Management Corp now owns 1,519 shares of the company's stock&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Everest Re Group  on Growth Track: Should You Hold? Nasdaq - Apr 13, 2017 Shares of Everest Re Group Ltd . RE gained 7.81% year to date, significantly outperforming the Zacks categorized Property and Casualty Insurance industry's growth of 1.72%.Everest Re Group Ltd  Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemEverest Re Group  Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.45 - Sports Perspectives"
p2
aS'Everest Re Group Ltd  Given Average Rating of &quot;Hold&quot; by Brokerages Markets Daily - 7 hours ago Everest Re Group logo Shares of Everest Re Group Ltd  have been assigned a consensus recommendation of Hold from the seven analysts that are currently covering the company.Everest Re Group Ltd  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold - Sports PerspectivesThe Everest Re Group Ltd  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24'
p3
aS'Everest Re Group Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 Everest Re Group, Ltd.  will release its first quarter 2017 earnings after trading closes on the NYSE on April 24, 2017.Everest Re Group Ltd  Receives $215.67 Consensus PT from Analysts - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS'Marty Scherzer Joins Everest Re Group to Head its Structured Solutions Unit Business Wire  - Jun 14, 2016 HAMILTON, Bermuda----Everest Re Group, Ltd.  announced today that Marty Scherzer has joined the Group as Head of its Structured Solutions Unit, based in the New York office.'
p5
aS'Everest Re Group, Ltd. Names Michael G. Kerner as Executive Vice President and ... Business Wire  - Mar 30, 2016 HAMILTON, Bermuda----Everest Re Group, Ltd.  announced today that Michael G. Kerner will be joining the Company as Executive Vice President and Head of Strategy and Risk Management.'
p6
aS'Everest Insurance Launches Life Sciences Practice Yahoo Finance - Apr 7, 2017 Everest Re Group, Ltd.  announced today that Andy Faber has joined Everest Insurance as the leader of the newly launched Life Sciences practice within the Specialty Casualty Group.$1.41 Billion in Sales Expected for Everest Re Group Ltd  This Quarter - Markets DailyQuadrature Capital Ltd Lowers Stake in Everest Re Group Ltd  - Community Financial News'
p7
aS'Megan Watt Joins Everest Insurance Business Wire  - Feb 2, 2017 HAMILTON, Bermuda----Everest Re Group, Ltd.  announced today that Megan Watt has joined Everest Insurance as the new leader of its Claims Operation. Located in Liberty Corner, NJ, Megan will oversee all aspects of the&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Everest Re Group Ltd.'s Premiums Decline in Q1 Motley Fool - Apr 26, 2016 The Motley Fool recommends Everest Re Group, Ltd. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors."
p9
aS"Everest Re Group's  Prospects Look Bright: Time to Buy? Yahoo Finance - Mar 10, 2017 Currently, Everest Re Group seems to be undervalued as the stock is trading at 1.18x price to book multiple over a period of one year."
p10
a.