(lp0
S'Market: The Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Buys 450 Shares of Regency ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 28, 2017 Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Riverhead Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Regency Centers Corporation by 161.4% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 2,300 shares of the&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Market: The Regency Centers Corp.  Shares Bought by AMP Capital Investors Ltd Petro Global News 24 - Jan 24, 2017 A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Tredje AP fonden increased its stake in Regency Centers Corp. by 1,751.9% in the second quarter. Tredje AP fonden now owns 5,000 shares of the real estate investment trust ...'
p2
aS'Regency Centers Announces Mellody Farm, a New Mixed-Use Development in the ... Yahoo Finance - 21 hours ago Regency Centers Corporation , a national owner, operator, and developer of grocery-anchored shopping centers, has announced a new ground-up development in Vernon Hills, IL.'
p3
aS"Regency Centers to Buy Equity One for About $5 Billion Wall Street Journal - Nov 14, 2016 Regency Centers Corp. agreed to acquire Equity One Inc. for about $5 billion in a deal that would create one of the nation's largest shopping center investors.Regency Centers and Equity One to Merge in $15.6 Billion Transaction - Business Wire "
p4
aS'Regency Centers Announces the Development of Pinecrest Place in Miami, Florida Business Wire  - Apr 10, 2017 MIAMI----Regency Centers Corporation , a national owner, operator, and developer of grocery-anchored shopping centers, has announced the start of a new ground-up development in Miami, Florida.'
p5
aS'Regency Centers Corp  Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne ... Sports Perspectives - 7 hours ago Regency Centers Corp logo Media headlines about Regency Centers Corp  have trended somewhat positive this week, Alpha One reports.Whole Foods-anchored retail center coming to US 1 corridor south of Miami - The Real Deal Magazine'
p6
aS'Regency Centers and Equity One Announce Closing of Merger Yahoo Finance - Mar 1, 2017 Regency Centers Corporation   and Equity One, Inc.   today announced the completion of their previously announced merger, whereby Equity One merged with and into Regency, with Regency continuing as the surviving&nbsp;...Regency Centers closes on Equity One acquisition, will join S&amp;P 500 - Jacksonville Business JournalRegency Centers Corporation  hit its 52 Week low of $65.16 on Dec 5 ... - The Newburgh Press'
p7
aS"Why Is Regency Centers  Down 11.2% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Apr 5, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Regency Centers Corporation REG. Shares have lost about 11.2% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Regency Centers Corporation  shares to see major resistance at $66.7 - USA Commerce DailyAnalysts Offer Predictions for Regency Centers Corp's FY2017 Earnings  - The Cerbat Gem"
p8
aS"BRIEF-Regency Centers stockholders approve proposed merger with Equity One Reuters - Feb 24, 2017 TOKYO, April 1 Apple Inc, Amazon.com Inc and Google have joined bidding for Toshiba's NAND flash memory unit, vying with others for the Japanese firm's prized semiconductor operation, the Yomiuri Shimbun daily reported on Saturday."
p9
aS'Regency Centers  Gets Nod for Equity One Merger Deal Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Retail REIT, Regency Centers Corporation REG has got the nod from shareholders for its proposed merger with Equity One, Inc. EQY, with the former remaining as the surviving public company of the merger.Regency Centers closing merger with Equity One this week - Jacksonville Daily RecordRegency Centers Stockholders OK Merger with Equity One - Commercial Property Executive'
p10
a.