(lp0
S'C-III Capital Partners to Acquire Resource America  in ~$207M Deal StreetInsider.com - May 23, 2016 Resource America, Inc.  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by C-III Capital Partners LLC , a commercial real estate services company engaged in a broad range of activities, including ...Texas firm to buy Resource America for $207M - Philly.comC-III Capital Adding Another Piece with Acquisition of Resource America - CoStar Group'
p1
aS'C-III Capital Partners LLC Completes Acquisition of Resource America, Inc. Business Wire  - Sep 8, 2016 NEW YORK----C-III Capital Partners LLC , a leading commercial real estate investment management company, announced today that it has successfully completed its acquisition of Resource America, Inc. &nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Resource America  to Evaluate Strategic Alternatives StreetInsider.com - Jan 29, 2016 Resource America, Inc.  announced that it will evaluate the Company's current strategic position and seek to identify and evaluate strategic and financial alternatives for the Company to enhance shareholder value and capitalize on the&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Resource America Stockholders Approve Merger With C-III Capital Partners Marketwired  - Aug 25, 2016 PHILADELPHIA, PA-- - Resource America, Inc.  , announced today Resource America stockholders, at a special meeting, approved the pending merger of Resource America with a&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'C-III Capital Partners Acquires Resource America Commercial Property Executive - Sep 12, 2016 DallasLeading CRE investment manager C-III Capital Partners LLC has completed its acquisition of Resource America Inc., both companies announced late last week.'
p5
aS'Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund and Resource Credit Income Fund ... Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 PHILADELPHIA----Over the next several weeks, two interval funds sponsored by subsidiaries of Resource America, Inc.  will celebrate key milestones, reaching their fourth and second anniversaries, respectively. As the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Undaunted by oil bust, financiers pour billions into US shale One America News Network  - Apr 17, 2017 Demand for oil has been more robust than anyone imagined three years ago, said Mark Papa, chief executive of Centennial Resource Development Inc &lt;CDEV.O&gt;. Papa referred to the beginning of an international oil price crash in 2014, which took many&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Japan Bank for International Cooperation to Take Part in Mitsubishi Hitachi ... Business Wire  - 7 hours ago Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Americas is proud to host the Japan Bank for International Cooperation at our upcoming technical conference in Buenos Aires, said Paul Browning, President &amp; CEO of MHPS Americas. We look at ... JBIC financing for ...'
p8
aS'UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires 230403 Shares of Canadian Natural ... Sports Perspectives - Apr 3, 2017 Canadian Natural Resource logo UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of Canadian Natural Resource Ltd   by 9.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'INDUSTRY BRIEFS Oil & Gas Financial Journal - 15 hours ago Brigham Resources Operating LLC and Brigham Resources Midstream LLC  has closed the sale of substantially all of its southern Delaware Basin assets for $2.55 billion to Diamondback Energy Inc. The sale included the ...'
p10
a.