(lp0
S"Regions Financial Corporation : What can we expect from this high growth ... Simply Wall St - 7 hours ago Analysts covering Regions Financial Corporation  are predicting the earnings to grow 12.1% in years' time. What should potential investors be aware of?Regions Financial Corporation Posted losses of -2.01% in the Last Trade - Free ObserverRegions Financial Corp  Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS'Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Regions Financial Corp (RF ... The Cerbat Gem - 12 hours ago Regions Financial Corp logo News coverage about Regions Financial Corp  has been trending positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis.'
p2
aS"Regions Bank Names Amala Duggirala as Enterprise Chief Information Officer Business Wire  - Apr 10, 2017 Regions Financial Corporation , with $126 billion in assets, is a member of the S&amp;P 500 Index and is one of the nation's largest full-service providers of consumer and commercial banking, wealth management, mortgage, and insurance products&nbsp;..."
p3
aS"Regions Financial  Q1 Earnings: Will it Beat Again? Nasdaq - Apr 13, 2017 Our proven model doesn't conclusively predict whether Regions Financial will be able to beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the first quarter."
p4
aS'Regions Financial Corporation  Has Just Revealed This From The Technicals NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 Regions Financial Corporation  is now trading with a very clear set of technicals. Taken together they paint a very compelling picture of how investors and traders should be approaching RF.'
p5
aS'Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold on Regions Financial ... Market Exclusive - Apr 5, 2017 Today, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated its Hold rating on Regions Financial Corp  with a price target of $16.00. There are 1 sell rating, 15 hold ratings, 6 buy ratings on the stock.Regions Financial Corp  Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods - The Cerbat GemMost Active Volume Stock: Regions Financial Corporation  - HugoPress'
p6
aS"Analyst's Bullish on these two stock Following meeting with Industry: Regions ... StockNewsJournal - 21 hours ago Regions Financial Corporation  market capitalization at present is $16.49B at the rate of $13.68 a share. The firm's price-to-sales ratio was noted 2.97 in contrast with an overall industry average of 4.79."
p7
aS'Regions Financial Corp.  Shouts Loudly With Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - Apr 11, 2017 The technicals for Regions Financial Corporation  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p8
aS"Analyst's Indicator Review for Regions Financial Corporation , First ... The USA Commerce - 19 hours ago Shares of Regions Financial Corporation  dropped -2.01% to $13.68. During the trading on 04/13/2017, Company's stock ranged from $14.07 to $13.67."
p9
aS'Parametrica Management Ltd Takes Position in Regions Financial Corp  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 14, 2017 Regions Financial Corp logo Parametrica Management Ltd acquired a new position in shares of Regions Financial Corp  during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Which Analysts Are Watching Regions Financial Corporation ? - pppFocusActive Volume Stock: Regions Financial Corporation  - HugoPress'
p10
a.