(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Hold on Resolute Forest ... Market Exclusive - 4 hours ago Resolute Forest Products Inc. operates in the forest products industry. It offers a range of forest products, including market pulp, tissue, wood products, newsprint and specialty papers.Resolute Forest Products Inc  Receives $4.91 Average PT from Brokerages - The Cerbat GemTwo Sigma Investments LP Acquires New Stake in Resolute Forest Products Inc  - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS"Moody's downgrades Resolute's bond rating to B1; raises liquidity to SGL-1 Moodys.com   - Sep 8, 2016 Toronto, September 08, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service,  downgraded Resolute Forest Product Inc's  senior unsecured notes due 2023 to B1 from Ba3 and raised the speculative-grade liquidity rating to SGL-1 (very good liquidity ..."
p2
aS'Resolute Forest Products Arm Unveils Green Heritage Line Yahoo Finance - Mar 28, 2017 Business arm of Resolute Forest Products Inc. RFP, Atlas Tissue, recently rolled out the Green Heritage branded recycled tissue products for consumers of the at-home market.'
p3
aS"$7 million Resolute Forest Products lawsuit against Greenpeace must continue ... Financial Post - Mar 10, 2017 Resolute, one of the world's largest forestry multinationals, sued Greenpeace Canada and two staff members in 2013 over the group's campaign against the company's boreal logging in northern Ontario and Quebec. Essentially, Resolute alleges Greenpeace&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Resolute Forest Product: Buy This Cyclical Commodity Company While It's Out Of ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 Resolute Forest Products  is diversified company that sells forest products. It has suffer from years of underperformance that has left the stock for dead.Greenpeace court filing an admission of 'lying,' Resolute Forest Products charges - Montreal Gazette"
p5
aS"Peter Foster: Resolute Forest Products uses mafia laws to go after the eco 'mob' Financial Post - Jun 1, 2016 Thus the lawsuit brought three years ago by Montreal-based Resolute Forest Products against Greenpeace for defamation, malicious falsehood and intentional interference with economic relations represented a rare display of business backbone ...Resolute Forest Products sues Greenpeace - ReutersResolute Forest files lawsuit against Greenpeace, alleges group is a 'global ... - The Globe and Mail "
p6
aS"Court dismisses 'vexatious' allegations by Resolute Forest Products against ... Financial Post - Sep 2, 2016 Forestry giant Resolute Forest Products Inc. has hit a setback in its high profile, ongoing defamation suit against Greenpeace and two of its activists."
p7
aS'Analysts Weigh in on Resolute Forest Products Inc. : Consensus Notes Rockville Register - 20 hours ago During the past trading session, shares of Resolute Forest Products Inc.  traded -1.89%. Covering analysts are predicting the stock to move to $4.63 within the next year.'
p8
aS"Greenpeace admits its attacks on forest products giant were 'non-verifiable ... Financial Post - Mar 2, 2017 Peter J. Thompson/National PostRichard Garneau, chief executive of Resolute Forest Products Inc., shows off his wooden bowtie, made in Quebec's forestry heartland of Lac St. Jean.Resolute Forest Can't Escape Suit Over Retiree Health Benefits - Bloomberg BNA"
p9
aS"What Does the Canadian Warren Buffett See in Resolute Forest Products? Motley Fool - Jun 23, 2016 Watsa has nearly 12% of Fairfax's equity portfolio in Resolute Forest Products  and owns over 30% of the company. Watsa is bullish on Resolute because its shares are very cheap relative to the cash flow that it generates. I'm inclined to be ..."
p10
a.