(lp0
S'Regal Entertainment Group  Under Analyst Spotlight UK Market News - Jan 20, 2017 Amid volatile financial markets and the presidential election, various investment brokerages have made amendments to their price targets and ratings on shares of Regal Entertainment Group . Based on the latest brokerage notes which have&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Regal Entertainment Group Announces Timing of First Quarter 2017 Earnings ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 12, 2017 Regal Entertainment Group , a leading motion picture exhibitor owning and operating one of the largest theatre circuits in the United States, today announced it will release first quarter 2017 results after the market close on Wednesday, April 26 ...Analyst Activity  Benchmark Co. Reiterates Buy on Regal Entertainment Group ... - Market ExclusiveRegal Entertainment Group's  Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Benchmark Co. - Markets Daily"
p2
aS"Regal's Best Picture Film Festival Tickets On Sale Tomorrow PR Newswire  - Jan 24, 2017 KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Jan. 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Regal Entertainment Group, a leading motion picture exhibitor owning and operating one of the largest theatre circuits in the United States, announces the official schedule for the 2017 Regal Best Picture&nbsp;...King-size recliners to be installed at Regal Theater - Folsom Telegraph"
p3
aS'Regal Entertainment Group Announces Grand Opening Festivities for Regal ... PR Newswire  - Feb 8, 2017 KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Regal Entertainment Group, a leading motion picture exhibitor owning and operating one of the largest theatre circuits in the United States, is celebrating the grand opening of Regal Independence Plaza 12&nbsp;...Regal Cinemas in Hamilton to celebrate opening with $3 movies, popcorn - NJ.com'
p4
aS'Regal Entertainment Group Announces Grand Opening Festivities for Regal ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 KNOXVILLE, Tenn., March 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Regal Entertainment Group, a leading motion picture exhibitor owning and operating one of the largest theatre circuits in the United States, is celebrating the grand opening of Regal Crossroads 14 &amp; RPX ...'
p5
aS'Santikos selling Houston theaters; eyes more San Antonio expansion San Antonio Business Journal - Apr 10, 2017 Santikos Enterprises CEO David Holmes said the sale of two Houston movie theaters will more. Carlos Javier Sanchez | SABJ. Deal with Knoxville, Tennessee-based Regal Entertainment Group will funnel more money to San Antonio theaters and nonprofit&nbsp;...San Antonio movie theater chain Santikos to lease Houston - mySanAntonio.com'
p6
aS'Regal Entertainment Group  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 Good afternoon. My name is Tim, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Regal Entertainment Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call, with our host Amy Miles ...'
p7
aS"Regal Entertainment Group  Short Interest Update Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago Investors are looking at Regal Entertainment Group 's short data, trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p8
aS'An intrinsic value calculation for Regal Entertainment Group  shows its ... Simply Wall St - Apr 6, 2017 I am going to run you through how I calculated the intrinsic value of Regal Entertainment Group  by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p9
aS'Regal Entertainment Group  Earns &quot;Outperform&quot; Rating from Benchmark Co. The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Regal Entertainment Group logo Benchmark Co. reissued their buy rating on shares of Regal Entertainment Group  in a research report sent to investors on Friday morning.'
p10
a.