(lp0
S'Regis Corporation  Appoints Hugh Sawyer as CEO StreetInsider.com - 23 hours ago Regis Corporation  announced today that after successful completion of the CEO transition Dan Hanrahan has left the Company and the Board has appointed Hugh E. Sawyer to replace Mr. Hanrahan as President and CEO.'
p1
aS"Regis Corporation  Settles Into New 52-Week Low on April 17 Session Equities.com - 12 hours ago Shares of Regis Corporation  sank into a new 52-week low yesterday, and could be a company to watch at the open. The company's stock fell to as low as $10.68 yesterday after opening at $11.14."
p2
aS"Will Regis Corporation's  Balance Sheet Trouble It During A Downturn? Simply Wall St - 16 hours ago Regis Corporation  is a small-cap company - a market capitalization of less than $2 billion. Such companies have the highest growth potential, primarily due to their small-size.Regis Corporation  appoint Hugh E. Sawyer as President and CEO - Benchmark MonitorThe Zacks: Regis Corporation  Receives Consensus Rating of Hold from ... - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS"Driving A Higher ROE With Regis Seeking Alpha - Mar 21, 2017 Regis Corp is the beauty industry's global leader in hair salons and cosmetology education. It owns, franchises and operates beauty salons that offer haircutting, hair coloring and markets a wide selection of professional haircare products to its ..."
p4
aS'Regis Corporation: Same-Store Sales Declines Are Cutting Into Margins Seeking Alpha - Sep 11, 2015 Regis Corporation  is a self-proclaimed North American operator and franchisor of beauty salons. In reality about 77.8% of revenues are from hair care services performed in company-owned and operated stores.'
p5
aS"Regis Corp.  CEO Daniel Hanrahan on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Aug 23, 2016 Good morning. My name is Catherine, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Regis Corporation Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any ..."
p6
aS'Regis Corporation: A Stock Value Investors Should Relook ValueWalk - Aug 1, 2016 Value investors try to avoid tech stocks but with tech stocks taking over almost every industry, value investors are turning their focus to stocks which have high barriers to entry.'
p7
aS"Regis Corporation Honored by Walmart with Two Awards PR Newswire  - Sep 15, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Regis Corporation  has been awarded Walmart's annual Supplier of the Year and Partner of the Year in the Consumer Services Division."
p8
aS'Regis Corp. stock down 15 percent after reporting third-quarter loss Minneapolis Star Tribune - Apr 28, 2016 Regis Corp. continues to struggle, reporting a $2.1 million loss for its fiscal third quarter. Officials of the Edina-based company said profits fell because of a tax change, drop in same-store sales, rising labor costs and new promotional expenses ...'
p9
aS"Regis Corporation's Clip for the Cure - Saturday, October 15, 2016 PR Newswire  - Sep 22, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Regis Corporation , a leader in beauty salons and cosmetology education with brands including Supercuts, SmartStyle and Regis Salons, is pleased to announce its annual Clip for the Cure event&nbsp;..."
p10
a.