(lp0
S'Raymond James to pay $150 million to settle alleged fraudulent visa program MarketWatch - Apr 14, 2017 Raymond James Financial Inc. RJF, +1.45% said Friday that it will pay $150 million as part of a settlement of all investor claims related to the Jay Peak EB-5 visa matter, subject to court approval.Raymond James settles Vermont ski resort claims for $150 million - InvestmentNewsRaymond James agrees to multimillion-dollar settlement in Vermont ski resort suits - Tampa Bay Business Journal'
p1
aS'Analyst Activity  Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform on ... Market Exclusive - 11 hours ago Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated its Market Perform rating on WestJet Airlines  with a price target of C$24.50.WestJet Airlines Ltd.  Given &quot;Market Perform&quot; Rating at Raymond James ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS'Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 30, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 29, 2017 Raymond James Financial, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 30, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.22 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2017.Analytical Guide for Raymond James Financial, Inc. , Kopin Corporation ... - The USA Commerce'
p3
aS'Analyst Consensus Recommendations on Raymond James Financial, Inc.  The Herald - 21 hours ago Out of the N/A covering Street analysts offering stock ratings for Raymond James Financial, Inc. , N/A have shares pegged as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have the stock rated a Buy.'
p4
aS'Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann ... Sports Perspectives - 3 hours ago Raymond James Financial logo Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of Raymond James Financial, Inc.  by 4.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned&nbsp;...Doyle Wealth Management Invests $1.868 Million in Raymond James Financial, Inc ... - Community Financial News'
p5
aS'Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... Market Exclusive - Apr 13, 2017 On April 13, 2017, Raymond James &amp; Associates, Inc. , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Raymond James Financial, Inc. , entered into an agreement regarding a proposed settlement of all investor claims against RJA and its affiliates&nbsp;...Raymond James Financial, Inc. : From Top to Bottom - StockNewsJournalTrading Patterns In Focus: Raymond James Financial, Inc. , Blackhawk ... - Post Analyst'
p6
aS'Agree To Purchase Raymond James Financial At $67.50, Earn 6.6% Annualized ... Nasdaq - Mar 24, 2017 Investors considering a purchase of Raymond James Financial, Inc.  stock, but cautious about paying the going market price of $75.37/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal.Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Owens &amp; Minor, Inc. , Raymond James ... - The USA Commerce5889 Shares in Raymond James Financial, Inc.  Acquired by GSA Capital ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'Can Raymond James Financial  Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Yahoo Finance - Apr 1, 2017 One such company that might be well-positioned for future earnings growth is Raymond James Financial, Inc. RJF.This firm, which is in the Financial - Investment Bank industry, saw EPS growth of about 12% last year, and is looking great for this year too.Raymond James Financial Inc.: Raymond James expands Advisory Board with China ... - The Wall Street Transcript'
p8
aS'Should You Expect Raymond James Financial Inc  To Deliver A Superior ROE ... Simply Wall St - Apr 6, 2017 Raymond James Financial Inc  delivered a 10.8% ROE over the past year; however, the figure is only significant when we compare it to returns from assets with similar risk profile: the industry average, which stood at 11.98% in the same time&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Raymond James Financial, Inc. Lowers AGT Food and Ingredients Inc  to ... The Cerbat Gem - 6 hours ago AGT Food and Ingredients logo AGT Food and Ingredients Inc  was downgraded by research analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. from a strong-buy rating to an outperform rating in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a&nbsp;...'
p10
a.