(lp0
S'Ralph Lauren Is the Latest Fashion Victim in a New Era for Retailers Bloomberg - Apr 4, 2017 Beset by a decline in sales, Ralph Lauren Corp. announced Tuesday it would close the flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York as part of a $370 million shakeup.Ralph Lauren Corporation on the Ropes - American SpectatorRalph Lauren to cut jobs, close flagship Fifth Avenue Polo store - Reuters'
p1
aS'Ralph Lauren: Time To Unload? Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 When Stefan Larsson arrived at Ralph Lauren, we felt that the struggling retailer could be transformed into a retail force again.'
p2
aS'Ralph Lauren Corp  Given Consensus Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; by Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Ralph Lauren Corp logo Ralph Lauren Corp  has earned an average recommendation of Hold from the twenty-four brokerages that are covering the company.Vetr Inc. Lowers Ralph Lauren Corp  to Hold - Sports PerspectivesRalph Lauren Corporation : Are Traders Shorting This Stock? - Midway Monitor'
p3
aS'Ralph Lauren Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 29, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 28, 2017 Ralph Lauren Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 29, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.5 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 13, 2017.Ralph Lauren Corp  Receives $99.44 Consensus PT from Analysts - The Cerbat GemRalph Lauren Corp  Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. - BNB Daily '
p4
aS'Ralph Lauren: Potential Upside From Strategy Implementation Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Ralph Lauren stock has tumbled recently as a result of declining sales and deteriorating operating margin. To change the course, company management has initiated a new strategy that should restore revenue growth and expand margins. As a result of the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"RBC Capital Markets Initiated Coverage of Ralph Lauren Corp  Smrt Stck Nws - Apr 10, 2017 Ralph Lauren Corp's  turnaround poses an intriguing setup as the brand is currently re-basing its global sales in an effort to restart growth, while gross margin improvements somewhat support earnings in the near term.Analyst Activity  Royal Bank of Canada Initiates Coverage On Ralph Lauren ... - Market ExclusiveVolume Gainer: Ralph Lauren Corporation  - StandardOracle"
p6
aS'Stock Watch: Viewing the Numbers for Ralph Lauren Corp  Piedmont Register - 19 hours ago Investors may be closely watching technical levels on shares of Ralph Lauren Corp . In terms of Relative Strength Index, the 14-day RSI is currently resting at 46.99, the 7-day is 45.61, and the 3-day is standing at 42.62.'
p7
aS'Stock in Motion: Ralph Lauren Corporation  StandardOracle - Mar 31, 2017 Ralph Lauren Corporation  lost -1.29% to reach $81.9 in the previous trading session. Overall, 1.07 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 1.8 Million shares.Ralph Lauren Corp  Declares $0.50 Quarterly Dividend - Sports PerspectivesRevenue Approximations Analysis: CytRx Corporation , Ralph Lauren ... - StockNewsJournal'
p8
aS'Investor Focus: Watching Shares of Ralph Lauren Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 6 hours ago Investors are constantly examining different company financial indicators to assess trading opportunities. Ralph Lauren Corporation  presently has an EV or Enterprise Value of 6646130. The EV is used to show how the market assigns value to a&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"What Does The Chart For Ralph Lauren Corporation  Tell Us Presently? NY Stock News - Apr 5, 2017 Ralph Lauren Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.