(lp0
S'RealD wants to make glasses-free 3D a reality the Irish News - Jan 24, 2017 The name RealD will most likely be familiar to you through the world of 3D movies and the visual technology firm has plans to up the ante in the coming years.'
p1
aS'RealD Buys MasterImage Assets After Suing Company Variety - Feb 23, 2017 RealD has acquired the remaining assets of MasterImage, the technology company is successfully sued for patent infringement.RealD Acquires MasterImage 3D Technology - Hollywood Reporter'
p2
aS'Travis Reid Named RealD Chief Operating Officer Variety - Oct 4, 2016 RealD has tapped veteran studio and technology executive Travis Reid to serve as its chief operating officer. He joins the company after a stint as president of distribution for Broad Green Pictures, the indie studio behind A Walk in the Woods and ...Travis Reid Surfaces As COO At RealD - Deadline'
p3
aS"RealD to Go Private in $551 Million Deal With Private-Equity Firm Rizvi Traverse Variety - Nov 9, 2015 3D cinema technology firm RealD agreed to be acquired in a deal worth $551 million with private-equity firm Rizvi Traverse Management, a year after rejecting an unsolicited takeover offer from Starboard Value.RealD to sell company to Rizvi Traverse for $551 million - Los Angeles TimesRealD's Search For A Buyer Lands $551M Deal With Rizvi Traverse Management - Deadline"
p4
aS'RealD Acquires Tessive, Plans to Launch Motion Capture Tool RealD TrueMotion Variety - Jul 13, 2016 Principal licensor of 3D technology RealD Inc. announced on Wednesday that it has obtained the technology and assets of Tessive, a motion picture processing company.'
p5
aS"RealD, Wanda Cinema Line expand 3D alliance Screen International - Aug 1, 2016 RealD and Wanda Cinema Line Corporation have agreed to expand their relationship - begun in 2010 - by committing to equip 5,600 screens throughout China with RealD's projection technology. Wanda will instal at least 4,000 RealD 3D projection systems&nbsp;...RealD, Wanda Strike New Pact to Bring 3D to More Theaters in China - Hollywood ReporterWanda Cinemas Tap RealD In Largest 3D Installation In Format History - Deadline"
p6
aS'Starboard offers to take RealD private for $12 per share Reuters - Oct 2, 2014 Activist investor Starboard Value LP said on Wednesday it had offered to acquire the remaining shares in RealD Inc RLD.N after raising its stake in the 3D technology licensor.Starboard Value makes bid to acquire RealD - Los Angeles TimesThe Hedge Fund Going After Olive Garden Wants To Buy A Company That Makes 3D ... - Business Insider'
p7
aS'RealD 3D: the technology behind the 3D movie blockbusters iNews - Mar 18, 2017 RealD is the company behind the vast majority of the 3D in cinemas, producing technology to trick our eyes into perceiving projected the images as three-dimensional, or leaping out of the screen at us.'
p8
aS'RealD, Shanghai Redstar Macalline Building More Chinese Premium Cinemas ... Deadline - Dec 7, 2016 Global 3D and VFX company RealD and Shanghai Redstar Macalline Pictures Development Co. have signed a deal to add 11 ultra premium auditoriums to its Redstar Macalline Cinemas.RealD and Shanghai Redstar Macalline Sign Deal to add 11 &quot;LUXE: A RealD ... - PR Newswire '
p9
aS"RealD Saw the Light  and Want You to See It, Too Variety - Apr 14, 2016 It was RealD's TrueImage, which uses proprietary software to improve clarity and detail in digital moving images, that saved the day for Parks."
p10
a.