(lp0
S'Red Lion Hotels Corporation Enters Into Definitive Agreement to Acquire ... GlobeNewswire  - Sep 13, 2016 SPOKANE, Wash. and CORAL SPRINGS, Fla., Sept. 13, 2016  -- Red Lion Hotels Corporation  , a growing hospitality company that operates and franchises upscale, midscale and economy hotels,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Viewing the Metrics on Shares of Red Lion Hotels Corporation  Baxter Review - 10 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Red Lion Hotels Corporation . ROIC is a metric that can be used to assess the efficiency of a particular company at allocating controlled capital into investments ...'
p2
aS'Red Lion to Buy Vantage Hospitality for $27 Million Skift - Sep 14, 2016 based Red Lion Hotels Corporation  is buying Vantage Hospitality Group, a Coral Springs, Fla.-based franchisor of upscale, midscale, and economy hotels, in a deal valued at a total of $27.8 million, with $23 million in cash, and approximately $4 ...Red Lion acquiring hotel franchisor Vantage Hospitality - Travel Weekly'
p3
aS'Expedia, Red Lion Hotels Corp. become partners Travel Weekly - Aug 24, 2016 &quot;It can be difficult for brands to generate any real, meaningful demand or [return on investment] through loyalty programs without spending substantial amounts of marketing dollars on a long-term basis,&quot; Bill Linehan, Red Lion Hotels Corporation CMO ...Expedia and Red Lion Hotels Hit Reset on Loyalty and Direct Booking - Skift'
p4
aS'Red Lion Hotels Corporation: Is This Budget Hotelier A Bargain? Seeking Alpha - Feb 15, 2017 Red Lion Hotels Corporation  was established in 1959, and with a market cap of $180m, it represents one of the smaller lodgings chains, which creates a unique opportunity.'
p5
aS"Red Lion Hotels' Contrarian Approach to Direct Bookings Skift - Jun 10, 2016 But there's at least one hotel company out there that has a different approach to the direct booking wars. Instead of choosing to wage a war on the OTAs with a direct bookings push, Spokane, Washington-based Red Lion Hotels Corporation, which has 124&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Red Lion Hotels Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock GlobeNewswire  - Dec 15, 2016 SPOKANE, Wash., Dec. 15, 2016  -- Red Lion Hotels Corporation  , a growing hospitality company that operates and franchises upscale, midscale and economy hotels, today announced the pricing&nbsp;...Red Lion Hotels announces stock offering - The Spokesman-Review'
p7
aS'BRIEF-Red Lion Hotels Corp extends due date for annual report Reuters - Mar 15, 2017 LONDON, March 16 European shares hit their highest level in 15 months on Thursday, with basic resource and banking stocks rising after the U.S.'
p8
aS"Red Lion Hotels'  CEO Greg Mount On Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 8, 2017 Welcome to the RLHC Full-Year and Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded.Are Red Lion Hotels Corporation's  Interest Costs Too High? - Simply Wall StRed Lion Hotels reports net loss for 2016 - The Spokesman-Review"
p9
aS"BRIEF-Red Lion Hotels Corp says on March 16 increased size of board from nine ... Reuters - Mar 22, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p10
a.