(lp0
S"Kroger closes $800M acquisition of Roundy's, Mariano's Cincinnati.com - Dec 18, 2015 Kroger is closing its $800 million acquisition of Milwaukee-based grocer Roundy's Inc., the company said Friday. The Cincinnati retailer disclosed it has completed the acquisition of outstanding stock of Roundy's for $3.60 and will complete a tender ...Kroger completes acquisition of Roundy's - Milwaukee Journal SentinelKroger completed purchase of Mariano's Friday - Chicago Daily Herald"
p1
aS"Mariano's Fresh Market Doesn't Justify Buying Roundy's Inc. Motley Fool - Nov 3, 2014 For many, that's what has happened with Roundy's , the upper-Midwest grocer that, until this year, offered a yield as high as 10%."
p2
aS"Roundy's: Feeling The Heat Of Competition Seeking Alpha - Jun 24, 2015 Roundy's Inc , largely based in Wisconsin, operates retail grocery stores under four banners: Pick n Save, Mariano's, Copps and Metro Market."
p3
aS"Kroger to buy Pick 'n Save parent Roundy's in $800 million deal Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Nov 11, 2015 Competition in southeast Wisconsin's already fiercely contested grocery market promises to intensify after Kroger Co. decided to enter the fray with its acquisition of Milwaukee-based Roundy's Inc. - parent of Pick 'n Save, the region's market-share ...Roundy's takeover gives Kroger stronger Downtown store model - Cincinnati.comRoundy's  Stock Soars on $800 Million Kroger Deal - TheStreet.com"
p4
aS"Roundy's Lengthy Union Access Case Fizzles At NLRB Law360  - Sep 15, 2015 Law360, New York  -- A protracted National Labor Relations Board battle involving supermarket chain Roundy's Inc. concerning employers' ability to ban union agents from their property has wrapped up with the union&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Roundy's, Inc. Announces Strategic Acquisition Of 11 Dominick's Stores Business Wire  - Dec 2, 2013 MILWAUKEE----Roundy's, Inc.  , a leading grocer in the Midwest, today announced the company has signed a definitive agreement to acquire 11 Dominick's stores from Safeway Inc.   in a&nbsp;...Roundy's Makes a Game-Changing Announcement - Motley FoolMariano's buys 11 Dominick's, Whole Foods said to be buying 7 - Crain's Chicago Business"
p6
aS"Roundy's, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Business Wire  - May 13, 2015 Due to softer than anticipated March and Easter sales, our same-store sales were below our expectations, said Robert A. Mariano, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Roundy's. We remain committed to improving financial performance ..."
p7
aS"Can Mariano's expansion binge save Roundy's? Crain's Chicago Business  - Jun 7, 2014 Bob Mariano is placing a major bet that the success of his shiny namesake grocery chain can cancel out the troubles of its parent company, Milwaukee-based Roundy's Inc. The Chicago native and CEO of Roundy's ran 13 Chicago-area Mariano's Fresh&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Roundy's Supermarkets Inc.  Community Impact Milwaukee Business Journal - Mar 10, 2017 ... been served by the mobile food market. Courtesy of Roundy's Supermarkets Inc. The team at Roundy's Supermarkets Inc. intimately knows the importance of a well-balanced diet and how food insecurity can be detrimental to communities and families."
p9
aS"Roundy's Inc. opening 30th Mariano's store Milwaukee Business Journal - Feb 2, 2015 Grocery chain Roundy's Inc. will open its newest Mariano's location Tuesday in Evergreen Park, Ill., to serve nearby south Chicago neighborhoods, the company announced Monday."
p10
a.