(lp0
S'Rentech Nitrogen Partners, LP Announces Closing of Merger with CVR Partners, LP Business Wire  - Apr 1, 2016 LOS ANGELES----Rentech Nitrogen Partners, L.P.  announced today the completion of its merger with CVR Partners, LP.CVR Partners Completes Acquisition of Rentech Nitrogen Partners, LP - PR Newswire After the Closing of Merger, Rentech  Positioned for Success - Economic Calendar'
p1
aS'CVR Partners, LP to Combine with Rentech Nitrogen Partners, LP To Create a ... PR Newswire  - Aug 10, 2015 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Partners, LP  and Rentech Nitrogen Partners, L.P.  announced today the execution of a definitive merger agreement under which CVR Partners will acquire all outstanding units of Rentech Nitrogen.Fertilizer Maker CVR to Buy Rival for $533 Million - Bloomberg13% Annual Return From Rentech - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Rentech Nitrogen Announces Sale of Pasadena Facility Business Wire  - Mar 14, 2016 LOS ANGELES----Rentech Nitrogen Partners, L.P.  announced today that it has completed the sale of its Pasadena, Texas facility to Pasadena Commodities International, an affiliate of Interoceanic Corporation , who is the&nbsp;...CVR Partners: A Risky High Yield Fertilizer Play - Seeking Alpha'
p3
aS'How Are CVR Partners LP and Rentech Nitrogen Partners LP Responding to Current ... Motley Fool - Jun 22, 2014 These and other factors continue to subdue selling prices for nitrogen MLPs such as CVR Partners LP  and Rentech Nitrogen Partners . Investors are probably wondering what each company is doing to insulate itself from unfavorable&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Rentech Nitrogen Partners, LP Announces Confidential Submission of Draft ... Business Wire  - Jan 26, 2016 LOS ANGELES----Rentech Nitrogen Partners, L.P.  today announced that a wholly owned subsidiary of Rentech Nitrogen has confidentially submitted a draft registration statement on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Rentech Nitrogen Partners: A New Fertilizer MLP Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2011 Rentech Nitrogen Partners, L.P.  is new nitrogen fertilizer plant MLP being offered via an IPO prospectus dated October 26 with Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse leading the selling group (Citigroup, RBC Capital Markets and four smaller ...'
p6
aS"CVR Partners LP Dropped 13% in August After This Major Acquisition Motley Fool - Sep 8, 2015 So what: CVR Partners LP shareholders will have to stomach an additional 40.5 million shares -- an increase of nearly 55% -- and Rentech Nitrogen Partners' net debt of roughly $301 million. Investors will gain diversity of operations (CVR Partners ..."
p7
aS"Moody's: CVR Partners offer to repurchase Rentech Nitrogen debt following ... Moodys.com   - Apr 15, 2016 New York, April 15, 2016 -- Moody's says that following the completion of the merger of East Dubuque Nitrogen Partners LP , into CVR Partners LP  financing has been put in place at CVR&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Tessenderlo Kerley, Inc. and Rentech Nitrogen Partners, LP sign agreement to ... PR Newswire  - Oct 30, 2014 BRUSSELS, Oct. 30, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Tessenderlo Kerley, Inc. , the north American subsidiary of Brussels-based Tessenderlo Group, has signed a long-term agreement with Rentech Nitrogen Partners, L.P.  to lease property adjacent&nbsp;...Rentech Nitrogen Partners, LP Signs Long-Term Agreement to Supply Tessenderlo ... - Business Wire '
p9
aS'Rentech Nitrogen Partners, LP Implements Plan to Restructure Pasadena Facility Business Wire  - Oct 2, 2014 LOS ANGELES----Rentech Nitrogen Partners, L.P.  announced today that it has begun to restructure operations at its Pasadena, Texas facility, in order to improve profitability in currently unfavorable market conditions.'
p10
a.