(lp0
S"Why Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. Is Clawing Higher Today Motley Fool - Aug 18, 2016 What: Investors in Raptor Pharmaceutical , a biopharmaceutical company focused on treating rare diseases, are seeing green today.Raptor Pharmaceuticals  Stock Surges on Potential Retrophin Deal - TheStreet.comRaptor Pharmaceutical Corp. : That's How Timing The Breakout Is ... - Market News Call"
p1
aS"Here's Why Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Plunged Today Motley Fool - Sep 14, 2015 What: Raptor Pharmaceuticals , a small-cap biopharma company specializing in the development of treatments for rare diseases, saw its stock plunge by nearly 40% today on heavy volume.Raptor Pharmaceutical Provides Topline Results From Phase 2b CyNCh Study ... - GlobeNewswire Raptor Pharmaceutical's Trial Failed, But Huntington's Disease Update Could ... - Benzinga"
p2
aS'Another Look At Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. Seeking Alpha - Jun 6, 2016 I wrote about Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp.  in late October 2015, and said that the company has potential, but that the two alternatives in the orphan space were actually better - Corcept  and Vanda .'
p3
aS"Why Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. Shares Cratered Motley Fool - Mar 31, 2015 So what: According to Raptor Pharmaceuticals' press release on Monday afternoon the company is commencing an underwritten offering totaling $75 million worth of common stock, with an additional 15% allotment of shares available for the underwriters up&nbsp;..."
p4
aS"Is Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Stock a Buy Right Now? Motley Fool - Mar 14, 2016 A phase 2 failure in the middle of a biotech meltdown has been tough on Raptor Pharmaceuticals'  stock. The shares have lost over 70% since their lofty peaks last June."
p5
aS"Why Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Stock Rose 25% in March Motley Fool - Apr 11, 2016 A week later, Canadian regulators accepted an application for Raptor's only commercial-stage product, Procysbi. That bolstered the previous week's gains, which continued into April as reported rumors of a potential sale led to a 20% spike in minutes.Raptor Pharmaceutical Launches QUINSAIR in Europe - GlobeNewswire "
p6
aS"3 Biggest Challenges Facing Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp. Stock Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2016 The latest earnings report from Raptor Pharmaceuticals  was full of good news. Quarterly sales of its lead product, Procysbi, were higher than ever, and heading higher.Raptor's PROCYSBI New Drug Submission Accepted by Health Canada with Priority ... - GlobeNewswire "
p7
aS"Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results GlobeNewswire  - Aug 4, 2016 04, 2016  -- Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. , a biopharmaceutical company developing and commercializing transformative treatments for rare diseases, today announced its financial results for the second quarter of 2016&nbsp;...Raptor Pharmaceutical's  CEO Julie Anne Smith on Q2 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p8
aS'Horizon Pharma to buy Raptor Pharma for $800 mln Reuters - Sep 12, 2016 Horizon Pharma Plc  said it would buy Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp RPTP.O for nearly $800 million to bolster its portfolio of drugs to treat rare diseases and reduce its dependence on the primary care market.Horizon Pharma plc  to Acquire Raptor Pharmaceutical  for $800M - StreetInsider.com'
p9
aS'US drug developer Raptor Pharmaceuticals explores sale -sources Reuters - Apr 6, 2016 April 6 Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp, which develops drugs that treat orphan diseases, is in discussions with investment banks to hire a financial adviser to explore a potential sale, according to people familiar with the matter.Raptor Pharmaceutical Stock Upgraded: 3 Things You Need to Know - Motley FoolRaptor Pharmaceutical  Stock Slumps, Said to be Exploring Sale - TheStreet.com'
p10
a.