(lp0
S'Market Update on Shares of RBC Quant US Equity Leaders CAD Hedged ETF  Davidson Register - 16 hours ago Investors may want to examine some technical indicators when studying a stock. Currently, the 14-day Commodity Channel Index  for RBC Quant US Equity Leaders CAD Hedged ETF  is sitting at 6.26. CCI is an indicator used in technical&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'TSX listed corporate dividends and distributions declared March 15 Winnipeg Free Press - Mar 15, 2017 Rbc Quant Eafe Div Leaders Etf : $0.053. Payable Mar 31. Record Mar 24.&lt;. Rbc Quant European Div Leadersetf Un : $0.054. Payable Mar 31. Record Mar 24.&lt;. Rbc Quant Us Equity Leaders &nbsp;...'
p2
aS'RBC Global Asset Management Inc. announces RBC ETF cash distributions for ... Canada NewsWire  - Dec 19, 2016 ETFs are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated. ETF units are bought and sold at market price on a stock exchange and brokerage commissions will reduce returns.'
p3
aS'RBC Global Asset Management Inc. announces RBC ETF cash distributions for ... Canada NewsWire  - Mar 15, 2017 ETFs are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated. ETF units are bought and sold at market price on a stock exchange and brokerage commissions will reduce returns.'
p4
aS'RBC Global Asset Management Opens the Market Canada NewsWire  - May 12, 2015 ... U.S. Equity Leaders ETF ; RBC Quant U.S. Equity Leaders  ETF ; RBC Quant EAFE Equity Leaders ETF ; RBC Quant EAFE Equity Leaders  ETF . With these new products, RBC GAM has&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Hamilton Capital products among a crowded field of ETF hopefuls The Globe and Mail - Jan 15, 2016 The Global Bank ETF is composed primarily of equity securities of banks and other deposit-taking institutions located anywhere around the globe.'
p6
aS'RBC Global Asset Management introduces four new ETFs Canada NewsWire  - Jan 25, 2016 RBC Strategic Global Equity Leaders ETF  offers long-term capital growth from global companies by following the rules-based Quant Equity Leaders investment process, which seeks to avoid companies with low quality of earnings, expensive valuations ...'
p7
aS'How to find the top US dividend funds Financial Post - Aug 22, 2014 RBC Quant US Dividend Leaders ETF   and in U.S. dollars  have a shorter performance history than their peers, but their key differentiator is that ... The iShares US High Dividend Equity  Index ETF (XHD/TSX ...'
p8
aS"Income seekers, here's a low-cost ETF portfolio The Globe and Mail - Mar 28, 2014 The answer is a blend of Canadian, U.S. and international dividend-paying ETFs, some bond funds, some preferred share funds and some alternative funds in the real estate investment trust , high yield bond and emerging markets bond categories ..."
p9
aS'RBC launches new income ETFs as talk swirls it will launch its own robo-adviser The Globe and Mail - Sep 20, 2016 The RBC Quant Global Infrastructure Leaders EFT  is an equity fund that invests in global utilities, transportation firms, energy companies and communications firms.'
p10
a.