(lp0
S"United States Navy Certifies Revolution Lighting Technologies' Advanced LED ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  , a leader in advanced LED lighting technology solutions, today announced that the U.S."
p1
aS'8.51 MarketWatch - Jan 30, 2013 Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc. Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets light-emitting diode  lighting solutions.'
p2
aS"Will Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc's  Balance Sheet Trouble It ... Simply Wall St - Apr 11, 2017 Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  is a small-cap company - a market capitalization of less than $2 billion.Which insiders are buying Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. ? - Post AnalystTop Bullish Mover of Monday: Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.'s (RVLT ... - WsNews 4investors"
p3
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies: Big Opportunities, Cheap Valuation Seeking Alpha - Nov 17, 2016 Revolution Lighting Technologies  is an LED lighting company with a broad product portfolio that has been built through a series of acquisitions over the last 8 years.'
p4
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies  Earning Somewhat Positive Press ... Markets Daily - 10 hours ago Revolution Lighting Technologies logo Media stories about Revolution Lighting Technologies  have been trending somewhat positive on Monday, according to AlphaOne.'
p5
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Announces Philanthropic Partnership with ... Marketwired  - Mar 13, 2017 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies , a leader in advanced LED lighting technology solutions, today announced that it has recently secured a philanthropic partnership with Mercy Ships, a ...Revenue Update on Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc - Energy Index'
p6
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Is Growing Rapidly And Significantly ... Seeking Alpha - Apr 27, 2016 Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc.  is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing, and sale of LED lighting solutions focusing on the industrial, commercial and government markets in the United States, Canada, and internationally.'
p7
aS"Revolution Lighting Technologies'  CEO Robert LaPenta on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Mar 10, 2017 The company's actual results could differ materially from those contained in such statements. Several ... Thank you and good morning, everyone and thanks for participating in Revolution Lighting Technologies' fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings ...Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc  Releases Quarterly Earnings ... - Sports Perspectives"
p8
aS"BRIEF-Revolution Lighting Technologies secures new agreement for Connecticut's ... Reuters - Apr 13, 2017 LONDON/SAN FRANCISCO, April 13 Facebook Inc said on Thursday it suspended 30,000 accounts in France as the social network giant steps up efforts to stop the spread of fake news, misinformation and spam."
p9
aS'Revolution Lighting Technologies Awarded $2.25M for Recent LED Retrofit ... Marketwired  - Jun 14, 2016 STAMFORD, CT-- - Revolution Lighting Technologies , a leader in advanced LED lighting technology solutions, today announced that it has recently been awarded LED lighting contracts within public education ...'
p10
a.