(lp0
S"Idaho Company to Acquire Revett, Permanently Close Troy Mine Flathead Beacon - Mar 27, 2015 A Coeur d'Alene-based mining company with large operations in Idaho, Alaska and Quebec, Canada is taking over the Revett Mining Company, Inc. and in the process will permanently close the Troy Mine. Revett and Hecla Mining Company made a joint&nbsp;...Revett Minerals Inc.: HECLA TO ACQUIRE REVETT IN $20 MILLION STOCK DEAL - GlobeNewswire Hecla to Acquire Revett in $20 Million Stock Deal - Business Wire "
p1
aS"Hecla Completes Acquisition of Revett Mining Company, Inc. Business Wire  - Jun 15, 2015 COEUR D'ALENE, Idaho----Hecla Mining Company  announced today that its acquisition of Revett Mining Company, Inc.  is now complete. The acquisition brings to Hecla the Rock Creek Project, considered to be one of&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Hecla Vows to Develop Rock Creek, Montanore Mines Flathead Beacon - May 31, 2016 Hecla was founded in 1891 and currently operates mines in Idaho, Alaska, Mexico and Quebec, Canada. In 2015, Hecla expanded into Montana when it purchased the Revett Mining Company, Inc., which owned the Troy Mine and the Rock Creek Project.'
p3
aS'Mysterious company buys Libby mine claims Daily Inter Lake - Jul 23, 2013 She is a former Revett Minerals Inc. employee and her father, Frank Duval, founded Revett, the silver and copper mining company in Troy. It is a local competitor of Mines Management and the two Spokane-based companies have squared off several times&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"2nd mine project nears approval near Noxon The Missoulian - Feb 16, 2016 That spelled the closure of Revett's Troy Mine, but gave greater impetus on opening the larger Rock Creek Mine project five miles northeast of Noxon, in Sanders County. ... The Rock Creek Mine would operate on a 1,550-acre property the company owns ..."
p5
aS'New Jersey Mining Company Strengthens Board and Management Team GlobeNewswire  - Jan 10, 2017 Ms. Hayes has 12 years of mining industry experience in investor relations and corporate governance - most recently overseeing community relations in northwest Montana for Hecla Mining following its acquisition of Revett Mining Company. At Revett she&nbsp;...'
p6
aS"Not at any cost: New Tintina CEO says mine must be developed responsibly Helena Independent Record - Aug 2, 2016 Shanahan became available after his former company, Revett Mining Co., was acquired by Hecla in June and announced Troy's closure."
p7
aS'Troy Mine Resumes Work, Aiming for Full Production by 2015 Flathead Beacon - Oct 1, 2014 In late 2012, a series of underground rockslides closed the Troy Mine and since then the Revett Mining Company has been busy building new tunnels to underground areas called the I and C Beds.'
p8
aS'Proposed silver, copper mine in Cabinet Mountains clears key hurdle; lawsuit looms The Missoulian - Dec 16, 2015 Mines Management Inc. of Spokane is proposing to remove up to 120 million tons of ore from the underground mine, which would disturb more than 1,500 acres of land just outside the wilderness area. Included is a 14-mile transmission line to carry power ...'
p9
aS"Petitions seek more protection for trout, grizzlies near Rock Creek Mine The Missoulian - Mar 17, 2015 Earthjustice associate attorney Katherine O'Brien said new information from the nearby Montanore mine environmental impact statement showed the Revett Minerals Inc. Rock Creek project could do serious damage to the Bull River and Rock Creek."
p10
a.