(lp0
S'Manufacturer Rexnord plans to move 300 high-paying jobs to Mexico Indianapolis Star - Oct 14, 2016 Workers knew something was amiss when the security cameras were installed last weekend. When Rexnord Corp. began calling its 295 Indianapolis employees into meetings Friday, their worst suspicions were realized.More Indianapolis jobs moving to Monterrey, Mexico: Rexnord tells 350 ... - WRTV IndianapolisRexford says it plans to move Indianapolis work to Mexico - Washington Times'
p1
aS'Rexnord Corp. reports higher profit Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Nov 2, 2016 Despite weaker than expected sales, Rexnord Corp. on Wednesday reported a 9% increase in profit in its recent fiscal quarter.'
p2
aS"Rexnord Corp's Growth Potential Is Solid: Should You Buy RXN Stock? Investorplace.com - Apr 11, 2017 We issued an updated research report on machinery company Rexnord Corp  on Apr 10. Rexnord, with a $2.4 billion market capitalization, specializes in designing, manufacture and sale of process and motion control, and water management&nbsp;...Rexnord Corp  Upgraded to &quot;Buy&quot; by Zacks Investment Research - BBNSThe Rexnord Corp  Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS"Is Rexnord Corp.  a Great Stock for Value Investors? Nasdaq - Apr 3, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ..."
p4
aS"Why Rexnord Corp.'s Shares Plunged 18% Today Motley Fool - Nov 3, 2016 Shares of industrial supplier Rexnord Corp.  fell as much as 18.3% in trading Thursday after reporting fiscal second-quarter 2017 results.Rexnord  Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS"Rexnord finalizes plans to close Indianapolis plant, despite Trump's 'no more ... Milwaukee Business Journal - Dec 16, 2016 Rexnord Corp. is finalizing its plans to close a manufacturing plant in Indianapolis and move jobs to Mexico, according to a notice filed with the state of Indiana.Rexnord signs severance deal with Indy workers - Milwaukee Journal SentinelIndiana Firm Rexnord Signals Move to Mexico Despite Trump Criticism - Wall Street Journal"
p6
aS'Stocks: The Rexnord Corporation  Given Average Recommendation of Buy by ... Petro Global News 24 - Mar 3, 2017 A number of research firms have commented on RXN. Barclays PLC upgraded shares of Rexnord Corporation from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $20.00 to $26.00 in a research report on&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'City tries to claw back $380675 from exiting Rexnord Corp. Indianapolis Business Journal - Nov 21, 2016 City tries to claw back $380,675 from exiting Rexnord Corp. Susan Orr. November 21, 2016. KEYWORDS City Government / Local Government / Factories / Taxes / Manufacturers / Government &amp; Economic Development / Government / Manufacturing&nbsp;...Mayor Hogsett: Rexnord owes Indianapolis $380K for tax breaks - Indianapolis Star'
p8
aS'Rexnord to close Indianapolis plant, move work to Mexico Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Nov 15, 2016 Indianapolis - Rexnord Corp. has confirmed that it will close its Indianapolis bearings plant and move work from the facility to a plant in Mexico.Rexnord moving Indiana jobs to Mexico, Texas - BizTimes.com '
p9
aS"Donald Trump Is Going After Another Company for Sending Jobs Overseas Fortune - Dec 5, 2016 After working with Indiana-based manufacturer Carrier Corp. to keep some jobs in the state instead of shipping them off to Mexico, President-elect Donald Trump now has his sights set on another company, Rexnord Corp. In a tweet sent late Friday, Trump&nbsp;...President-elect Trump says 'no more' to Rexnord's plans to move Indianapolis ... - Milwaukee Business JournalPence sidesteps Rexnord questions, says deals will be on 'day-by-day basis' - Indianapolis Star"
p10
a.