(lp0
S'Sandy Spring Bancorp Declares Quarterly Dividend GlobeNewswire  - Jan 26, 2017 OLNEY, Md., Jan. 26, 2017  -- Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., , the parent company of Sandy Spring Bank, announced that the board of directors declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.26 per share payable on&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Wall Street Consensus Update &amp; Stock Review on Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc ... Rockville Register - 22 hours ago Sell-side research analysts give opinions on future stock movement for Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. . These opinions are based on extensive research and deep knowledge of the company.'
p2
aS"Sandy Spring Bancorp  Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 BBNS - 13 hours ago Receive News &amp; Ratings for Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. and related companies with our FREE daily email&nbsp;...Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc.  Downgraded to &quot;Hold&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - Sports PerspectivesGSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $339000 in Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc.  - Community Financial News"
p3
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc Implied Price ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p4
aS'Sandy Spring Insurance Acquires The Advantage Group in Maryland Insurance Journal - Aug 4, 2016 Sandy Spring Insurance Corp., a subsidiary of Md. headquartered Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc., has acquired The Advantage Group Inc. Following the acquisition, The Advantage Group will continue to operate under its current name.'
p5
aS'Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 23 Equities.com - Mar 23, 2017 Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 23, as the stock gained 0.63% to close at $39.91. On the day, Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. saw 99,870 shares trade hands on 1,570 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Green Bancorp Inc  is Beating Sandy Spring Bancorp ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Green Bancorp Inc  versus Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc  .The Swiss National Bank Cuts Stake in Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.  - Petro Global News 24Brokers Issue New Targets On Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.  - Fiscal Standard'
p7
aS'Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc Risk Points versus Financials CML News - Jan 14, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc  compared to its own past and the Financials ETF.'
p8
aS'GSA Capital Partners LLP Acquires New Stake in Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc.  BBNS - Apr 17, 2017 Sandy Spring Bancorp logo GSA Capital Partners LLP purchased a new position in Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'
p9
aS'Photo Release -- Sandy Spring Bank Relocates Columbia Operations Center GlobeNewswire  - Feb 24, 2015 With $4.4 billion in assets, Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Sandy Spring Bank and its principal subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation and West Financial Services, Inc. Sandy Spring Bank traces its origin to 1868 ...'
p10
a.