(lp0
S'Former Trump aide Epshteyn joins Sinclair Broadcast Group as analyst MarketWatch - 15 hours ago Boris Epshteyn, a former White House communications aide, has joined Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. as an analyst after serving in the early days of the Trump administration.Sinclair Broadcast Group Deepens Its Trump Administration Ties With Boris ... - Media Matters for America Sinclair Announces the Addition of Boris Epshteyn - PR Newswire '
p1
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group, Silver Chalice and 120 Sports introduce new ... PR Newswire  - Apr 13, 2017 CHICAGO and BALTIMORE, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- This afternoon, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , Silver Chalice and 120 Sports announced plans to combine forces as equity partners on a new multi-platform sports network,&nbsp;...Sinclair Teams On Sports Service With Silver Chalice And 120 Sports - DeadlineSinclair to merge, rebrand its American Sports Network - Baltimore Business Journal'
p2
aS'Today Analysts Focus on Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. , Sinclair ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. , at its latest closing price of $38.85, it has a price-to-book ratio of 5.96, compared to an industry average at 2.42.Market Desk: Stock Update for Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  - Baldwin JournalAnalyst Target Review on Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  - Rockville Register'
p3
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group And Frontier Communications Reach Agreement PR Newswire  - Feb 9, 2017 SEATTLE and PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group   announced today that it has reached an agreement with Frontier Communications  for the carriage of Tennis&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Expected End Of Carriage By Frontier Cable PR Newswire  - Dec 20, 2016 SEATTLE and PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group  , the owner of KOMO-TV  and, KATU-TV  announced today that it&nbsp;...Frontier's TV customers in danger of losing Sinclair programming - MarketWatch"
p5
aS"Can Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc's  Financial Condition Cause Increased ... Simply Wall St - Apr 13, 2017 Small-caps and large-caps are wildly popular among investors; however, mid-cap stocks, such as Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc  with a market-capitalization of USD $4.02 Billion, rarely draw their attention and few analysts cover them. But as ...Technical Indicators Alerts: WageWorks, Inc. , Sinclair Broadcast Group ... - Post AnalystWhat's Acceptable Profitability For Athersys, Inc.  and Sinclair ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p6
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces &quot;Project Baltimore&quot; Initiative PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2017 BALTIMORE, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  , announces the launch of a special news unit to investigate the Baltimore-Area Public Education system.Just the Facts on Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  - StockNewsJournalMost Active Stock: Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p7
aS"Sinclair Broadcast Group  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Greetings and welcome to the Sinclair Broadcast Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. ... Such factors have been set forth in the company's most recent reports, as filed with the SEC, and included in our fourth quarter earnings release.Sinclair Broadcast Group profit soars in 4Q on political advertising - Baltimore Business JournalEx-Dividend Reminder: Group 1 Automotive, Sinclair Broadcast Group and ... - Nasdaq"
p8
aS'Sinclair Broadcast Group reportedly talking to Tribune Media about acquisition Baltimore Business Journal - Mar 1, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. shares were up more than 4 percent in trading Wednesday morning after a report said it approached Tribune Media Co.Exclusive: Sinclair approaches Tribune Media about possible deal - sources - ReutersReuters: Sinclair Broadcast approaching Tribune Media for deal talks - Seeking Alpha'
p9
aS"Sinclair Broadcast rolls out TBD network targeting millennials Baltimore Sun - Mar 8, 2017 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has begun to roll out a first-of-its kind, over-the-air TV network showing digital programming that's designed to appeal to millennials."
p10
a.