(lp0
S"Better Buy: Starbucks Corporation vs. Dunkin Donuts Motley Fool - Mar 30, 2017 For years, Starbucks  and Dunkin' Brands  largely went after different demographics. Dunkin' had a blue collar reputation selling simple coffee along with doughnuts, bagels, and breakfast sandwiches.Death Of Baristas? Starbucks Corporation Testing Mobile-Only Concept - StockNews.com Starbucks Corporation  to Open Dedicated Mobile Order, Pay Store ... - Market Exclusive"
p1
aS"Why Starbucks Corporation Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About Motley Fool - Apr 4, 2017 Starbucks has huge growth plans over the next five years, including adding 12,000 new stores globally, and using Schultz in a new role growing the company's premium business. In addition, the chain plans to open a store a day in China for roughly the ...Starbucks Online Mobile Store To Be Tested At Seattle HQ - Droid Report"
p2
aS"Starbucks Reserve Roastery: Untapped Market? Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 Howard Schultz has finally handed over his position as CEO to Kevin Johnson. This decision came after a few bad 'political' moves, and the so-called &quot;boycott Starbucks&quot; movement started. The latest annual shareholder meeting hosted by Schultz was quite&nbsp;...Starbucks Corporation closed with a change of -0.12% in the Previous Trading ... - Free ObserverStarbucks Announces Q2 FY17 Results Conference Call - Business Wire "
p3
aS'Starbucks: Takeaways From The 2017 Annual Meeting Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2017 The company hiked its dividend by an eye-popping 25% in November, which was the sixth consecutive year of annual dividend increases since the company initiated the payout in 2010. This means Starbucks is more than halfway to being a Dividend&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'I Like Starbucks For The Long Term Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2017 Almost every company that is exposed to the effects of declining foot traffic has seen its stock fall as a consequence of declining sales or at least slowing growth.Go Long Starbucks Corporation  Stock for Free! - Investorplace.comStarbucks Corporation  Delivers Clear Picture With Technicals - NY Stock News'
p5
aS"Starbucks Shareholders Better Know Their Time Horizon Seeking Alpha - Mar 23, 2017 Short-term Starbucks speculators are facing multiple risks that could lead to a market sell-off. The company's long-term prospects remain strong, but many investors may soon grow impatient over traffic declines.Starbucks Corporation  Hiring 240000 by 2021 - Investorplace.comStarbucks  Outlines Plans to Expand Workforce Globally - Zacks.com"
p6
aS'Starbucks Corporation  And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling Picture NY Stock News - 19 hours ago Starbucks Corporation  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p7
aS"Starbucks blames U.K. slowdown on Brexit Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 Starbucks  blames a good chunk of its fall in U.K. profit on Brexit and ongoing security concerns. The company reported a 1% gain in like-for-like sales for the 53-week period ending last October 2. Pre-tax profit was down 61% Y/Y.Brexit vote's bean bad for Starbucks: Coffee giant's UK sales, profits and ... - City A.M.Starbucks blames UK profits plunge on Brexit and slowing growth - The Guardian"
p8
aS"Starbucks: Is It About To Surge? Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 As delicious as its coffee is , Starbucks'  stock has been disappointing lately. As the graph below shows, since December 31 2015, SBUX lost investors ~4% whereas Dow Jones returned ~18%.Stocks under Analysts Coverage: Starbucks Corporation  - StandardOracleFeatured Stock to Focus: Starbucks Corporation  - HugoPress"
p9
aS'Starbucks: Shareholder Meeting Recap Seeking Alpha - Mar 26, 2017 Starbucks  recently had its 25th Annual Meeting of Shareholders on March 22. This shareholder meeting covered key topics of interest for Starbucks shareholders, and portrayed some of the future plans for the company. Starbucks stock went&nbsp;...Starbucks Corporation  Undertakes The Plan To Expand Workforce ... - Traders350Starbucks Corporation performed Very Well with a change of 0.21% in the Last Trade - Free Observer'
p10
a.