(lp0
S'Southern Copper Corp. Is Going Down Seeking Alpha - Aug 22, 2016 Southern Copper Corp.  explores, mines, smelts, and refines copper and other minerals in Peru, Mexico, Argentina, Chile and Ecuador.'
p1
aS"Why Southern Copper Corp Stock Rocketed 18% in January Motley Fool - Feb 7, 2017 Shares of Southern Copper Corp , one of the world's largest copper miners, advanced by just under 18.5% last month."
p2
aS'UPDATE 1-Southern Copper says Peru operations normal despite strike Reuters - Apr 10, 2017 LIMA, April 10 A Southern Copper Corp spokesman said operations in Peru were near normal as workers started an indefinite strike on Monday, although a union representative said 80 percent of capacity was affected.Union: Southern Copper strike curtailing operations by 80% - Business News Americas '
p3
aS"Southern Copper CEO hopes to prevent strike at Peru mines Reuters - Apr 4, 2017 SANTIAGO Southern Copper Corp hopes to dissuade workers at its Toquepala and Cuajone mines in Peru from striking this month, as a second labor union this year in the world's No.2 copper producer seeks a larger share of profits."
p4
aS"Southern Copper Corporation's  CEO Raul Jacob on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 3, 2017 Welcome to the Southern Copper Corporation Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Richard and I'll be your operator for today's call.Berenberg Bank Reaffirms Sell Rating for Southern Copper Corporation  - Sports PerspectivesSouthern Copper Corporation  Receives Sell Rating from Berenberg Bank - Community Financial News"
p5
aS'Southern Copper workers seeking profit share to avoid strike Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2017 Union leaders say Southern Copper  should share more of its profits with workers to avoid an indefinite strike at its Toquepala and Cuajone mines in Peru starting on April 10.Southern Copper Corp  Price Target Increased to $43.00 by Analysts at ... - The Cerbat GemSouthern Copper tries to avoid strikes at mines in Peru; stock is up 13 ... - Phoenix Business Journal'
p6
aS"Southern Copper Corporation  Short Interest Update Midway Monitor - 12 hours ago According to the latest stock data, investors are looking at Southern Copper Corporation 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p7
aS'Checking Indicator Levels for Southern Copper Corp  Midway Monitor - 20 hours ago One technical indicator that may assist in measuring the strength of market momentum is the Average Directional Index or ADX. At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Southern Copper Corp  is standing at 23.87. Many chart analysts believe that ...'
p8
aS"Hot Stock Assessment: Southern Copper Corp.  StandardOracle - Mar 30, 2017 Southern Copper Corp.  jumped 0.33 percent and ended the day at $36.15. The Average Volume of the company is 1.19 Million and P/E  ratio is 36.01, while Forward P/E ratio is 18.63.Southern Copper Corp  Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. - BNB Daily Analyst's Predictions on Southern Copper Corporation , M&amp;T Bank ... - StockNewsJournal"
p9
aS'Cowen and Company Reaffirms Hold Rating for Southern Copper Corp  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 14, 2017 Southern Copper Corp logo Cowen and Company restated their hold rating on shares of Southern Copper Corp  in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning.Southern Copper Corp  Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage ... - Markets DailyThe Southern Copper Corp  Shares Sold by Guggenheim Capital LLC - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.