(lp0
S'Scientific Learning Reports Year End 2015 Financial Results Business Wire  - Mar 3, 2016 OAKLAND, Calif.----Scientific Learning Corp. , a leading provider of technologies for accelerated learning, today announced financial results for the year ended December 31, 2015.'
p1
aS'Scientific Learning changes CEO and CFO, cuts jobs, maxes out credit line San Francisco Business Times - Jul 12, 2012 Scientific Learning Corp., striving to save money, changed its CEO and CFO, cut more of its employees, and drew down the remaining $4.9 million on a $5 million line of credit.'
p2
aS'Investor Focus on Shares of Scientific Learning Corporation  Geneva Journal - 11 hours ago Investors may be checking out multiple metrics for Scientific Learning Corporation . Currently, the company has an MF Rank  of 2593.'
p3
aS"Tutoring and Other Interventions Not Helping Your Struggling Reader ... Business Wire  - Jun 16, 2016 ... reading and learning programs, including tutoring, don't address the underlying delays that cause reading difficulties. To provide parents with a proven tool to address the root causes of their child's reading and learning problems, Scientific ..."
p4
aS'New Studies Show Children Improve Language and Reading Skills, and Brain ... Business Wire  - Aug 16, 2016 Twenty years later, the software program they developed - Fast ForWord from Scientific Learning Corp.  - continues to be vetted and proven to remediate the underlying difficulties that keep struggling readers from making progress.'
p5
aS"How to 'game your brain': the benefits of neuroplasticity Wired.co.uk - May 28, 2016 In 1996, Tallal and Merzenich, along with two other neuroscientists, founded the Scientific Learning Corporation, a company that produces Fast ForWord today."
p6
aS'Mike Merzenich Awarded Kavli Prize in Neuroscience GlobeNewswire  - Jun 2, 2016 In 1995, Dr. Merzenich took a sabbatical from UCSF to co-found Scientific Learning Corporation, a company that has helped millions of school children with language learning and reading, through computerized exercises based on principles of brain ...'
p7
aS'Orange County, FL, Austin Independent And San Diego Unified School Districts ... School Buyers Online - Mar 8, 2017 Salt Lake City, UT /PRNewswire/ - Canvas by Instructure , the open online learning management system  that makes teaching and learning easier, announced today that as the fastest growing LMS in K121 its platform continues to be&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'This summer, avoid the summer slide Toledo Blade - Apr 17, 2017 It goes by many names - brain drain, summer learning loss and summer slide. Regardless of the name, the loss of ... In a report released by the RAND Corporation, the average summer learning loss in math and reading for American students amounts to ...'
p9
aS"Merritt's life's work is to help others understand Florida Times-Union - Mar 9, 2017 Merritt has spoke at numerous national professional and home schooling conferences, and has been awarded three distinguished national service awards from the Scientific Learning Corporation. In 2008, she was awarded the Innovative Therapist Award for&nbsp;..."
p10
a.