(lp0
S'Shoe Carnival: Bias Is To The Downside Seeking Alpha - Sep 19, 2016 Shoe Carnival  has been on a tear of late, bucking the trend of poorly performing retail stocks that has dominated the sector in 2016.'
p1
aS'Shoe Carnival, Inc.  Lowered to &quot;Sell&quot; at Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - 2 hours ago Shoe Carnival, Inc.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday.Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms &quot;Hold&quot; Rating for Shoe Carnival, Inc.  - BBNSShoe Carnival, Inc.  Expected to Post FY2018 Earnings of $1.53 Per Share - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS"Shoe Carnival's Margins Have Me Worried Seeking Alpha - Jun 7, 2016 Shoe Carnival  is a rare retailer that has bucked the nasty downtrend we've seen of late from the group. The company's focus on an off-price model certainly helps and execution has been great."
p3
aS"A Huge Red Flag At Shoe Carnival Seeking Alpha - Jun 18, 2016 A couple of weeks ago I wrote a piece on retailer Shoe Carnival  wherein I said that the company's margins had me worried."
p4
aS"Shoe Carnival Planning Bigger Athletic Business SGB Media    - Mar 24, 2017 While fourth-quarter earnings were down sharply due to weak traffic early in the holiday selling season, Shoe Carnival Inc.Shoe Carnival's Revenues Edge Up Slightly, Profits Top Expectations - Footwear NewsShoe Carnival Inc.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 24 - Equities.com"
p5
aS"With An ROE Of 7.1%, Has Shoe Carnival Inc's  Management Done A Good Job? Simply Wall St - Apr 14, 2017 Shoe Carnival Inc  generated a 7.1% ROE in the last year, compared to its industry's 39.37% ROE. But the profitability ratio, often called 'the mother of all ratios', reflects a company's performance both on its income statement and ...Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Shoe Carnival (SCVL ... - The Cerbat GemIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Shoe Carnival, Inc ... - The De Soto Edge"
p6
aS"Shoe Carnival shares fall on results, outlook MarketWatch - Nov 28, 2016 Shoe Carnival Inc. SCVL, +2.46% on Monday reported quarterly results that missed expectations amid soft demand for seasonal items and cut its annual guidance.Shoe Carnival's  CEO Cliff Sifford on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS"No Party At Shoe Carnival - Sorry Mr. Market, You've Got This One Wrong Seeking Alpha - May 21, 2016 I was keeping an eye out for the financial results of some companies last night, and I was surprised to see Shoe Carnival's  share price falling by approximately 10% after-hours on what seemed to be some disappointing results. I wasn't ...Shoe Carnival, Inc. | $SCVL) Stock | Shares Tumble On Poor Earnings &amp; Revenue ... - TickerTV News Shoe Carnival Misses Q1 Forecasts, Maintains Outlook - Footwear News"
p8
aS'Trading Sheet: Watching the Levels for Shoe Carnival, Inc.  Searcy News - 14 hours ago Tracking shares of Shoe Carnival, Inc. , the company has a current EV  of 361327. Enterprise Value measures the total value of a specific company.'
p9
aS'Shoe Carnival Updates Full Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Guidance Business Wire  - Jan 9, 2017 EVANSVILLE, Ind.----Shoe Carnival, Inc. , a leading retailer of moderately priced footwear and accessories, today announced updated sales and earnings guidance for its fiscal 2016 ending January 28, 2017.'
p10
a.