(lp0
S"CTI Industries Corp.  Forms $6.06 Double Bottom, Stifel Financial (SF ... Key Gazette - 14 hours ago Stifel Financial Corp. is a financial holding company. The company has market cap of $3.11 billion. The Company's principal subsidiary is Stifel, Nicolaus &amp; Company, Incorporated, a retail and institutional wealth management and investment banking firm.TheStreet Lowers Stifel Financial Corp  to C+ - Chaffey BreezeParametrica Management Ltd Buys New Stake in Capital One Financial Corp.  - Normangee Star"
p1
aS'Stifel Financial Corp  Given New $59.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus The Cerbat Gem - Apr 11, 2017 Stifel Financial Corp logo Stifel Financial Corp  had its target price lifted by Stifel Nicolaus from $58.00 to $59.00 in a research report sent to investors on Monday morning.Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Stifel Financial Corp (SF ... - Sports PerspectivesThe Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Stifel Financial Corp (SF ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Stifel Financial Corp  Markets Daily - Apr 16, 2017 Stifel Financial Corp logo Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Stifel Financial Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission .TheStreet Downgrades Stifel Financial Corp  to C+ - BBNS'
p3
aS'Stifel Financial Corp  Receives $60.50 Average Price Target from Brokerages The Cerbat Gem - Apr 8, 2017 Stifel Financial Corp logo Shares of Stifel Financial Corp  have received a consensus rating of Hold from the eight brokerages that are presently covering the company.'
p4
aS"Stifel's Public Finance Group Ranks No. 1 in 2016 Municipal Negotiated Issues Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 LOUIS, MO-- - Stifel Financial Corp.  today announced that its Public Finance group led the nation in number of municipal negotiated issues in 2016, serving as sole or senior manager for 801 transactions with a total ..."
p5
aS'Trading Update on Shares of Stifel Financial Corp  Midway Monitor - 17 hours ago Shares of Stifel Financial Corp  currently have a 14-day ADX of 31.33. The ADX was developed by J. Welles Wilder to help determine trend strength.'
p6
aS'STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - Mar 21, 2017 Stifel Financial Corp. is a financial holding company. Its principal subsidiary is Stifel, Nicolaus &amp; Company, Incorporated, a retail and institutional wealth management and investment banking firm.Goldman Sachs Downgrades the shares of Stifel Financial Corp.  to Neutral - HugoPressStock Returns: KCG Holdings Inc  versus Stifel Financial Corp.  - CML News'
p7
aS"Paul Dell' Isola Joins Stifel as Senior Member of Investment Banking Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 LOUIS, MO-- - Stifel Financial Corp.  today announced that Paul Dell' Isola has joined Stifel as a senior member of the Investment Banking team."
p8
aS'Stifel Financial Corp  Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Normangee Star - Apr 15, 2017 Stifel Financial Corp  last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. Looking forward, the company is expected to report earnings of $0.15 per share for the current quarter.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: LPL Financial Holdings Inc  versus Stifel ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for LPL Financial Holdings Inc  versus Stifel Financial Corp.  .'
p10
a.