(lp0
S'Stocks: The Seattle Genetics, Inc.  Given a $80.00 Price Target at RBC ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 19, 2017 Maxim Group reissued a reduce rating on shares of Seattle Genetics in a research note on Thursday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  raised Seattle Genetics from a sell rating to a neutral rating and lifted their price target for the company ...'
p1
aS'Why Seattle Genetics, Inc. Got Clobbered Today Motley Fool - Dec 27, 2016 Seattle Genetics  is down 15% at 11:57 a.m. EST after announcing the Food and Drug Administration has put a clinical hold on multiple early stage clinical trials testing its cancer drug vadastuximab talirine, which used to go by its code ...Seattle Genetics Plunges After Drug Studies Halted on Deaths - BloombergSeattle Genetics Cancer-Drug Trials on Hold After Four Patient Deaths - Wall Street Journal'
p2
aS"Immunomedics in $2 bln licensing deal with Seattle Genetics Reuters - Feb 10, 2017 Drug developer Immunomedics Inc said on Friday it entered into a development and licensing deal worth up to $2 billion for its experimental cancer drug with Seattle Genetics Inc. Immunomedics' shares rose as much as 33 percent to a more than 3-year ...Seattle Genetics  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking AlphaSeattle Genetics Announces Global License Agreement with Immunomedics for ... - Business Wire "
p3
aS"Judge puts Seattle Genetics' $2 billion deal with Immunomedics on hold Puget Sound Business Journal  - Mar 9, 2017 17, Immunomedics sued shareholder VenBio for attempting to take over Immunomedics' board and kill the licensing deal with Seattle Genetics. VenBio had a 9.9 percent stake in Immunomedics at the the time of the lawsuit. VenBio says the Seattle Genetics&nbsp;...Judge Blocks $2B Immunomedics-Seattle Genetics Deal  - InvestopediaImmunomedics Soars on Injunction Against Seattle Genetics Deal - TheStreet.com"
p4
aS"Will Seattle Genetics' Deal With Immunomedics Get Scuttled? Motley Fool - Feb 12, 2017 Last week, Seattle Genetics  announced an agreement to license Immunomedics'  IMMU-132, a cancer drug that's already completed midstage phase 2 trials.Seattle Genetics signs $2B licensing deal with Immunomedics for cancer drug - Puget Sound Business Journal  Funding Problems Encompass Seattle Genetics/Immunomedics Deal - Seeking Alpha"
p5
aS'Bear of the Day: Seattle Genetics  Zacks.com - Feb 24, 2017 SGEN, a Zacks Ranked #5 , is a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative antibody-based therapies for the treatment of cancer.'
p6
aS"Seattle Genetics CEO Angles For Hodgkin's Lymphoma Eureka: Exclusive Investor's Business Daily - Dec 29, 2016 At least one analyst reiterated a buy rating, pointing out that the company's Hodgkin's program is more important and could see big advances in 2017."
p7
aS"5 Years After Adcetris Approval, Seattle Genetics, Inc. Still Focused on Pipeline Motley Fool - Oct 31, 2016 Seattle Genetics  reported third-quarter earnings on Thursday, but while the biotech's lead drug has been on the market for half a decade, it still remains largely a pipeline story."
p8
aS"Seattle Genetics Presents Data Advancing Antibody-Drug Conjugate and Novel ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 Seattle Genetics, Inc. , a global biotechnology company, today highlighted multiple data presentations that support the company's advancing antibody-drug conjugate  and immuno-oncology programs at the upcoming 108th Annual Meeting of&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"BRIEF-FDA lifts hold on Seattle Genetics' phase 1 trials of vadastuximab talirine Reuters - Mar 6, 2017 JOHANNESBURG, March 25 South African Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan embarks on a week-long non-deal investor roadshow in Britain and the United States on Monday as weak economic growth and ruling party tensions put the country's investment&nbsp;..."
p10
a.