(lp0
S'Scientific Games Corp  Receives $15.20 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Community Financial News - Mar 12, 2017 Scientific Games Corp logo Shares of Scientific Games Corp  have been assigned a consensus recommendation of Hold from the eight research firms that are presently covering the firm.'
p1
aS'Scientific Games Acquires Bingo Showdown Creator Spicerack Media PR Newswire  - Apr 11, 2017 LAS VEGAS, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Scientific Games Corporation   today announced it completed the acquisition of privately held mobile and social game company Spicerack Media, Inc.Scientific Games  to Acquire Spicerack Media, Creator of Bingo Showdown - StreetInsider.comHot Financial Stocks: Scientific Games Corp , Loews Corporation ... - Investors News'
p2
aS'Scientific Games Corp  Given Consensus Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; by ... The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Scientific Games Corp logo Scientific Games Corp  has received a consensus rating of Hold from the eight analysts that are presently covering the firm.Guggenheim Capital LLC Invests $1.072 Million in Scientific Games Corp  - Sports PerspectivesZacks: Brokerages Anticipate Scientific Games Corp  Will Post Earnings ... - BBNS'
p3
aS"Scientific Games completes acquisition of Spicerack Media Gambling Insider - In-depth Analysis for the Gaming Industry - Apr 13, 2017 In September, Scientific Games had designated the company's wholly-owned interactive social gaming subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries under its debt agreements.Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Scientific Games Corp (SGMS ... - Markets Daily75 hedge funds sold their entire positions in Scientific Games Corporation ... - Post Analyst"
p4
aS'Scientific Games Corporation sets promotion record in Pennsylvania World Casino Directory - Apr 4, 2017 Global casino equipment and lottery services innovator Scientific Games Corporation has announced that a campaign it created last year for the Pennsylvania Lottery set a new industry record for the most entries into any promotion offered by a lottery ...'
p5
aS'Scientific Games  Up 10.1% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Scientific Games Corp. SGMS. Shares have added about 10.1% in that time frame, outperforming the market.USA Financial Portformulas Corp Invests $242000 in Scientific Games Corp  - The Cerbat GemTechnical analysis perspective: Maxwell Technologies, Inc. , Scientific ... - Post Analyst'
p6
aS"Arizona Lottery extends instant games contract with Scientific Games Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Scientific Games  announced that the Arizona Lottery has extended its instant games contract for an additional year.Scientific Games Brings World's Best Gaming Experiences to Indian Gaming ... - PR Newswire Contract Between Arizona Lottery And Scientific Games Corp  Extended - Market Exclusive"
p7
aS"Scientific Games acquires social game developer Spicerack GGRAsia - Apr 12, 2017 Casino equipment maker and lottery services provider Scientific Games Corp has strengthened its social casino offering with the acquisition of Spicerack Media Ltd, developer of the Bingo Showdown game.Casino firm Scientific Games acquires social bingo developer Spicerack - Pocket Gamer.BizScientific Games boosts social portfolio by acquiring 'Bingo Showdown ... - SBC News"
p8
aS'Scientific Games Corp  Breaks into New 52-Week High on April 03 Session Equities.com - Apr 3, 2017 Shares of Scientific Games Corp  broke into a new 52-week high yesterday, hitting a peak of $24.15. Shares closed at $23.30 after opening at $23.75 for a move of -1.48%.'
p9
aS'15.8 Million Entries! Pennsylvania Lottery Promotion Created by Scientific ... PR Newswire  - Apr 3, 2017 LAS VEGAS and ATLANTA, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Scientific Games Corporation   today announced that a promotion created by Scientific Games for the Pennsylvania Lottery has set an industry&nbsp;...'
p10
a.