(lp0
S'Synergy Pharmaceuticals Appoints Gary G. Gemignani as Chief Financial Officer Business Wire  - 22 hours ago NEW YORK----Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  today announced that Gary G. Gemignani has been appointed as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective April 17, 2017.Stock in Experts Views: Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  - StandardOracleSynergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Posted gains of 1.11% in the Last Trade - Free Observer'
p1
aS'Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... Market Exclusive - 14 hours ago ... Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On April 17, 2017, Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  appointed Gary Gemignani as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.'
p2
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Purcell Julie &amp; Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating Synergy ... PR Newswire  - Mar 30, 2017 NEW YORK, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Purcell Julie &amp; Lefkowitz LLP, a class action law firm dedicated to representing shareholders nationwide, is investigating a potential breach of fiduciary duty claim involving the board of directors of Synergy&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'This Is What The Chart For Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - 21 hours ago The technicals for Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p4
aS"Rodman &amp; Renshaw's Ram Selvaraju Confident on Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 29, 2017 Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc  shares are rising almost 3% today after the biotech firm made waves filing the supplemental New Drug Application  for Trulance , the firm's just-approved lead candidate for the treatment of&nbsp;...Traders Secrets on Oclaro, Inc. , Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  - StockNewsJournal3 Questions Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc  Stock Owners Need Answered - BNL Finance   "
p5
aS'How Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  And Its Technical Chart Is Making ... NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p6
aS'Synergy: Why The Downgrade? Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 The commercialization process Synergy has identified is admirable, but the question remains whether the company has the capabilities to fully commercialize its products.'
p7
aS'Synergy Pharmaceuticals Announces Issuance of Three New Patents Expected to ... Business Wire  - Apr 12, 2017 NEW YORK----Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  today announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office  has issued three new patents covering TRULANCE .Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. performed Very Well with a change of 2.04% in ... - Free Observer'
p8
aS'Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Is Trying To Tell Investors Something ... NY Stock News - Apr 6, 2017 The technicals for Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p9
aS'Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Has Revealed It All In Its Chart NY Stock News - Apr 3, 2017 The technicals for Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p10
a.