(lp0
S'New Sears Hometown Store Opens in Erie GlobeNewswire  - Apr 13, 2017 Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc.  is a national retailer primarily focused on selling home appliances, lawn and garden equipment, tools and hardware.Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc.  Plunges 6.76% on April 13 - Equities.com'
p1
aS'Milpitas Sears Outlet Store Hosts Grand Reopening Celebration GlobeNewswire  - Mar 10, 2017 MILPITAS, Calif., March 10, 2017  -- Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc.  announces the grand reopening of the Sears Outlet Store in the Great Mall Shopping Center at 870 Great Mall Drive in Milpitas, California.Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores, Inc. Reports Preliminary Fourth Quarter And ... - PR Newswire BRIEF-Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores Q4 loss per share $2.02 - Reuters'
p2
aS"Farmers Branch Sears Outlet Store Relocates to Dallas GlobeNewswire  - Mar 13, 2017 DALLAS, March 13, 2017  -- Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc.  announces that the Sears Outlet Store located in Farmers Branch, Texas has recently moved to a new location at 14060 Dallas Parkway in Dallas.Noteworthy movements of Stock: Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc.'s (SHOS ... - Street Updates"
p3
aS"Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Jun 3, 2016 The decrease in Hometown was primarily due to store closures. Outlet's increase was primarily driven by improved strategic opportunity buys in home appliances, which was partially offset by reduced apparel and mattress receipts from Sears Holdings."
p4
aS'Sears Hometown And Outlet Stores Is A Value Trap Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2016 Sears Hometown and Outlet  is currently selling for less than its liquidation value- it has been for a couple years now.'
p5
aS"Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2016 Results PR Newswire  - Sep 2, 2016 The decrease in Hometown was primarily due to store closures. Outlet's increase was primarily driven by growth in sourcing relationships for out-of- box appliances from sources other than Sears Holdings, which was partially offset by reduced apparel ...Sears Hometown and Outlet Store revenue down 10% - MarketWatchOnline shopping takes a toll on Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores sales - USA TODAY"
p6
aS'Checking the Levels on Shares of Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc ... Benton Bulletin - 19 hours ago Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc.  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 4. The goal of the F-Score is to help locate companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p7
aS'SEARS HOMETOWN AND OUTLET STORES, INC.  Files An 8-K Departure of ... Market Exclusive - Apr 12, 2017 The Company operates through two segments: Sears Hometown and Hardware segment  and Sears Outlet segment . Its Hometown stores are designed to provide its customers with in-store and online access to selection of national&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'What Makes Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc  A Financially Strong ... Simply Wall St - Mar 30, 2017 Small-cap companies such as Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc  with its market cap of USD $88 Million, have high growth potential but financial strength is the deciding factor in their long-term survival.Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc.  Plunges 5.13% on March 30 - Equities.com'
p9
aS"Is Sears Hometown Worth More Dead Than Alive? Seeking Alpha - Nov 3, 2016 Due to recent declines in operating performance, most investors wouldn't touch Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc. with a 10-foot pole. The stock has lost nearly half its value during the past year and is now selling below its net current asset value."
p10
a.