(lp0
S'Signet Jewelers plans to cut stores, invest in digital after fourth-quarter ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 9, 2017 Signet Jewelers Ltd , owner of the Kay Jewelers, Zales and Jared chains said it plans to close underperforming stores and invest in its digital platforms as its fourth-quarter results showed a drop in sales.Citi Says Remain Cautious On Signet Jewelers Heading Into Earnings - BenzingaWhy Signet Jewelers Ltd. is going gangbusters today - FX Daily Report'
p1
aS"Signet Jewelers Slams Sexual Harassment Story Fortune - Feb 28, 2017 Signet Jewelers  shares remained down 12% on Tuesday even after the struggling jeweler issued a statement saying that a devastating Washington Post story alleging years of systemic, mass sexual harassment &quot;create a distorted, negative&nbsp;...This jewelry brand's stock plummets after sexual harassment allegations surface - CNBCWhy Shares of Signet Jewelers Ltd. Plunged 13% Today - Motley Fool"
p2
aS'Signet Jewelers May Have Just Lost A Major, Long-Time Shareholder Benzinga - Jan 12, 2017 Corvex Management has sold its 3.459 million shares of Signet Jewelers Ltd. , according to a source familiar with the matter.Signet Jewelers warns on profit as sales slump - MarketWatch'
p3
aS'Signet Jewelers Ltd. Rebounds on Earnings, but Major Scandal Remains Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2017 In this segment from Market Foolery, Chris Hill and Bill Barker cover the latest developments at Signet Jewelers .'
p4
aS'Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP Announces Filing of Securities Class Action ... PR Newswire  - Apr 12, 2017 NEW YORK, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP , a national shareholder and consumer rights litigation firm, announces that a securities class action lawsuit has been filed against Signet Jewelers, Ltd ...Signet Jewelers Expands Non-Merchandise Fulfillment Center - IDEX OnlineEQUITY ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Signet Jewelers Investors of a ... - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS"Signet Jewelers Releases Corporate Social Responsibility Report Detailing ... Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago HAMILTON, Bermuda, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Signet Jewelers Limited  , the world's largest retailer of diamond jewelry, today released a Corporate Social Responsibility  Report that benchmarks the Company's industry-leading&nbsp;...Inside the Numbers for Signet Jewelers Limited  - Baldwin JournalStock Watch Near-Term: Signet Jewelers Limited  - Rockville Register"
p6
aS'Signet Jewelers Limited  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for January 25, 2017 Nasdaq - Jan 24, 2017 Signet Jewelers Limited  will begin trading ex-dividend on January 25, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.26 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 28, 2017.Signet Jewelers May Sell Credit Business; Can This Help Regain Its Shine? - Benzinga'
p7
aS'Signet Jewelers: Go For Growth Seeking Alpha - Mar 30, 2017 Shares of Signet Jewelers Ltd.  are down about 41% over the past 12 months. This performance has put the stock on my radar, and I recommend buying shares at the moment in spite of the ongoing negative press associated with the name at the&nbsp;...Signet Jewelers sued for not disclosing harassment allegations - Reuters UKRobbins Geller Rudman &amp; Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit Against Signet ... - Yahoo Finance'
p8
aS"Signet Jewelers Announces Strategic Partnership with Leonard Green &amp; Partners Business Wire  - Aug 25, 2016 HAMILTON, Bermuda----Signet Jewelers Limited , the world's largest retailer of diamond jewelry, announced today that affiliates of Leonard Green &amp; Partners, L.P.Citi 'Cautious' On Signet Following Timing Of $625 Million Fundraising - BenzingaSignet Jewelers to test tech that confirms gem authenticity after fraud ... - MarketWatch"
p9
aS'INVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Signet Jewelers ... Business Wire  - Apr 11, 2017 LOS ANGELES----Goldberg Law PC, a national shareholder rights litigation firm, announces that it is investigating claims on behalf of investors of Signet Jewelers Limited  . If you purchased or&nbsp;...'
p10
a.