(lp0
S'SIGA Technologies Inc  Is Poised For Recovery Insider Financial - Oct 13, 2016 A few months ago, we highlighted SIGA Technologies, Inc.  as a company to keep an eye on throughout the second half of 2016.'
p1
aS'SIGA Technologies: Uncovering Hidden Value In Bankruptcy Seeking Alpha  - Feb 11, 2015 SIGA Technologies  is a company that specializes in the development and commercialization of solutions for serious unmet medical needs and biothreats.'
p2
aS"Which Way Will SIGA Technologies, Inc.  Go? Insider Financial - Jul 12, 2016 SIGA Technologies, Inc.  is one of the most two sided micro cap biotechs in the market. On one side, it's filing for bankruptcy, an unsuccessful defendant in an ongoing contract breach case and liable for hundreds of millions of dollars ..."
p3
aS'Siga Technologies Files for Bankruptcy Protection Wall Street Journal - Sep 16, 2014 Siga Technologies Inc. filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday to safeguard its rights to appeal a costly loss in a lawsuit over Tecovirimat, a smallpox drug it has pledged to deliver to the national stockpile.Smallpox Drug Maker Files Bankruptcy to Fight Court Loss - Bloomberg'
p4
aS'SIGA Technologies, Inc. v. Pharmathene, Inc.: Delaware Supreme Court finds ... Lexology  - Jun 11, 2013 On May 24, 2013, the Delaware Supreme Court issued an opinion in SIGA Technologies, Inc., v. PharmAthene, Inc.,1 reaffirming the rule that an obligation to negotiate in good faith according to a term sheet that stated it was non-binding can be ...'
p5
aS'Lessons From SIGA Technologies V. PharmAthene Law360  - Oct 8, 2013 A recent opinion from the Delaware Supreme Court - SIGA Technologies Inc. v. PharmAthene Inc.[1] - has clarified certain issues related to obligations to negotiate in good faith in preliminary agreements.'
p6
aS"Bankrupt Siga Blasts Creditors' Investigation Bid Law360  - May 9, 2015 Law360, Wilmington  -- Bankrupt Siga Technologies Inc. on Friday blasted its creditors committee's bid to launch an investigation into alleged wrongdoing by the embattled defense contractor's brass, calling it a leverage ploy ..."
p7
aS"SIGA Technologies, Inc.  Penny Stock on the Radar The Oracle Dispatch - Oct 11, 2016 SIGA Technologies, Inc.  had been ripping higher in recent weeks and months, but got smacked down hard on Monday on news that the Company was doing a rights' offering this week."
p8
aS"$195 million awarded for failure to negotiate in good faith; PharmAthene, Inc ... Lexology  - Feb 10, 2015 In 2011, I wrote about the PharmAthene, Inc. v. SIGA Technologies, Inc. case, in which the Delaware Chancery Court found that SIGA Technology Inc. failed to negotiate in good faith with PharmAthene, Inc. for the grant of a license to SIGA's smallpox ..."
p9
aS'SIGA Technologies  Says Bankruptcy Court Approves Transaction to Pay ... StreetInsider.com - Sep 21, 2016 SIGA Technologies, Inc.  ,SIGA Technologies, Inc., a company specializing in the commercialization of solutions for serious unmet medical needs and biothreats, announced today that the United States Bankruptcy Court for the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.