(lp0
S'Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 17 Equities.com - 12 hours ago Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 17, as the stock gained 0.92% to close at $32.90.Hot Stock Update: Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc.  - HugoPressTanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc.  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment ... - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS"Tanger Factory Outlet CEO scolds retailers: 'Amazon is a convenient scapegoat' CNBC - Apr 6, 2017 Retail stores that provide value and great merchandise should succeed despite the threat from online shopping, said Steven Tanger, chief executive of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers. &quot;We've been having this conversation for 20 years. You may recall ...Tanger Increases Dividend 5.4% - PR Newswire Tanger Factory Outlet raises dividend by 5.4% - MarketWatch"
p2
aS'Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. 2016 Tax Reporting Information ... PR Newswire  - Jan 20, 2017 GREENSBORO, N.C., Jan. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  announced today that its 2016 dividend distributions should be treated as follows for income tax purposes.'
p3
aS'Mystery REIT Shopper: Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 I decided that one way that I could use the undercover agent practice was to become an undercover REIT analyst. Tanger is the go to outlet landlord that has built an enviable low cost advantage. Tanger deserves a premium multiple and this simply&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Tanger Factory Outlet Centers: A Bargain REIT For DGI Investors? Seeking Alpha - Feb 20, 2017 CEO Steve Tanger has been widely quoted, &quot;In good times, people love a bargain, in bad times folks need a bargain.&quot; Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, which has a BBB+ balance sheet, is one of the few REITs which is a true S&amp;P High Yield Dividend Aristocrat.'
p5
aS"Lookout for Price Target? Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. , FS ... StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 8.41 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Buy Tanger Factory Outlet Centers While It's in the Bargain Bin TheStreet.com - Mar 29, 2017 As a value investor, few things are more exciting than seeing a high-quality company you've been following for years finally drop into the bargain bin.Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc.  Given Average Recommendation of Hold ... - The Cerbat GemThe Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc.  Lifted to Hold at Zacks ... - Petro Global News 24"
p7
aS"BRIEF-Tanger Factory Outlet Centers CEO Steven Tanger's 2016 compensation $7.3 ... Reuters - Apr 5, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'My 4% Dividend Yield Portfolio: Added Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 I find it a great time to add to my REITs holdings and therefore added Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. .'
p9
aS'Tanger Outlet Centers Celebrates Ground Breaking in Fort Worth PR Newswire  - Oct 6, 2016 FORT WORTH, Texas, Oct. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  closed the transaction to purchase the development site for Tanger Outlets in Fort Worth and today celebrated the official Ground Breaking of its new outlet&nbsp;...Tanger Outlets expects to open Fort Worth shopping center in late 2017 nearly ... - Fort Worth Star TelegramTanger Outlets To Break Ground In Fort Worth Thursday; Audio Excerpt - CBS Local'
p10
a.