(lp0
S'Revenue and Profits Slump at Skullcandy Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 3, 2016 ... was forced to slash back in January. Sales slumped and profits declined substantially, with a weak market for headphones in the U.S.'
p1
aS"Skullcandy Nixes Incipio Offer Orange County Business Journal - Aug 1, 2016 Irvine-based Incipio LLC's bid for Skullcandy Inc. was rejected by the audio equipment manufacturer's board of directors, in favor of a superior proposal."
p2
aS'Go-Shop And Bidding War In Skullcandy, Inc.: We Already Have 2 Bidders Seeking Alpha - Jul 7, 2016 In this context, I will analyze the merger of Skullcandy, Inc.  . This company recently signed an agreement with a private strategic buyer called Incipio and received another offer from Mill Road Capital Management LLC, a financial ...'
p3
aS"Open Letter To Shareholders Of Skullcandy, Inc. Seeking Alpha - Jul 18, 2016 Skullcandy's Board has advised shareholders to tender their shares at $5.75 per share to Incipio despite a superior offer of $6.05 from Mill Road."
p4
aS'Skullcandy Board of Directors Determines Revised Proposal from Mill Road ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 18, 2016 PARK CITY, Utah, Aug. 18, 2016  -- Skullcandy, Inc. , which creates world-class audio experiences through its Skullcandy and Astro Gaming brands, announced that, on August 17, 2016, Skullcandy received a written&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Utah company Skullcandy Inc. goes public Deseret News - Jul 20, 2011 PARK CITY - The Utah company that has the Generation Y set grooving to the beat as they bound down the slopes, hit the skate park, ride their bikes or just get around town has taken its sweet sounds to Wall Street.'
p6
aS"Incipio Group to Acquire Skullcandy; Create Leading Technology, Creative ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 24, 2016 Hoby Darling, Skullcandy, Inc. President and CEO commented, We are excited to be joining forces with Incipio Group as we believe it's in the best interests of Skullcandy and our shareholders.Skullcandy Gets Buyout Offer From Private-Equity Firm - Wall Street JournalIncipio Bids $177M for Skullcandy - Orange County Business Journal"
p7
aS'Why Shares of Skullcandy Inc. Crashed Today Motley Fool - May 6, 2015 What: Shares of Skullcandy  tumbled on Wednesday after the company provided weak earnings guidance after reporting decent first-quarter earnings.Skullcandy Inc  CEO Hoby Darling on Q1 2015 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha'
p8
aS'Skullcandy Enters into New Merger Agreement with Mill Road Capital; Terminates ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 24, 2016 PARK CITY, Utah and SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Aug. 24, 2016  -- Skullcandy, Inc. , which creates world-class audio experiences through its Skullcandy and Astro Gaming brands, today announced the&nbsp;...Incipio Ends Skullcandy Pursuit - Orange County Business JournalSkullcandy to Be Bought by Mill Road as Incipio Walks Away - Wall Street Journal'
p9
aS'Skullcandy Partners with Rock My World, Inc. to Build on Human Potential Labs ... GlobeNewswire  - Aug 18, 2016 PARK CITY, Utah, Aug. 18, 2016  -- Skullcandy, Inc. , the original performance and lifestyle audio brand founded at the intersection of music, sports, technology, and creative culture, is excited to announce their&nbsp;...'
p10
a.