(lp0
S'The Zacks Investment Research Lowers Skechers USA, Inc.  to Sell Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 According to Zacks, Skechers has underperformed the broader sector in the past one year. Back-to-back earnings and revenues miss have been a major concern for investors.'
p1
aS"Market: The Clinton Group Inc. Raises Position in Skechers USA, Inc.  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 28, 2017 Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of Skechers U.S.A. by 1.7% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 19,935,612 shares of the company's stock worth $592,486 ..."
p2
aS'SKECHERS USA, Inc. to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on Thursday ... Business Wire  - Apr 13, 2017 MANHATTAN BEACH, Calif.----SKECHERS USA, Inc. , a global leader in lifestyle and performance footwear, today announced that it will release its first quarter 2017 financial results after market close on Thursday, April 20,&nbsp;...Skechers USA Inc  Receives Consensus Recommendation of &quot;Hold&quot; from Analysts - BNB Daily '
p3
aS'Factors That Set the Tone for Skechers  Q1 Earnings Yahoo Finance - 19 hours ago Skechers U.S.A., Inc. SKX is slated to release first-quarter 2017 results on Apr 20, 2017. In the trailing four quarters, it had underperformed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by an average of 14.8%.'
p4
aS'Skechers USA Inc  Rating Reiterated by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc The Cerbat Gem - 3 hours ago Skechers USA Inc logo Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed their negative rating on shares of Skechers USA Inc  in a research note released on Wednesday.Skechers USA Inc  Price Target Cut to $25.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc - BBNS'
p5
aS"Why Dave &amp; Buster's Entertainment, Skechers USA Inc., and F5 Networks Slumped ... Motley Fool - Mar 29, 2017 But several individual stocks were left behind as those broader market indexes climbed, including Dave &amp; Buster's Entertainment , Skechers USA Inc. , and F5 Networks . Read on to see what caused these stocks&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Skechers USA Inc: Slips on Susquehanna downgrade Times of India - Mar 29, 2017 ... ** Sports footwear maker's shares fall as much as 7.7 pct to $27.67 in early trade; biggest intraday pct drop in 5 mths. ** Brokerage Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP downgrades rating on stock to &quot;negative&quot; from &quot;positive&quot;; cuts PT to $25 from $30.Where Skechers Goes From Here - Seeking AlphaWhy Skechers USA Inc , Paychex, Inc.  and Dave &amp; Buster's ... - Investorplace.com"
p7
aS'Skechers: Never Say Buy Seeking Alpha - Apr 3, 2017 Multiple articles appeared on Seeking Alpha screaming buy, and the stock just kept going down. Applying the old simple notion of margin of safety could have yielded me better investment results.Skechers USA Inc  Downgraded by Standpoint Research - The Cerbat GemToday Analysts Focus on Skechers USA, Inc. , Rice Energy Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p8
aS'Skechers USA Inc: Jogs higher on Cowen upgrade Times of India - Mar 24, 2017 SKX is shifting to an international wholesale-driven model without company-owned stores, intl. wholesale generates higher gross margin than U.S.Skechers USA Inc : What You Must Know About Financial Health Of This Low ... - Simply Wall StFeatured Stock: Skechers USA, Inc.  - HugoPress'
p9
aS'Company Outlook on Skechers U.S.A., Inc.  : Analyst Consensus in Focus The Herald - 8 hours ago Tracking analyst opinions on a company they cover may help investors gather important information. Out of the 7 covering analysts providing stock ratings for Skechers U.S.A., Inc. , 5 have shares rated a Strong Buy while 0 analysts have the ...'
p10
a.