(lp0
S'U.S. Silica  Raised to Strong Buy on Upbeat Prospects Nasdaq - 22 hours ago On Apr 15, Zacks Investment Research upgraded U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc.SLCA , a leading producer of commercial silica, to a Zacks Rank #1 .5 Stocks to Buy with Solid Earnings Acceleration - Zacks.com5 Top-Ranked Stocks Likely to Beat on Earnings - Yahoo Finance'
p1
aS'US Silica Holdings Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for SLCA Nasdaq - Apr 13, 2017 In trading on Thursday, shares of US Silica Holdings, Inc.  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $47.07, changing hands as low as $45.88 per share.U.S. Silica Holdings Inc.  Plunges 5.94% on April 13 - Equities.comDecision Time: US Silica Holdings Inc  Stock Technicals Hit ... - CML News'
p2
aS'Is US Silica Holdings Inc  cheap for a reason? A look at the intrinsic value Simply Wall St - Apr 12, 2017 In this article I am going to calculate the intrinsic value of U.S. Silica Holdings  by estimating the Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value.'
p3
aS'US Silica Acquires New Industrial Roofing Capability PR Newswire  - Apr 4, 2017 FREDERICK, Md., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc.  announced today that it has acquired a division of National Coatings Corp.'
p4
aS"Is It Time to go for TETRA Technologies, Inc. , U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 20 hours ago U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc. , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -2.75, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Best known Analyst's Ratings: U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc.'s  - Is storiesU.S. Silica Holdings Inc  Stake Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC - Sports Perspectives"
p5
aS"The Technicals For U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc.  Have Been Dissected ... NY Stock News - 17 hours ago U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p6
aS"US Silica  Buys Unit of National Coatings Corp. Zacks.com - Apr 6, 2017 U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc.  , a leading producer of commercial silica, has purchased a unit of National Coatings Corp.Notable Stock within Investor Radar: US Silica Holdings, Inc.'s  - Is stories"
p7
aS'US Silica : Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions Yahoo Finance - Apr 10, 2017 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc. SLCA. This is because this security in the Mining - Miscellaneous space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from ...'
p8
aS'U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc. : Some of the key technical areas USA Commerce Daily - 20 hours ago With all other things going on, U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -19.09 percent in just three months.'
p9
aS'Stock Volatility Risk Alert: U.S. Silica Holdings Inc Realized Volatility Hits ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that U.S. Silica Holdings Inc  has seen its stock price whip around at an unsually high level.'
p10
a.