(lp0
S'Simulations Plus Reports Second Quarter FY2017 Financial Results Business Wire  - Apr 10, 2017 LANCASTER, Calif.----Simulations Plus, Inc. , the premier provider of simulation and modeling software and consulting services for all phases of pharmaceutical discovery and development from the earliest discovery through&nbsp;...Simulations Plus, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive'
p1
aS'Simulations Plus Releases GastroPlus Version 9.5 Yahoo Finance - Apr 5, 2017 Simulations Plus, Inc. , a leading provider of modeling &amp; simulation solutions for the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and chemicals industries, today announced that it has released version 9.5 of its flagship PBPK modeling program, GastroPlus.Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call - Business Wire '
p2
aS'Simulations Plus Finalizes Distributor Agreement With Korean Company Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 Simulations Plus, Inc. , a leading provider of modeling &amp; simulation solutions for the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and chemicals industries, today announced that it has entered into a distributor agreement in South Korea with Quantum Bio ...'
p3
aS'Viewing the Metrics on Shares of Simulations Plus, Inc.  Baxter Review - 12 hours ago Investors may be focusing on Return on Invested Capital  information for Simulations Plus, Inc. . ROIC is a metric that can be used to assess the efficiency of a particular company at allocating controlled capital into investments ...'
p4
aS'Simulations Plus Inc. SLP  Wall Street Journal - Feb 11, 2011 News Simulations Plus Inc.SLP. Significant News Only. 04/10/17; Press Release. Simulations Plus Reports Second Quarter FY2017 Financial Results.'
p5
aS'Shorting Simulations Plus Is Silly Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2016 Simulations Plus  is my favorite buy-it-and-close-your-eyes-for-a-decade company, as I explained last week.'
p6
aS'Simulations Plus: Riding A 20% Plus Growth Industry Seeking Alpha  - Nov 4, 2014 The company operates in a drug simulation industry that is expected to grow more than 20% a year from now till 2020.'
p7
aS'Simulations Plus Reports Record Preliminary Revenues for Second Quarter FY2017 Business Wire  - Mar 13, 2017 LANCASTER, Calif.----Simulations Plus, Inc. , a leading provider of consulting services and software for pharmaceutical discovery and development, today released preliminary revenues for the second quarter of its fiscal&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Simulations Plus, Inc. Passes Its Checkup Seeking Alpha  - Jan 29, 2015 Simulations Plus  is a major software provider for pharmaceutical research and development. The company's software predictions reduce client's research and development costs and lead to faster conclusions. Revenues were up 54% over&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Simulations Plus Signs Korean Deal San Fernando Valley Business Journal - Apr 6, 2017 Drug modeling software provider Simulations Plus Inc. on Thursday announced it has signed a distribution agreement with Korean drug developer Quantum Bio Solutions.'
p10
a.