(lp0
S"Market: The Sanchez Energy Corporation  Stake Increased by UBS Asset ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in SN. State Street Corp raised its position in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 223.8% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 3,104,251 shares of the company's stock&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Market: The Sanchez Energy Corporation's  Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 3, 2017 A number of other equities analysts have also commented on the stock. Northland Securities reiterated an outperform rating and set a $20.00 price target  on shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation in a research report on&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Sanchez Energy Corp  Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - 17 hours ago Sanchez Energy Corp logo Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sanchez Energy Corp  from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Friday morning.Sanchez Energy Corporation  Quarterly Sales Review - The Newburgh PressRecent Analysts Ratings Sanchez Energy Corporation  - News Oracle'
p3
aS'How Sanchez Energy Corporation  And Its Latest Technicals Are Playing Out NY Stock News - 20 hours ago Sanchez Energy Corporation  is now trading with a very clear set of technicals. Taken together they paint a very compelling picture of how investors and traders should be approaching SN.'
p4
aS'Sanchez Energy: We Have Liftoff Seeking Alpha - Apr 3, 2017 The Comache acquisition closed. This increased the net production to Sanchez Energy immediately by about 60%. Completing the 132 DUCs should double that increase, and drilling may triple the exit rate at the fiscal year end.'
p5
aS"Why Investors remained confident on Intrepid Potash, Inc. , Sanchez ... StockNewsJournal - 20 hours ago Sanchez Energy Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -21.04, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Experts proposition on the searing stocks: Intrepid Potash, Inc. (IPI ... - The USA Commerce"
p6
aS'Sanchez Energy Corporation  Plunges 5.12% on April 12 Equities.com - Apr 12, 2017 Sanchez Energy Corporation  had a rough trading day for Wednesday April 12 as shares tumbled 5.12%, or a loss of $-0.49 per share, to close at $9.08.How Does Sanchez Energy Corporation  Stack Up Right Now? - StockNewsJournalSanchez Energy Corp  Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 - Markets Daily'
p7
aS'Sanchez Energy Corporation  Stock Technicals are in the neutral area USA Commerce Daily - 19 hours ago With all other things going on, Sanchez Energy Corporation  has been on a free fall - declining -0.57 percent in just three months.'
p8
aS'A look from Top to Bottom on Sanchez Energy Corp  Rives Journal - Apr 16, 2017 Investors have taken notice of Sanchez Energy Corp  shares. They may be keeping a close watch on certain stock levels. A popular indicator among technical analysts that can help to measure the strength of market momentum is the Average Directional&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Sanchez Energy Corporation Risk Points versus Energy CML News - Mar 28, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Sanchez Energy Corporation  compared to its own past and the Energy ETF.Sanchez Energy Corporation  shows weekly volitility of 4.92% - The Newburgh Press'
p10
a.