(lp0
S'The Synovus Financial Corp.  Stake Increased by Principal Financial Group ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Capital Fund Management S.A.'
p1
aS'Synovus Announces Earnings for the First Quarter 2017 Business Wire  - 13 hours ago Immediately following the closing of this transaction, Synovus will sell the credit card assets and related liabilities to Capital One Bank , National Association, a bank subsidiary of Capital One Financial Corporation  (Capital One ...'
p2
aS"What investors have to know about Synovus Financial Corp's  growth? Simply Wall St - 7 hours ago What can investors expect from Synovus Financial Corp  in the future? What are the important facts you need to know?Synovus Financial Corp.  Files An 8-K Entry into a Material ... - Market ExclusiveBrokerages Anticipate Synovus Financial Corp.  to Announce $0.51 Earnings ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p3
aS"Cabela's  Enters into Agreements with Synovus Financial  &amp; Capital ... StreetInsider.com - 12 hours ago Cabela's Incorporated  today announced that it has entered into agreements with subsidiaries of Synovus Financial Corp.  and Capital One Financial Corporation   in connection with&nbsp;...Synovus Agrees to Buy Cabela's Banking Assets - Wall Street Journal "
p4
aS"Synovus Financial in Talks to Buy Cabela's Financial Arm Wall Street Journal  - Mar 29, 2017 A small Georgia bank has emerged as the potential savior of Bass Pro Shops's $4.5 billion takeover of outdoor-goods retailer Cabela's Inc., according to people familiar with the matter.Synovus to buy Cabela's financial unit: source - Reuters"
p5
aS'Form 11-K SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP For: Dec 31 StreetInsider.com - Mar 23, 2017 We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of the Synovus Financial Corp. 2011 Director Stock Purchase Plan  as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations and changes in plan equity for&nbsp;...Today Analysts Focus on Synovus Financial Corp. , Thomson Reuters ... - StockNewsJournalGold Resource Corp , Synovus Financial Corp.  Stock Eyes Ahead of ... - The USA Commerce'
p6
aS'Analyst Activity  Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold on Synovus Financial ... Market Exclusive - Apr 5, 2017 Today, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated its Hold rating on Synovus Financial Corp.  with a price target of $47.00. There are 11 hold ratings, 1 buy rating on the stock.Stock Returns: Synovus Financial Corp.  is Beating S&amp;T Bancorp Inc ... - CML NewsSynovus Financial Corp.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods - The Cerbat Gem'
p7
aS'Sell-side Viewpoints on Synovus Financial Corp.  The Herald - Apr 11, 2017 The 9 analysts offering target price estimates on shares of Synovus Financial Corp.  have set a consensus target of $43.055 on shares.'
p8
aS'A Look at Analyst Consensus for Synovus Financial Corp.  The Herald - Apr 11, 2017 Out of the 9 covering analysts offering stock ratings for Synovus Financial Corp. , 1 have shares pegged a Strong Buy while 0 analysts have the stock marked a Buy.'
p9
aS'Street View: Analyst Updates on Synovus Financial Corp. ? The Herald - Apr 11, 2017 Out of the 9 covering Wall Street analysts providing share ratings for Synovus Financial Corp. , 1 have rated the stock as a Strong Buy while 0 analysts have the stock listed as a Buy.'
p10
a.