(lp0
S'0.012 MarketWatch - Nov 2, 2010 Spire Corp. Spire Corp. develops, manufactures and markets capital equipment and services for the solar photovoltaic industry, including turn-key solutions and individual pieces of manufacturing equipment and full turn-key lines for cell and module&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Spire Corporation Completes Sale of Non-Core Assets for Aggregate Net ... Business Wire  - Oct 28, 2014 BEDFORD, Mass.----Spire Corporation  , a global solar company providing capital equipment and turn-key manufacturing lines to produce photovoltaic modules and optoelectronics thin film&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Spire Corporation Completes Sale of Sun Simulator Business; will Focus its ... Business Wire  - Feb 1, 2016 BEDFORD, Mass.----Spire Corporation  , a global solar company providing capital equipment and turnkey manufacturing lines to produce and characterize photovoltaic modules, cells, and wafers,&nbsp;...Spire Corp. Sells Sun Simulator Business, Shifts To Solar Manufacturing - Solar Industry'
p3
aS'Spire Corporation Completes Sale of Semiconductor Business For Aggregate ... Business Wire  - Mar 12, 2012 BEDFORD, Mass.----Spire Corporation  , a diversified global company providing solar photovoltaic equipment and systems, and biomedical processing services, announced today that it has completed the sale of&nbsp;...LED Industry News: Masimo, Spire, Seren Photonics, Quantum Wafer, Aixtron ... - LEDs Magazine'
p4
aS'Spire Establishes Solar Branch Office in India Business Wire  - Aug 9, 2011 BEDFORD, Mass.----Spire Corporation , a global solar company that provides capital equipment and turn-key manufacturing lines to produce  modules, today announced that it has established a wholly owned subsidiary&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Spire Expands its Solar Representation to South Korea Business Wire  - Jun 30, 2011 JEIS at Spire Corp's Headquarters in Bedford, MA In Photo, From Left to Right: Mark C. Little, CEO of Spire Biomedical, Dong-Ho Roh, Executive Director of JEIS, Roger G. Little, Chairman &amp; CEO of Spire Corporation, and Jae-Seung Jo, CEO of JEIS (Photo:&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Spire to restructure and morph into turnkey solutions PV-Tech - Feb 2, 2016 PV module assembly equipment specialist Spire Corporation said it would focus on the turnkey PV manufacturing segment after completing the sale of its sun simulator business to Eternal Sun.'
p7
aS"SLP Solar Simulator Business Wire  - Mar 25, 2010 Francois Koran, Saflex Photovoltaic Development Manager and Roger Little, Spire Corp's Chairman and CEO, stand by Spire's 100th SLP Solar Simulator, to be shipped to Saflex."
p8
aS'Spire pushes solar cell record to 42.3% Optics.org - Oct 8, 2010 Roger G. Little, the chairman and CEO of parent company Spire Corporation, said, We are pleased to reach the record high CPV cell efficiency.'
p9
aS"How Chinese Solar Manufacturers Can Benefit From the New US Tariff Greentech Media  - May 25, 2012 Spire Corporation's Spire Solar unit builds turnkey factory assembly lines for crystalline and thin-film photovoltaic  factories."
p10
a.