(lp0
S"3 Defining Factors Behind Staples, Inc.'s  Impressive Growth Investorplace.com - 15 hours ago Staples, Inc.  a leading retailer of office products and services has impressed investors in the past six months with a gain of 26.9%, outperforming the Zacks categorized Retail-Miscellaneous/Diversified industry's increase of 0.9% and&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Staples Inc. Stock Jumps 12% as It Searches for Buyer Motley Fool - Apr 12, 2017 Chris Hill: Shares of Staples up more than 10% this week after the company said it is looking into selling itself. Staples tried to merge with Office Depot last year, and that was shut down due to antitrust concerns. What do you think, Jason? You got ...'
p2
aS'Why Would Anyone Buy Staples Inc? Motley Fool - Apr 9, 2017 Staples Inc  stock has been on a tear over the last few days amid rumors of a potential buyout. According to The Wall Street Journal, the company is in talks with private-equity firms to sell itself after regulators blew up its planned ...Why Is Staples  Up 14.8% Since the Last Earnings Report? - Yahoo Finance'
p3
aS"There's More to Staples Inc. Than Meets the Eye Motley Fool - Apr 7, 2017 To many, office supply company Staples  may look like a struggling retailer selling products, like paper and ink, that fewer people need in the age of computers and mobile devices.Analysts Set Staples, Inc.  Target Price at $9.61 - The Cerbat GemMoving Stocks: Goldcorp Inc. , Staples, Inc.  - TopChronicle"
p4
aS'Office supplies retailer Staples explores sale: sources Reuters - Apr 4, 2017 Staples Inc  is in talks with private equity firms about a potential sale, sources familiar with the matter said on Tuesday, as the largest U.S.Staples Takeover Talk Comes Just in Time - BloombergStaples Explores Sale After Failed Office Depot Deal - Wall Street Journal '
p5
aS'Staples, Inc. Earns 2017 Energy Star Partner of the Year Sustained ... Business Wire  - Apr 11, 2017 FRAMINGHAM, Mass.----Staples, Inc.  has been named a 2017 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence Award winner for continued leadership in protecting the environment through superior energy&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Noteworthy Buzzer: Staples, Inc.  StandardOracle - 22 hours ago Staples, Inc.  added 0.11% to reach $9.52 in the previous trading session. Overall, 5.77 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 6.92 Million shares.Staples, Inc. Posted gains of 0.11% in the Last Trade - Free Observer'
p7
aS'Staples Inc.  Surged On Reports Of Possible Sale RTT News - Apr 5, 2017 The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday that Staples Inc.  is in early discussions with a small number of private equity firms regarding a possible sale of the company.Staples Inc.  Rises 9.82% for April 04 - Equities.com'
p8
aS'Private Equity Finds Staples in the Bargain Bin Bloomberg - Apr 4, 2017 The exit strategy is where it gets tricky -- no matter what magic private equity can work at Staples, will the company really be worth more a few years down the road than it is now? The answer may lie in making another attempt to combine Staples with ...'
p9
aS'BRIEF-Staples Inc is exploring a sale - Source Reuters - Apr 4, 2017 BRIEF-Staples Inc is exploring a sale - Source. April 4  -. * Staples Inc is exploring a sale; company is in talks with a small number of possible private-equity bidders - Source.'
p10
a.