(lp0
S'Why Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Is in the Red Today Motley Fool - Aug 10, 2016 What: Shares of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals , a small-cap biotech focused on Hematology and Oncology, are down more than 14% as of 12:00 p.m.'
p1
aS'Disappointment Is Coming For Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Seeking Alpha - Sep 19, 2016 The last I wrote about Spectrum Pharmaceuticals  was almost two years ago, and the stock price was around $8. Two years on, the company has launched a new drug, advanced its pipeline and the stock price stands at $4.82, as of Friday.'
p2
aS'Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Highlights Three Abstracts on ROLONTIS ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 31, 2017 Spectrum Pharmaceuticals , a biotechnology company with fully integrated commercial and drug development operations with a primary focus in Hematology and Oncology, today announced key presentations of clinical and scientific data related to its&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Highlights Preclinical Data of ROLONTIS ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 Spectrum Pharmaceuticals , a biotechnology company with fully integrated commercial and drug development operations with a primary focus in Hematology and Oncology, announced the presentation of preclinical data of ROLONTIS from a poster&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | $SPPI Stock | Shares Fall As Company ... TickerTV News  - Mar 9, 2017 Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , a biotechnology company yesterday reported their fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results.'
p5
aS'Spectrum Pharma Investors Sue Over Rejected FDA Advice Law360  - Feb 24, 2017 Law360, Los Angeles  -- Officers and directors at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc. were hit with a shareholder derivative action in Delaware federal court on Thursday alleging they harmed investors and the company with a&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Should You Buy Spectrum Pharmaceuticals  Ahead of Earnings? March 06, 2017 Zacks.com - Mar 6, 2017 Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Breaking: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc  Stock Through Resistance ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Breaking: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for ... - The Cerbat GemSpectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Short Interest Update - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS'Shares in Review: Levels in Focus for Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  The Standard - 17 hours ago Checking the Value Composite score for Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , we see that the company has a rank of 81.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Rigel Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus Spectrum ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Rigel Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.