(lp0
S'Sarepta Therapeutics to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and ... GlobeNewswire  - 21 hours ago CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 17, 2017  -- Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. , a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of unique RNA-targeted therapeutics for the treatment of&nbsp;...Sarepta Therapeutics Inc  Shares Bought by Metropolitan Life Insurance ... - The Cerbat GemSell-side Perspectives on Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc.  PEDEVCO ... - Rives Journal'
p1
aS'Sarepta Therapeutics Announces Appointment of Catherine Stehman-Breen, MD, MS ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 3, 2017 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 03, 2017  -- Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. , a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of unique RNA-targeted therapeutics for the treatment of&nbsp;...Sarepta chief hands over CMO role to former Regeneron exec - Boston Business Journal'
p2
aS'Sarepta Therapeutics Stock History: A Biotech Roller-Coaster Ride Motley Fool - Apr 12, 2017 In 2012, the company changed its name to Sarepta Therapeutics. A few weeks later, its stock skyrocketed on positive results from a phase 2b study of experimental DMD drug eteplirsen.'
p3
aS'Sarepta Therapeutics Announces Inducement Grant Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635 ... GlobeNewswire  - Apr 5, 2017 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 05, 2017  -- Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. , a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of unique RNA-targeted therapeutics for the treatment of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Sell-side is Weighing in on Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc.  Earnings Aiken Advocate - 17 hours ago Wall Street analysts have a current quarter EPS estimate of $-0.85 on shares of Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. .'
p5
aS'Why Is Sarepta  Down 2.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Mar 31, 2017 It has been about a month since the last earnings report for Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. SRPT. Shares have lost about 2.7% in that time frame, underperforming the market.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $740000 ... - The Cerbat GemAn Inside Look at Trading Hot Stocks: Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. (SRPT ... - Post Analyst'
p6
aS'Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP Announces Investigation of Sarepta ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 28, 2017 NEW YORK, March 28, 2017  -- Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP , a national shareholder and consumer rights litigation firm, announces an investigation into Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. ,&nbsp;...Sarepta Therapeutics Inc Risk Points versus Health Care - CML News'
p7
aS'Looking at the Levels on Shares of Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc.  Baxter Review - 17 hours ago Market watchers may be taking a closer look at the numbers for Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. . ROIC  is a financial metric that can be used to measure how efficient a company is at allocating controlled capital ...'
p8
aS'Sarepta Therapeutics Announces Addition of Kenneth Fischbeck, MD and Matthew ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 30, 2017 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 30, 2017  -- Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. , a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of unique RNA-targeted therapeutics for the treatment of&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"Today's Research Reports on Biotech Stocks to Watch: Sarepta Therapeutics and ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 6, 2017 NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / April 6, 2017 / Sarepta recently presented clinical trial data at the MDA Scientific conference and received some unexpected support, while Novovax is looking to meet FDA endpoint requirements on its primary candidate&nbsp;..."
p10
a.