(lp0
S'Stage Stores, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers The De Soto Edge - Jan 17, 2017 12/22/2016 - Stage Stores, Inc. was downgraded to  by analysts at B. Riley. They now have a USD 3.5 price target on the stock.'
p1
aS"Stage Stores Just Got Much More Attractive Seeking Alpha - Mar 31, 2017 Stage Stores, Inc. operates 798 specialty department stores in 38 states and a direct-to-consumer channel under the BEALLS, GOODY'S, PALAIS ROYAL, PEEBLES and STAGE nameplates.Stage Stores to acquire about half of bankrupt retailer's stores - Houston Business JournalStage Stores will take over at least 50 Gordmans stores - KETV Omaha"
p2
aS'Stage Stores Is Very Tempting Seeking Alpha - Mar 22, 2017 Stage stores is tempting due to extreme pessimism both in the group and in the company. The cashflow, dividend, and extremely negative sentiment are appealing, but the lack of earnings and less than attractive balance sheet, makes it only worth ...Which analysts are covering Stage Stores, Inc. ? - Post AnalystStock under Discussion: Stage Stores Inc  - Post Registrar'
p3
aS'Stage Stores: The 24% Yield Trap Seeking Alpha - Feb 9, 2017 In the past 10 years, Stage Stores  has seen its market valuation from $1 billion to the current $66 million. The stock price is currently trading at $2.45, which is near its all-time low.'
p4
aS"You Can't Short Stage Stores Anymore... Right? Seeking Alpha - Mar 3, 2017 I've been arguing for a short of Stage Stores  loudly and often for a year now - but even I never thought SSI would get to $2 this fast.Hma Acquisition, Inc. is Buying Stage Stores Inc.  Shares - Small Cap Exclusive Stage Stores' stock plunges toward record low after disappointing results, outlook - MarketWatch"
p5
aS"Stage Stores deal could save QC Gordmans stores Quad City Times - Apr 4, 2017 &quot;We believe the Gordmans business model offers great potential and, without the burden of a high level of debt, unprofitable locations and an oversized infrastructure, we expect the Gordman's business to be accretive to our earnings,&quot; Stage Stores ...Local Gordmans store could remain open with new owners - The State Journal-RegisterWaterloo Gordmans to remain open - Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier"
p6
aS"Stage Stores: The Struggle Continues Seeking Alpha - Mar 7, 2017 In February, I wrote an article on Stage Stores  discouraging investors from taking a position in the company. My argument was that the company had so many challenges that it wasn't worth its generous 24% dividend yield.Houston retail company rolls out 'jump-start plan' in response to headwinds - Houston Business JournalRating Change on Stage Stores, Inc.  - Energy Index"
p7
aS"Stage Stores: There Is No Turnaround Coming Seeking Alpha - Jan 3, 2017 Stage Stores  has been an unmitigated disaster for the past couple of years. The apparel retailing business has been tough but it hasn't been as tough as SSI has made it look to be sure, and that has the stock languishing at just four bucks&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Analyst: Stage Stores is 'behind the times' Houston Business Journal - Mar 13, 2017 Analysts aren't convinced that Stage Stores Inc.'s recent &quot;jump-start plan&quot; goes far enough to combat online sales trends that have battered the Houston retail giant, and others, in recent years."
p9
aS"Stage Stores closes on Gordmans deal Seeking Alpha - Apr 7, 2017 Stage Stores  announces that it closed on its deal to acquire 50 Gordmans store leases, a distribution center and all of Gordmans' related store assets. The deal also incudes trademarks and other intellectual property of Gordmans. Stage ...Stage Stores Closes on Acquisition of Selected Gordmans Assets - Yahoo Finance"
p10
a.