(lp0
S'Why Silver Spring Networks, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 On a non-GAAP basis, which adjusts for one-time gains and expenses, Silver Spring Networks generated earnings of $0.05 per share.Silver Spring Networks Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results - Business Wire '
p1
aS'NRTC Partners with Silver Spring Networks to Deliver Advanced Metering Yahoo Finance - Apr 5, 2017 Today Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  announced that it has been selected as a solutions provider by NRTC, which represents more than 1,500 rural electric and telephone utilities and affiliates in 48 states, collectively serving approximately 20 ...Silver Spring Networks Inc  Stock Rating Lowered by Williams Financial Group - Sports PerspectivesA Technical Look At 2 Stocks: Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , BNC Bancorp ... - Post Analyst'
p2
aS"What Investors Need to Know About Silver Spring Networks, Inc.'s Q3 Earnings Motley Fool - Dec 5, 2015 Earlier in November, Silver Spring Networks  released earnings for the third quarter. Bringing networking solutions to cities and power grids around the world, the company is using the Internet of Things to transform aging infrastructures ..."
p3
aS'Silver Spring Networks  Names Catriona Fallon as CFO StreetInsider.com - Mar 27, 2017 Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  today announced that Catriona Fallon has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer , effective March 27.Silver Spring Networks Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of Buy from Analysts - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Silver Spring ... The Cerbat Gem - 11 hours ago Silver Spring Networks logo News articles about Silver Spring Networks  have been trending somewhat negative recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment.Silver Spring Networks'  &quot;Outperform&quot; Rating Reiterated at FBR &amp; Co - Sports PerspectivesIs there Upside to Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  Stock? - Rockville Register"
p5
aS'A Look at Analyst Consensus for Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  The Herald - 7 hours ago Out of the 8 covering equity analysts offering share ratings for Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , 7 have shares rated as a Strong Buy while 0 analysts have the stock rated a Buy.'
p6
aS'Silver Spring Networks Will Leverage From The Growth Of IoT And Smart Cities Seeking Alpha - Feb 25, 2016 Silver Spring Networks Inc.  is an energy efficiency company providing networking platform and solutions that enable utilities to transform the traditional power grid infrastructure into a smart grid.'
p7
aS'Recent M&amp;A, Backlog Strength Encouraging Signs For Silver Spring Networks Benzinga - Oct 7, 2016 Oppenheimer has lifted the price target on Silver Spring Networks Inc  shares from $15 to $17 based on valuation supported by recent M&amp;A and strength in backlog.'
p8
aS'DEWA Signs Agreement With Silver Spring Networks to Provide a Smart Canopy for ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 29, 2017 Today Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  announced that its subsidiary, Silver Spring Networks International Limited, has entered into an agreement with the Dubai Electricity &amp; Water Authority  to establish a communication platform based on ...A Look Ahead For 2 Stocks: Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , Harsco ... - Post Analyst'
p9
aS'Stock Levels in Review: Silver Spring Networks, Inc.  The Standard - 19 hours ago Checking the Value Composite score for Silver Spring Networks, Inc. , we see that the company has a rank of 76.'
p10
a.