(lp0
S'Sunvest Minerals Corp. Announces Appointment of Don Mckinnon Jr. to Board of ... Yahoo Finance - Oct 18, 2016 VANCOUVER, BC / ACCESSWIRE / October 18, 2016 / Sunvest Minerals Corp.   announces the appointment of Mr. Don McKinnon Jr.'
p1
aS'Sunvest Minerals: Drilling to Commence at McKinnon-Hawkins Gold Project, Ontario Junior Mining Network - Jan 27, 2017 Vancouver, British Columbia  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   announces crews are mobilizing at the McKinnon-Hawkins Gold Project located in Hawkins and Walls townships, Ontario.'
p2
aS'0.13 MarketWatch - Apr 26, 2011 Sunvest Minerals Corp. is a junior exploration company, which explores and develops mineral properties. It focuses on McKinnon-Hawkins Gold project located in the Hawkins and Walls Townships; Evening Star, Nevada; and Roy Mine and Foster Cobalt,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Sunvest Minerals Expands Hemlo Camp Land Holdings and Welcomes Durham to ... Junior Mining Network - Apr 13, 2017 Vancouver, BC  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   announces it has staked an additional 102 hectares adjoining the recently acquired McKinnon Hemlo West Property .'
p4
aS'Sunvest Minerals Discovers New Gold Zone on Mckinnon-Hawkins Property Junior Mining Network - Apr 11, 2017 Vancouver, British Columbia  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   is pleased to announce an update on the drilling program on the Mckinnon-Hawkins gold projects located in Hawkins and Walls townships,&nbsp;...Sunvest discovers new gold zone at McKinnon-Hawkins - Stockhouse'
p5
aS'Sunvest Minerals Corp. Closes Private Placement Stockhouse - Oct 17, 2016 Vancouver, BC  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   is pleased to announce that, further to its news release dated September 7, 2016, the Company has completed a non-brokered private placement of&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Sunvest Minerals Acquires Strategic Hemlo Camp Property Adjacent to Barrick Gold Junior Mining Network - Mar 27, 2017 Vancouver, BC  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   is pleased to announce the acquisition of a strategic mineral property located in the heart of the Hemlo Gold camp.'
p7
aS'Sunvest Options Roy Cobalt to Battery Mineral Resources InvestorIntel - Feb 27, 2017 February 27, 2017  - Sunvest Minerals Corp.   announces it has signed an option agreement with Battery Mineral Resources Ltd.'
p8
aS"Betting on a name and the glory of gold InvestorIntel - Mar 15, 2017 Deciding which of Sunvest's project is the main play depends on one's point of view. If I reached into the bag and pulled out the Roy Mine as something I could take home I would be a happy man indeed."
p9
aS'Cobalt Crisis: A Green Swan Love Song InvestorIntel - Jan 23, 2017 Green Swan Capital Corp.   are ensuring they are prepared to deliver product from a safe and politically stable region at a time which is seen by many as a revival of North-American mining industries, as demand for ethically&nbsp;...'
p10
a.