(lp0
S"Carson Block Takes on St. Jude Medical Claiming Hack Risk Bloomberg - Aug 25, 2016 Carson Block, the renowned short-seller and founder of research firm Muddy Waters LLC, has taken a short position in St. Jude Medical Inc., denouncing the security of its cardiac devices in an effort that could derail the company's purchase by Abbott&nbsp;...Credit Suisse Assesses Risk At St. Jude Medical - Benzinga"
p1
aS'Hired experts back claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked Reuters - Oct 24, 2016 Short-selling firm Muddy Waters said in a legal filing on Monday that outside experts it hired validated its claims that St. Jude Medical Inc cardiac implants are vulnerable to potentially life-threatening cyber attacks. U.S. regulators responded by ...Muddy Waters Fights St. Jude Lawsuit Over Pacemaker Reports - BloombergHired experts support claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked - Fox News'
p2
aS"FDA warns on Abbott's St. Jude pacemakers and defibrillators TwinCities.com-Pioneer Press - Apr 13, 2017 In November 2014, St. Jude failed to present relevant and complete information concerning the premature battery depletion issue to its medical advisory board and management review board, the FDA said. For instance, the company only presented rates of&nbsp;...FDA Wants Answers From Abbott On St. Jude Device Security - Law360 "
p3
aS"Abbott Labs closes its acquisition of St. Jude Medical Minneapolis Star Tribune - Jan 4, 2017 Abbott Laboratories released no new details Wednesday about integration timelines and personnel changes in Minnesota as it completed its long-planned acquisition of Little Canada-based medical device company St. Jude Medical. The cash-and-stock&nbsp;...Abbott Completes the Acquisition of St. Jude Medical - PR Newswire St. Jude's $25 billion sale to Abbott closes - Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal"
p4
aS'Marshwinds Advisory Co Buys Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie, Baxter International ... GuruFocus.com - Apr 12, 2017 St Simons Island, GA, based Investment company Marshwinds Advisory Co buys Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie, Baxter International, Raven Industries, sells St Jude Medical, Johnson Controls International PLC, CDK Global, Spectra Energy, Whirlpool during&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in St Jude Medical Inc  BNB Daily  - Apr 12, 2017 St Jude Medical logo Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of St Jude Medical Inc  by 6.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.EPS for Nippon Yusen KK   Expected At $0.00, Twin Securities Has ... - MoneyMakingArticles'
p6
aS'St Jude Medical Inc  Position Raised by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Community Financial News - Apr 17, 2017 St Jude Medical logo Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in St Jude Medical Inc  by 6.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .St Jude Medical Inc  Stake Lowered by Federated Investors Inc. PA - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'St Jude Medical  Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Sports Perspectives - Apr 15, 2017 St Jude Medical logo Media stories about St Jude Medical  have trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis.'
p8
aS'Global Single-Chamber Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator Market 2017 : St ... Medgadget  - Apr 13, 2017 The Global Single-Chamber Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator Market Key Vendors are Medtronic PLC , St. Jude Medical Inc. , Boston Scientific Corporation , BIOTRONIK SE &amp; Co. KG , ZOLL Medical Corporation  The&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Cohen Klingenstein, LLC Buys Siemens AG, Abbott Laboratories, Liberty ... GuruFocus.com - Apr 13, 2017 New York, NY, based Investment company Cohen Klingenstein, LLC buys Siemens AG, Abbott Laboratories, Liberty Broadband, Liberty SiriusXM Group, sells St Jude Medical during the 3-months ended 2017-03-31, according to the most recent filings of the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.