(lp0
S"The Coastland Capital LLC Purchases New Position in Starz Acquisition LLC  Petro Global News 24 - 23 hours ago Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Legal &amp; General Group Plc boosted its stake in shares of Starz Acquisition by 3.9% in the second quarter. Legal &amp; General Group Plc now owns 6,914 shares of the company's ...ACRE Realty Investors  Trades at $1.15 After Triangle, Starz  Has ... - NormanObserver.com"
p1
aS'Lionsgate, Starz Close $4.4 Billion Acquisition Variety - Dec 8, 2016 Lionsgate has completed its acquisition of Starz for approximately $4.4 billion in cash and stock. The merger had been announced at the end of June, after a lengthy courtship period and the helping hand of investor John Malone, the majority shareholder ...LIONSGATE CLOSES STARZ ACQUISITION - PR Newswire Lionsgate Closes Deal To Buy Starz - Deadline'
p2
aS'Lions Gate Valuation Suggests Subdued Expectations For Starz Acquisition Benzinga - Jan 3, 2017 The analyst also expects management to provide a better sense for direct to consumer offering and original programming upside at Starz Acquisition LLC , coupled with financial engineering latitude off $400+ million in prospective free&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Negative Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Starz Acquisition (STRZA ... Markets Daily - Apr 13, 2017 Receive News &amp; Ratings for Starz Acquisition LLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Starz Acquisition LLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email&nbsp;...Market: The Starz Inc.  Stake Boosted by BlackRock Advisors LLC - Petro Global News 24"
p4
aS'Lionsgate to Acquire Starz for $4.4 Billion Variety - Jun 30, 2016 Lionsgate has sealed an agreement to acquire premium cabler Starz in a $4.4 billion cash and stock deal. The deal had been expected.Lionsgate to Acquire Starz for $4.4 Billion in Cash and Stock - PR Newswire Lionsgate Would Pay Starz $150M If Shareholders Reject Acquisition - Deadline'
p5
aS'Mastech Digital  Analysts See $0.00 EPS; Profile of 5 Analysts Covering ... Wolcott Daily - Apr 11, 2017 The stock of Starz Acquisition LLC  earned Equal-Weight rating by Morgan Stanley on Monday, August 3. The company was upgraded on Friday, April 29 by Pivotal Research.'
p6
aS'Lionsgate Explores Acquisition of Starz Variety - Feb 4, 2016 Lionsgate has made a formal overture to Starz to initiate acquisition talks, a year after the companies were brought together by investor John Malone.'
p7
aS"Starz Stock Spikes in After-Hours Trading on Acquisition Rumors Variety - Sep 16, 2015 Shares of pay cable group Starz jumped more than 7% in after-hours trading Tuesday after Bloomberg News reported that AMC Networks was in talks to acquire the company. Sources close to the situation strongly denied that any substantive negotiations are&nbsp;...AMC Networks in talks to buy Starz: Bloomberg - CNBCAMC Networks Said in Talks to Acquire John Malone's Starz - AdAge.com"
p8
aS"Malone on Brexit, Starz-Lions Gate Deal, and Viacom Bloomberg - Jul 7, 2016 Liberty Media Chairman John Malone weighs in on Brexit and discusses the company's Starz and Lions Gate deal and his outlook for Viacom.After Lions Gate-Starz, John Malone still on the hunt for more deals - CNBCJohn Malone sees Viacom opportunity, says stock undervalued - The Denver Post"
p9
aS'CBS Mulling Acquisition Of Pay Cable Network Starz Deadline - Mar 14, 2016 I hear that CBS CBS Logo has been kicking the tires on acquiring Starz, one of several content companies CBS had expressed interest in.'
p10
a.