(lp0
S'Investment Trust Watch: Murray International going cheap Citywire.co.uk - Jul 17, 2015 But over one, three and five years its share price and NAV returns cast it to the bottom of the sector, beaten by Securities Trust of Scotland , Seneca Global Income &amp; Growth , Scottish American  and BlackRock Income Strategies ...'
p1
aS"Don't underestimate your US exposure Investors Chronicle - Nov 9, 2016 Mark Whitehead, portfolio manager at Securities Trust of Scotland, said the case for high exposure to the US remains compelling."
p2
aS"How Does a Board Protect Investment Trust Shareholders? Morningstar - Jan 13, 2015 Wall: So, you sit on five boards including Securities Trust of Scotland  and BlackRock Emerging Europe . I thought we could ask you today, as the expert, what exactly is a board because it's a feature unique to investment trustsopen-ended&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Stocks: Securities Trust of Scotland plc  to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.45 Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 Securities Trust of Scotland plc  declared a dividend on Tuesday, January 17th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd will be paid a dividend of GBX 1.45  per share on Friday, March 17th.'
p4
aS'14 investment trusts for income and growth in 2017 Interactive Investor - Feb 2, 2017 &quot;International equity income funds, such as Securities Trust of Scotland , have a wider pool of investments to choose from,&quot; he points out.'
p5
aS"Funding Circle Hires Nomura Man Who Designed Toxic-Asset Program Bloomberg - Jul 13, 2016 Bennett, in an interview, said his decision to join Funding Circle was informed by his experience designing and running the U.K.'s Asset Protection Scheme, which insured the riskiest assets of Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc after the financial crisis ..."
p6
aS'Week Ahead: 20-24 February Investors Chronicle - Feb 16, 2017 Welcome to the week ahead, our summary of the forthcoming key company announcements. Companies are no longer obliged to notify the London Stock Exchange  of results and trading updates, so this list does not claim to be comprehensive.'
p7
aS"James Carthew: the managers backing a golden era for value Citywire.co.uk - Dec 22, 2016 If Bennett is right, Henderson European Focus will be well rewarded. Sticking with banks, Mark Whitehead, manager of Securities Trust of Scotland  thinks the Federal Reserve may be strong-armed, on the back of Trump's policies, into raising rates."
p8
aS"Investment Trust Watch: 'buy' Woodford, 'sell' Alliance Citywire.co.uk - Jan 6, 2017 As Anthony Stern of Stifel Securities pointed out in a note this week, a good strategy for doing well from investment trusts last year was to buy the losers from 2015."
p9
aS"Investment Trust Watch: Europe &amp; Japan trusts shine Citywire.co.uk - Sep 23, 2016 In Numis Securities' rundown of the week's top 15 performers, three are from the Europe sector. Shares in Henderson Eurotrust  rallied 6.2% ... Every single trust in the sector has a negative one-year z-score, showing the discount on their shares ..."
p10
a.