(lp0
S'Sterling Bancorp , Astoria Financial  Enter $2.2B Merger Agreement StreetInsider.com - Mar 7, 2017 Sterling Bancorp NYSE: STL) and Astoria Financial Corporation announced today that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement in a stock-for-stock transaction valued at approximately $2.2 billion, based on the closing price of ...Astoria Financial sold to Sterling Bancorp - Seeking AlphaRegional bank Sterling Bancorp to buy Astoria for $2.2 billion - Reuters'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating C&amp;F ... CML News - Apr 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for C&amp;F Financial Corporation  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'ASTORIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - Apr 7, 2017 Astoria Financial Corporation  , the holding company for Astoria Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors, at a special meeting held on April 7, 2017, established September 27, 2017 as the new date for the ...Most Active Stock: Regions Financial Corporation  - HugoPress'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Sterling Bancorp  versus Wintrust Financial ... CML News - Apr 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sterling Bancorp  versus Wintrust Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Park Sterling  At $11.71 Forms Top; Cincinnati Financial  Sellers ... HuronReport - 23 hours ago Cincinnati Financial Corporation  has declined 9.01% since September 8, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 15.78% the S&amp;P500.'
p5
aS"Astoria Financial Investors Challenge $2.2B Sale To Sterling Law360  - Apr 11, 2017 Law360, New York  -- A putative class of Astoria Financial Corp. shareholders objected to the bank holding company's $2.2 billion all-stock sale to Sterling Bancorp in New York federal court on Monday, saying the deal is&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Warburg Pincus takes 35% stake in Avaloq Finextra  - Mar 22, 2017 Notable investments include AllFunds Bank, Arch Capital, China Huarong Asset Management, FIS/Metavante, HDFC, Interactive Data Corporation, Mellon Bank, Network International, Elavon, Sterling Financial Corp, Santander Consumer USA, Wall Street&nbsp;...Avaloq partners with Warburg Pincus to accelerate growth - Bobsguide '
p7
aS"Juan V. Ruiz Joins Sterling National Bank's Factoring &amp; Trade Finance Team Yahoo Finance - Apr 3, 2017 MONTEBELLO, NY-- - Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp , announced today that Juan V. Ruiz has joined its Factoring &amp; Trade Finance department as Vice President and Managing Director ..."
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating Peoples ... CML News - Mar 31, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Peoples Financial Services Corp.  versus Park Sterling Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Monteverde &amp; Associates PC Announces An Investigation Of ... PR Newswire  - Apr 12, 2017 ... is investigating Astoria Financial Corp.   and its Board of Directors for potential securities laws violations and/or breaches of fiduciary duties in connection with the sale of the Company to Sterling Bancorp ...'
p10
a.