(lp0
S"Federal Reserve approves $402M takeover of Suffolk Bancorp Newsday - Mar 17, 2017 The Federal Reserve Board of Governors has approved the $402 million acquisition of Suffolk Bancorp by Bridgeport, Connecticut-based People's United Financial, People's said Friday.People's United Gets Fed Approval to Buy Suffolk Bancorp - Yahoo FinanceMerger of Suffolk County National Bank with People's United approved by ... - RiverheadLOCAL"
p1
aS"People's United Buys Suffolk Bancorp to Expand in New York Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 People's United Financial, Inc. PBCT recently announced the completion of Suffolk Bancorp acquisition. The company entered into this deal with a view to expand its footprint in New York.Stocks Under Consideration People's United Financial, Inc. , The ... - Daily News Journal"
p2
aS"People's United Bank  to Acquire Suffolk Bancorp  in $402M Deal StreetInsider.com - Jun 27, 2016 People's United Financial, Inc. , the holding company for People's United Bank, N.A., announced today a definitive agreement pursuant to which People's United Financial will acquire Suffolk Bancorp , of Riverhead, NY, the&nbsp;...People's United to buy Suffolk Bancorp for $402 million - NewsdayPeople's United to buy Suffolk County National Bank - East End Beacon"
p3
aS"Shareholder lawsuit seeks to halt Suffolk County National Bank merger RiverheadLOCAL - Aug 15, 2016 A Suffolk Bancorp shareholder has filed a federal lawsuit seeking to block the company's merger with People's United Financial Inc. In a complaint filed Aug. 4 in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, shareholder Paul Parshall claims that Suffolk Bancorp&nbsp;...People's United Bank faces opposition in proposed acquisition of New York bank - CT Post"
p4
aS'Form 25-NSE SUFFOLK BANCORP Filed by: NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE LLC StreetInsider.com - Apr 3, 2017 The merger between Suffolk Bancorp, and Peoples United Financial, Inc., became effective on April 1, 2017. Each share of Suffolk Bancorp Common Stock was converted into 2.225 shares of Peoples United Financial, Inc. Common Stock. The Exchange also&nbsp;...'
p5
aS"Suffolk Bancorp shareholders green-light merger with People's United Financial RiverheadLOCAL - Oct 15, 2016 Suffolk Bancorp shareholders this week overwhelmingly approved the merger of Suffolk and People's United Financial Inc. The proposed merger was approved Thursday by a vote of more than 80 percent of the shares eligible to vote - and more than 97&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Suffolk County National Bank Announces Layoffs Due To Pending Merger ... 27east.com - Nov 9, 2016 On Tuesday, Howard C. Bluver, the CEO and president of Suffolk BanCorp, the parent company of Suffolk County National Bank, confirmed that layoffs eventually will happen at the branch level, though he does not expect offices located in Southampton and&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"People's Bank closing in on Suffolk County National Bank Newsday - Feb 7, 2017 While People's Bank and Suffolk County National Bank wait for regulatory approval, a larger bank deal fell through when New York Community Bancorp's $2 billion acquisition of Astoria Financial was terminated."
p8
aS"Shareholder suit seeks to block Suffolk Bancorp deal Newsday - Aug 9, 2016 Riverhead-based Suffolk Bancorp improperly favored People's United Financial Inc. over other suitors when it agreed to be acquired by the Bridgeport, Connecticut-based company, the plaintiff, Paul Parshall, charged in the lawsuit, filed Thursday in ..."
p9
aS"Suffolk County National Bank laying off 76, filing shows Newsday - Nov 1, 2016 The reason for the layoffs is that Suffolk Bancorp, the bank's Riverhead-based holding company, is being acquired by Connecticut-based People's United Financial Inc., according to a WARN notice posted on the state Department of Labor's website."
p10
a.