(lp0
S"Synergetics USA  Stock Soars After Being Acquired by Valeant TheStreet.com - Sep 2, 2015 &quot;We rate SYNERGETICS USA INC  a HOLD. The primary factors that have impacted our rating are mixed - some indicating strength, some showing weaknesses, with little evidence to justify the expectation of either a positive or negative performance&nbsp;...Quebec's Valeant buys Synergetics USA for $192M - CBC.caValeant Pharmaceuticals To Acquire Synergetics USA - PR Newswire "
p1
aS"Synergetic's Contingent Value Rights Appear To Have A Good Chance Of Achieving ... Seeking Alpha - Oct 16, 2015 Synergetics  is a small cap medical device &amp; equipment company that is set to be acquired by Valeant .Valeant completes acquisition of Synergetics - STLtoday.com"
p2
aS'Synergetics USA  Acquires Sterimedix Ltd. for $13.5M StreetInsider.com  - Dec 10, 2014 Synergetics USA, Inc. , a medical device company that designs, manufactures, and markets innovative surgical devices for ophthalmic and neurosurgical applications, today announced it has acquired Sterimedix Limited ,&nbsp;...Synergetics Acquires UK-Based Manufacturer Sterimedix Ltd. - Marketwired '
p3
aS'Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. Completes Tender Offer For ... PR Newswire  - Oct 15, 2015 LAVAL, Quebec, Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.    today announced the expiration of the tender offer  by a subsidiary of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (&quot;VPI ...Valeant Pharmaceuticals  Receives Federal Subpoenas on Drug Pricing - InvestorGuide'
p4
aS"Stryker  to Acquire Synergetics USA's Neuro Portfolio in All-Cash Deal StreetInsider.com - Feb 10, 2016 Stryker Corporation  announced a definitive agreement to acquire all of the assets associated with Synergetics USA, Inc.'s neuro portfolio in an all cash transaction. The portfolio includes the Malis generator, Spetzler Malis disposable ..."
p5
aS"Synergetics USA: A Growth Story Amidst An Aging Population Seeking Alpha - Aug 28, 2012 The technological leader in these sophisticated microsurgical devices is Synergetics USA . Synergetics, based in O'Fallon, Missouri, was founded in 1991 in the proverbial garage, by a mechanical engineer and an instrument maker."
p6
aS'Synergetics USA, Inc.  Reviewed By Analysts The De Soto Edge - Apr 17, 2017 Stock market analysts watching Synergetics USA, Inc.  have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Monday 17th of April state 0 analysts have a rating of strong buy, 0 analysts buy, 0 analysts&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Synergetics USA Announces New Vitrectomy Products at American Academy of ... Business Wire  - Oct 27, 2011 O'FALLON, Mo.----Synergetics USA, Inc. , a medical device company that designs, manufactures, and markets innovative devices for ophthalmic and neurosurgical applications, today announced two new ophthalmic&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Synergetics USA Announces Launch of Next Generation Directional II Laser Probe Marketwired  - May 5, 2014 O'FALLON, MO-- - Synergetics USA, Inc. , a medical device company that designs, manufactures, and markets innovative surgical devices for ophthalmic and neurosurgical applications, today announced the&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Stryker buys Synergetics neuro assets Mass Device - Feb 10, 2016 The buy puts Synergetics Malis generator, Malis disposable forceps as well as Stryker's existing Sonopet tips and RF generator into Stryker's portfolio, according to the Kalamazoo, Mich."
p10
a.