(lp0
S'Analyst Activity  Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reiterates Neutral on KLA-Tencor ... Market Exclusive - 20 hours ago The current consensus rating on KLA-Tencor Corp  is Hold  with a consensus target price of $88.13 per share, a potential 7.56% downside.Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms Negative Rating for KLA-Tencor Corp  - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS'Western Digital Corp  Earns Positive Rating from Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Sports Perspectives - Apr 17, 2017 Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed their positive rating on shares of Western Digital Corp  in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday.Western Digital Corp  Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. - The Cerbat GemWestern Digital Corp  Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. - Community Financial News'
p2
aS"Intel's  &quot;Positive&quot; Rating Reaffirmed at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc BBNS - 1 hour ago 's stock had its positive rating restated by equities researchers at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc in a research report issued on Tuesday.Intel's  Positive Rating Reaffirmed at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - Sports PerspectivesThe Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reiterates Positive Rating for Intel ... - Petro Global News 24"
p3
aS"Skechers USA's  Negative Rating Reaffirmed at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc BBNS - 3 hours ago Skechers USA Inc logo Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed their negative rating on shares of Skechers USA Inc  in a research report released on Wednesday.The Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Upgrades Skechers USA Inc  to Neutral - Petro Global News 24Skechers USA Inc  has been upgraded to Neutral in a statement by ... - Breaking Finance News"
p4
aS'PepsiCo, Inc.  Lifted to Positive at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Sports Perspectives - 19 hours ago PepsiCo, Inc. logo Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upgraded shares of PepsiCo, Inc.  from a neutral rating to a positive rating in a report published on Wednesday.The PepsiCo, Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - Petro Global News 24PepsiCo, Inc.  Stock Rating Upgraded by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS"Steven Madden, Ltd.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc BBNS - 16 hours ago Steven Madden logo Steven Madden, Ltd. 's stock had its positive rating reissued by analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc in a note issued to investors on Monday. They presently have a $42.00 price target on the stock. Susquehanna&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'Corning Incorporated  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc The Cerbat Gem - Apr 12, 2017 Corning Incorporated logo Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed their positive rating on shares of Corning Incorporated  in a research note released on Tuesday morning.Corning Incorporated  Given Positive Rating at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc - Chaffey Breeze'
p7
aS'Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Upgrades Echo Global Logistics, Inc.  to Positive Chaffey Breeze - 21 hours ago Echo Global Logistics, Inc.  was upgraded by research analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc from a neutral rating to a positive rating in a report released on Thursday.'
p8
aS'Caleres Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc The Cerbat Gem - Apr 9, 2017 Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reissued their neutral rating on shares of Caleres Inc  in a report released on Monday morning.'
p9
aS"Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms Positive Rating for NetApp Inc.  The Cerbat Gem - Mar 31, 2017 NetApp logo NetApp Inc. 's stock had its positive rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc in a note issued to investors on Friday. They currently have a $48.00 target price on the data storage provider's stock."
p10
a.