(lp0
S"Stillwater Mining Company Announces CFIUS Clearance Related to the Proposed ... Yahoo Finance - 21 hours ago LITTLETON, Colo., April 17, 2017  -- Stillwater Mining Company   today announced that it has been informed that the review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States  related&nbsp;...Stillwater Mining Company   Moves Higher on Volume Spike ... - Equities.comCFIUS Clears Sibanye's $2.2B Stillwater Mining Buy - Law360 "
p1
aS'South African company to acquire Stillwater Mining Company for $2.2B Billings Gazette - Dec 9, 2016 The sale also made sense because of the strengthening U.S. dollar, which has hurt Stillwater in export markets, McMullen said.Stillwater Mining Co. is bought for $2.2 billion - Salt Lake TribuneSibanye to Acquire Stillwater Mining Company for $2.2 Billion - PR Newswire '
p2
aS'Stillwater Mining Company  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - 21 hours ago On April 17, 2017, Stillwater Mining Company  issued a press release announcing the completion of the review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States  related to the previously announced acquisition of the&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Stillwater Mining Company  Touching Most Active List The Herald - 8 hours ago Session activity on Stillwater Mining Company stock is placing it on today's most active list. After a recent spot-check, the stock has touched $17.87 which represents a change from the open of 0.79%."
p4
aS'Trading Desk: What are the Numbers Saying About Stillwater Mining Company ... The Standard - 14 hours ago Checking the Value Composite score for Stillwater Mining Company , we see that the company has a rank of 58. This falls on a scale from 0 to 100 where a lower score indicated an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stillwater Mining Company   Moves Lower on Volume Spike ... Equities.com - Apr 7, 2017 Stillwater Mining Company   traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 07, as the stock lost 0.69% to close at $17.27.Earnings Growth Research: Stillwater Mining Company , SeaWorld ... - USA Commerce DailyStillwater Mining Company  Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage ... - Sports Perspectives'
p6
aS'Traders Secrets on Stillwater Mining Company , Spirit Realty Capital, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago Stillwater Mining Company  have shown a high EPS growth of -43.00% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 178.90% yoy.'
p7
aS"SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky &amp; Long, PA Files Class Action Suit Against ... GlobeNewswire  - Feb 16, 2017 Rigrodsky &amp; Long, P.A. announces that it has filed a class action complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado on behalf of holders of Stillwater Mining Company   common stock in connection with the&nbsp;...Proposed Stillwater acquisition nets Sibanye 'deal of the year' award - Creamer Media's Mining WeeklySibanye wins deal of the year award at gala dinner - Inside Mining"
p8
aS'Still A Value Trap?  Stillwater Mining Company , Realogy Holdings Corp ... USA Commerce Daily - 18 hours ago Shares of Stillwater Mining Company  are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 91.02% since bottoming out at $9.02 on May.'
p9
aS'Workers returning to Stillwater Mining as Blitz expansion revs up Billings Gazette - Nov 13, 2016 The machine is 18 feet in diameter, with 33 metal discs on the front and operated by a seven-member crew of Stillwater Mining Co. employees. When the sharp discs spin, the electric machine, known as a TBM, pushes forward on its hydraulic legs and ...'
p10
a.