(lp0
S"Southcross Energy Partners, LP Reports Fourth Quarter Results GlobeNewswire  - Mar 9, 2017 Southcross Holdings LP, through its subsidiary Southcross Holdings Borrower LP, owns 100% of Southcross Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Southcross, as well as a portion of Southcross' common units, and all of Southcross' subordinated&nbsp;...Is Southcross Energy Partners LP's  Balance Sheet A Threat To Its Future? - Simply Wall St"
p1
aS"Is Southcross Energy Partners LP's  Balance Sheet Strong Enough To ... Simply Wall St - Apr 12, 2017 While small-cap stocks, such as Southcross Energy Partners LP  with its market cap of USD $337 Million, are popular for their explosive growth, investors should also pay heed to their balance sheet to judge whether the company can survive a&nbsp;...Hot Stocks Among Investors: Southcross Energy Partners, L.P. , Senior ... - Post AnalystSouthcross Energy Partners  Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.10 - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Southcross Energy Partners, LP Announces Appointment of New Independent Board ... GlobeNewswire  - Dec 19, 2016 DALLAS, Texas, Dec. 19, 2016  -- Southcross Energy Partners, L.P.   announced today that Andrew A. Cameron was appointed to the Board of Directors  of Southcross Energy Partners GP, LLC&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Southcross Holdings LP Files Prepackaged Reorganization Plan; Southcross ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 28, 2016 DALLAS, Texas, March 28, 2016  -- Southcross Holdings LP  announced today that it has filed a pre-packaged plan of reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S.Southcross Energy Parent Files for Bankruptcy - Wall Street JournalSouthcross Energy Partners parent files for bankruptcy - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Technical Roundup On Two Stocks - Southcross Energy Partners, L.P. (SXE ... Post Analyst - 3 hours ago Southcross Energy Partners, L.P. has a consensus underperform rating from 3 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 0.74% of shares outstanding.'
p5
aS"Southcross Energy Partners LP and Southcross Holdings attract $175 mln Thomson Reuters' peHUB  - Aug 19, 2015 Southcross Energy Partners LP and Southcross Holdings LP have secured $175 million in funding. The investors were Charlesbank Capital Partners, EIG Global Energy Partners and Tailwater Capital."
p6
aS"Southcross Energy Partners'  CEO John Bonn on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - May 10, 2016 Welcome to the Southcross Energy Partners First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to you host, David Lawrence, Vice President of Treasury and Investor Relations."
p7
aS'Southcross Energy Partners LP  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Apr 15, 2017 Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Southcross Energy Partners LP  from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Saturday.The Southcross Energy Partners LP  Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment ... - Petro Global News 24Southcross Energy Partners LP  Upgraded to &quot;Hold&quot; at Zacks Investment ... - Alive For Football'
p8
aS'Southcross Energy Partners, LP  Files An 8-K Departure of Directors ... Market Exclusive - Mar 27, 2017 Southcross Energy Partners, L.P. is a limited partnership. The Company provides natural gas gathering, processing, treating, compression and transportation services, and natural gas liquid  fractionation and transportation services.Top Institutional Investors That Own Southcross Energy Partners, LP  - Post Analyst'
p9
aS'Southcross Energy Partners, LP Announces New Management Additions Business Wire  - Sep 21, 2015 DALLAS----Southcross Energy Partners, L.P.   announced today the appointment of Kelly J. Jameson as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Mark A. Pyburn as Vice President, Gas Marketing of&nbsp;...'
p10
a.