(lp0
S"Better Buy: Kinder Morgan, Inc. vs. Sunoco Logistics Partners LP Motley Fool - Apr 4, 2017 Because of that, when most investors see that Sunoco Logistics Partners  currently yields 8.5% while Kinder Morgan  pays a paltry 2.3%, they declare Sunoco the winner on the spot. However, there's much more to these two stories."
p1
aS'Energy Transfer Partners  Announce ISS Recommends Unitholders Vote for ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 14, 2017 Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.  today announced that Institutional Shareholder Services , a leading independent proxy advisory firm, has recommended that ETP unitholders vote &quot;FOR&quot; approval of the proposed merger with Sunoco&nbsp;...Analyst Activity  BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold on Energy Transfer ... - Market ExclusiveIn Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy ENERGY TRANSFER PARTNERS ... - The De Soto Edge'
p2
aS"Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 23, 2017 Welcome to Sunoco Logistics Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session.Inside Sunoco Logistics' 4Q16 Earnings Drivers - Market Realist"
p3
aS'What Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  Is Telling Investors Via Its ... NY Stock News - 19 hours ago Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p4
aS'The Case for and Against Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  StockNewsJournal - 22 hours ago Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Oil &amp; Gas Pipelines.Stock On the Run: Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  - HugoPressAll Three Proxy Advisory Firms Recommend Energy Transfer Partners, L.P ... - Yahoo Finance'
p5
aS'Sunoco Logistics to merge with parent company Philly.com - Nov 21, 2016 Sunoco Logistics Partners LP, based in Newtown Square, announced Monday that it had agreed to acquire its parent company, Energy Transfer Partners LP, the firm building the hotly contested Dakota Access Pipeline in the Midwest.3 Things Investors Need to Know About the Energy Transfer Partners LP/Sunoco ... - Motley FoolSunoco Logistics Partners  to Acquire Energy Transfer Partners, LP (ETP ... - StreetInsider.com'
p6
aS'Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 03 ... Nasdaq - Feb 2, 2017 Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  will begin trading ex-dividend on February 03, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.52 per share is scheduled to be paid on February 14, 2017.Which Is A Better Buy - ETE, ETP, Or SXL? - Seeking Alpha'
p7
aS'Institutional Shareholder Services Recommends Energy Transfer Partners, L.P ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 14, 2017 Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.  today announced that Institutional Shareholder Services , a leading independent proxy advisory firm, has recommended that ETP unitholders vote &quot;FOR&quot; approval of the proposed merger with Sunoco Logistics&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Holly Energy Partners, L.P.  is Beating Sunoco ... - CML NewsChasing Hot Stocks- Energy Transfer Equity LP , Chicago Bridge ... - Wall Street Times '
p8
aS'Is There Momentum to Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  Rives Journal - Apr 16, 2017 At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Sunoco Logistics Partners LP  is standing at 16.88. Many chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend.'
p9
aS'Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  Technical Resistance and Key Price Levels ... USA Commerce Daily - 19 hours ago With all other things going on, Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.  has been on a run - rising 0.45 percent in just three months.'
p10
a.