(lp0
S"Synaptics at risk of being next Apple victim - Pac Crest Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 Following recent rumors that Apple may dump chips from Dialog Semi and Imagination Tech, Pacific Crest's John Vinh mulls which supplier might be next.Risk Of RF Providers Broadcom Ltd , Qorvo Inc  And Cirrus Logic ... - Smrt Stck Nws"
p1
aS"Why Synaptics, Incorporated Stock Plunged Today Motley Fool - Jun 17, 2016 What: Shares of Synaptics, Incorporated  fell as much as 12.6% early Friday, and traded down 9.9% as of 11:00 a.m.Synaptics Drops 10% on Restructuring: Signs of Greater Competition, Says Dougherty - Barron's "
p2
aS'Synaptics, Incorporated Talks OLED Versus LCD Tech Motley Fool - Dec 22, 2016 Synaptics CEO Rick Bergman said the company expects &quot;the supply of OLED displays to start to expand meaningfully in late 2017 and continue to be featured primarily on flagship smartphones in 2018 due to its high cost versus LCD technology.'
p3
aS"Synaptics Incorporated Stock: A Value Investor's Dream? Motley Fool - Jun 25, 2016 Despite closing up 4.5% by the end of trading on June 23, Synaptics  shareholders are still feeling the ill effects of its most recent bout of bad news: paring its global workforce by an estimated 160 people, reducing its total headcount ..."
p4
aS'Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Synaptics, Incorporated  to &quot;Buy&quot; The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Synaptics, logo Synaptics, Incorporated  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday.Cwm LLC Sells 2685 Shares of Synaptics, Incorporated  - Sports PerspectivesAn Inside Look at Trading Hot Stocks: Synaptics Incorporated , Kforce ... - Post Analyst'
p5
aS"Will Synaptics Incorporated Win the Touch ID Spot Inside of the OLED Apple Inc ... Motley Fool - Jan 18, 2017 Arcuri reiterated those claims, and predicted that Apple may switch to [Synaptics' ] optical-based fingerprint reader for the new Touch ID sensor, citing it as &quot;currently the only workable solution&quot; for detecting a fingerprint through a ..."
p6
aS"Analyst Update: Twitter Inc, Synaptics, Incorporated, and Gigamon Inc Schaeffers Research  - Oct 28, 2016 Analysts are weighing in on social media stock Twitter Inc , Apple Inc.  supplier Synaptics, Incorporated , and IT issue Gigamon Inc . Here's a quick roundup of today's brokerage notes on TWTR,&nbsp;...Synaptics Reports Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2017 - GlobeNewswire Synaptics  Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'Traders Take Note: Synaptics Incorporated  Stock Drops, Weakness ... CML News - 22 hours ago Take Note: Synaptics Incorporated  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Synaptics Announces Multi-Factor Biometric Fusion Engine for Mobile Devices GlobeNewswire  - Jan 3, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif., Jan. 03, 2017  -- Synaptics Incorporated , the leading developer of human interface solutions, today announced a new multi-factor biometric fusion engine for more convenient security on smartphones,&nbsp;...Synaptics unveils new biometric solution combining facial and fingerprint ... - International Business Times UK'
p9
aS'Synaptics, Incorporated  Boosted On Huawei Smartphone News Scibility Media - Oct 7, 2016 The company produces a broad range of touch, display, and biometrics products and is a leader in their use as interfaces between humans and intelligent devices.Synaptics TouchView TDDI Featured on Samsung On5, On7 Smartphones - GlobeNewswire '
p10
a.