(lp0
S'Synacor to Present at Sidoti &amp; Company Spring 2017 Convention Business Wire  - Aug 18, 2015 BUFFALO, N.Y.----Synacor, Inc. , the trusted multiscreen technology and monetization partner for video, internet and communications providers, device manufacturers, and enterprises, today announced that Himesh Bhise,&nbsp;...Synacor Inc  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham &amp; Company LLC - Community Financial News'
p1
aS'Synacor, Inc. Announces Closing of Public Offering of Common Stock Yahoo Finance - Apr 11, 2017 Synacor, Inc.  , the trusted technology development, multiplatform services and revenue partner for video, internet and communications providers, device manufacturers, and enterprises, today announced the closing of its previously&nbsp;...The Short Interest in Synacor Inc  Declines By 6.7% - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Tz Holdings, Inc. is Buying Synacor Inc.  Shares Small Cap Exclusive  - Mar 28, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, Synacor, Inc. is a technology development, multiplatform services and revenue partner for video, Internet and communications providers, device manufacturers and enterprises.Synacor, Inc.  recently sold by insider Levy Jordan - Post AnalystCraig Hallum Initiates Coverage on Synacor Inc  - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS'Company Focus: Zooming in on Shares of Synacor, Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 17 hours ago Interested investors may be tracking the Piotroski F-Score. Synacor, Inc.  currently has a Piotroski F-Score of 4. The aim of the F-Score is to help discover companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to eliminate the poor performers.'
p4
aS'180 Degree Capital Corp. Announces an Investment in Synacor, Inc. Nasdaq - Apr 12, 2017 NEW YORK, April 12, 2017  -- 180 Degree Capital Corp. ,  announced today that it participated in the recent public offering by Synacor, Inc., purchasing 650,000 shares for a total investment of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Analysts Anticipate Synacor Inc  Will Announce Earnings of -$0.12 Per Share The Cerbat Gem - 6 hours ago Synacor logo Equities research analysts predict that Synacor Inc  will post  earnings per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports.Synacor Inc  Coverage Initiated at Craig Hallum - Sports PerspectivesAnalyst Activity  Rosenblatt Securities Reiterates Buy on Synacor  - Market Exclusive'
p6
aS"Unusual Activity Sighted in Synacor, Inc.  Shares The Herald - 9 hours ago Shares of Synacor, Inc.  are experiencing unusual volume during today's trading. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $3.55 at the time of writing."
p7
aS"BRIEF-Synacor Inc and Windstream expand their relationship with a multiyear ... Reuters - Mar 21, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Earnings Reaction History: Synacor Inc., 50.0% Follow-Through Indicator, 6.3 ... Nasdaq - Mar 15, 2017 Synacor Inc.  is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect light trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement.'
p9
aS"1 Analysts rated to Buy Synacor, Inc.  StandardOracle - Apr 7, 2017 Synacor, Inc.  lost -15.66% to reach $3.5 in the previous trading session. Overall, 2.67 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 113.54 Million shares.Trader's Roundup: Synacor Inc  - Post Registrar"
p10
a.