(lp0
S"Latest blockbusters may show up at home sooner The Columbus Dispatch - Mar 30, 2017 AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc., Regal Entertainment Group and Cinemark Holdings Inc., the largest theater owners in the U.S.Playing soon on a TV near you: Hollywood's latest blockbusters - The Denver Post"
p1
aS'Bio-Path Holdings  Looks Good: Stock Moves 13% Higher Zacks.com - 22 hours ago Bio-Path Holdings, Inc.  was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise over 13% on the day.'
p2
aS'Why Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. Jumped in March Motley Fool - Apr 7, 2017 Shares of Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc.  were moving higher last month, though there was little company-specific news out on the stock.'
p3
aS'Are Options Traders Betting on a Big Move in GNC Holdings  Stock ... Zacks.com - Feb 3, 2017 Investors in GNC Holdings, Inc.  need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately.'
p4
aS"Studios Seek to Offer Films Sooner Online Fox Business - Mar 27, 2017 A spokesman for its larger competitor, AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc., declined to comment. To compensate theaters for lost box office, studios may share 10% to 20% of premium VOD revenue with them if the window is less than 30 days after the cinema&nbsp;...Coming Soon to a TV Near You: Hollywood's Latest Blockbusters - Bloomberg"
p5
aS'Warner Bros. in Talks With Theaters to Put New Films in Homes Sooner Bloomberg - Nov 29, 2016 ... reduce piracy. Earlier this month, Mark Zoradi, CEO of Cinemark Holdings Inc., the third largest North American theater chain, said his company held preliminary talks with various studios about offering a window for home video releases at premium ...'
p6
aS"Sears Holdings Corp  Is Going Bankrupt and Has No Way Out Investorplace.com - Mar 7, 2017 Sears Holdings Corp  Is Going Bankrupt and Has No Way Out ... I do not see how embattled retailer Sears Holdings Corp  survives this one. ... Look at declining sales at Macy's, Inc  and Target Corporation ."
p7
aS'New Strong Buy Stocks for April 17th Zacks.com - 20 hours ago These 7 were hand-picked from the list of 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys with earnings estimate revisions that are sweeping upward.'
p8
aS"Henrik Lundqvist may return to Rangers sooner than expected New York Post - Mar 17, 2017 Alain Vigneault wasn't willing to say Henrik Lundqvist is ahead of schedule in returning from his hip injury suffered March 7 against the Panthers, but the Rangers' franchise goalie could be back sooner than expected. The coach said Lundqvist skated&nbsp;..."
p9
aS'Better Buy: Organovo Holdings, Inc. vs. United Therapeutics Corporation Motley Fool - Feb 22, 2017 These tissue models offer several advantages for drug developers, including the ability to detect toxicity much sooner than other alternatives.'
p10
a.