(lp0
S'Sypris Solutions, Inc. to Announce Fourth Quarter Financial Results, Host ... Nasdaq - Mar 17, 2017 Louisville, March 17, 2017  -- Sypris Solutions, Inc.  will provide an online, real-time webcast and rebroadcast of its conference call for the fourth quarter 2016 financial results on Tuesday, March 28, 2017.'
p1
aS'Sypris Solutions, Inc.  Experiencing Unusual Activity Mid-day The Herald - 15 hours ago Sypris Solutions, Inc.  shares are seeing unusual volume mid-trading session today. While the stock price moved along with the volume change, shares are touching $1.04.'
p2
aS'Sypris Solutions, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations and ... Market Exclusive - Mar 28, 2017 Sypris Solutions, Inc.  is a provider of outsourced services and specialty products. The Company offers a range of manufacturing, engineering, design and other technical services.Is Sypris Solutions Inc  As Financially Strong As It Appears Due To Its ... - Simply Wall StSypris Solutions, Inc.  loses confidence of 3 hedge fund managers - Post Analyst'
p3
aS"Sypris Solutions to sell or close Broadway plant Louisville Business First - Nov 30, 2016 In August, the company sold its Cyber Security Solutions business, part of its electronics division, to Massachusetts-based Analog Devices Inc. for about $42 million in cash. And last month, the company's president and CEO, Jeffrey Gill, was named to ..."
p4
aS"Louisville public company sells business unit for $42 million Louisville Business First - Aug 17, 2016 Louisville's Sypris Solutions Inc. just sold a significant chunk of business for about $42 million in cash. The manufacturing and technical services firm  sold its Cyber Security Solutions business, part of the Sypris Electronics division ...Sypris sale of cybersecurity unit affects Tampa employees - Tampa Bay Business Journal"
p5
aS'Dispute leads to layoffs, millions in lost revenue for Louisville manufacturer Louisville Business First - Apr 3, 2015 Sypris Solutions Inc. stands to lose nearly $200 million in revenue this year because of a dispute with what had been its largest customer.'
p6
aS'Sypris acquisition to close in September Louisville Business First - Aug 12, 2015 Sypris Solutions Inc. , a Louisville-based manufacturing and technical services firm, says it will close on its purchase of Reynolds Machine Co.'
p7
aS'Sypris Solutions: A Major Improvement In Valuation Is Flying Under The Radar ... Seeking Alpha - Nov 15, 2016 Major Catalyst - Sale of Cyber Security Unit Leaves Company Trading at Half Book Value In August 2016, Sypris Solutions  sold the Cyber Security Systems, or CSS unit of their Electronics business as an asset sale for $42m. This should&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Louisville public company names new chairman Louisville Business First - Oct 31, 2016 Sypris, a manufacturing and technical services firm , sold its Cyber Security Solutions business, part of the Sypris Electronics division, to Massachusetts-based Analog Devices Inc. for more than $40 million in August. The company was No.'
p9
aS"Louisville manufacturer's revenue dropped by more than half Louisville Business First - May 15, 2015 Louisville-based Sypris Solutions Inc. is continuing to see difficulty after recently losing its largest customer, Maumee, Ohio-based Dana Holding Corp."
p10
a.