(lp0
S'Tandy Brands plans to liquidate assets to pay off lenders Dallas Business Journal - Jan 31, 2014 After years of financial and operational losses, Dallas-based Tandy Brands Accessories Inc.  plans to sell its remaining assets to pay off $29 million in debt.'
p1
aS'Former Assets Of Bankrupt Tandy Brands Accessories Up For Sale PR Newswire  - Apr 2, 2014 ... and telecommunications equipment; complete cafeteria, fitness center and other assets from the corporate headquarters and distribution center of bankrupt fashion accessories manufacturer and marketer Tandy Brands Accessories, Inc. .'
p2
aS'Tandy Brands Announces Samsonite and American Tourister Licenses GlobeNewswire  - Dec 3, 2012 DALLAS, Dec. 3, 2012  -- Tandy Brands Accessories, Inc.  announced today that it has entered into a multi-year license agreement with Samsonite IP Holdings S.  r. l. to design, manufacture, market, distribute and sell&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Tandy Brands  Describes Events of Default on $29M Credit Pact StreetInsider.com  - Jan 30, 2014 As Tandy Brands Accessories, Inc.  has previously disclosed in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission  the Company, along with its subsidiaries H.A.'
p4
aS'Sally Beauty Holdings  CFO Flaherty Resigns StreetInsider.com - Sep 29, 2016 Prior to joining the Corporation, Ms. Minton served as the Principal Accounting Officer and Controller of Tandy Brands Accessories, Inc., a designer, manufacturer and marketer of leather goods, from October 2007 to August 2008 and as their Corporate&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Rock Creek Pharmaceuticals Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Petition Filed Bankrupt Company News   - Sep 28, 2016 Rock Creek Pharmaceuticals  and two wholly-owned subsidiaries filed for Chapter 7 protection with the U.S.'
p6
aS"Inside RadioShack's Slow-Motion Collapse Bloomberg - Feb 2, 2015 Tandy eschewed national brand names, instead setting up his own manufacturing network to sell private brands.RadioShack is gearing up to sell or shutter its stores, report says - PCWorldRadioShack Is On its Deathbed - PC Magazine"
p7
aS'Ex-Manchester City player who blamed Joey Barton for his spiral into addiction ... Daily Mail - Apr 22, 2016 A former Manchester City player who blamed former teammate Joey Barton for his spiral into addiction has been spared jail after a series of brutal attacks on his partner.'
p8
aS'Ex-Manchester City player is convicted of beating his girlfriend and blames ... Daily Mail - Dec 22, 2015 A former Manchester City footballer facing jail for repeatedly beating up his girlfriend has blamed former team-mate Joey Barton for his shocking crimes.'
p9
aS'Opportunity For Activism At Tandy Leather Seeking Alpha - Dec 12, 2015 Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. came to be in 2000 when the two most prominent leather retailers in North America, The Leather Factory and Tandy Corp., combined. Tandy Leather was formed in 1919 and has a long heritage and an industry-leading brand.'
p10
a.