(lp0
S'Transgenomic Closes Bridge Financing Business Wire  - 22 hours ago OMAHA, Neb.----Transgenomic, Inc.  today reported that it has received $1.15 million in proceeds from a note bridge financing.'
p1
aS'Transgenomic Inc  Could Be A Near Term Recovery Play Insider Financial - Feb 27, 2017 We looked at Transgenomic Inc  early January, in response to the company logging a 300% twenty four hour run on the back of a seemingly innocuous press release.'
p2
aS'SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Monteverde &amp; Associates PC Announces an Investigation of ... PR Newswire  - Feb 13, 2017 NEW YORK, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Juan Monteverde, founder and managing partner at Monteverde &amp; Associates PC, a boutique securities firm headquartered at the Empire State Building in New York City, is investigating Transgenomic, Inc.'
p3
aS"Transgenomic Inc  Is This Weeks Big Biotech Runner Insider Financial - Jan 13, 2017 We're always on the lookout for biotech runners, and one that's impossible to overlook right now is Transgenomic Inc . The company gained close to 300% on Thursday, and looks set to continue its run into the end of the week. The driver?Overbuying Stock in the Spotlight: Transgenomic Inc  - Post Registrar"
p4
aS'Transgenomic Inc  Might Be Just About To Announce Its Merger Close Insider Financial - Dec 14, 2016 Transgenomic Inc  is running up at the moment, despite no real fundamental developments, and currently sits more than 130% up on its November lows.Two Technology Stocks Are Hot: Transgenomic, Inc. , Teradyne, Inc.  - The Independent Republic'
p5
aS'Transgenomic and Precipio Diagnostics Announce Planned Merger Business Wire  - Oct 13, 2016 BUSINESS WIRE)--Transgenomic, Inc. , and privately-held Precipio Diagnostics, LLC today announced entry into a merger agreement, pursuant to which Precipio will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Transgenomic, and Transgenomic&nbsp;...Transgenomic, Precipio Diagnostics Ink Merger Agreement - GenomeWebTransgenomic, Precipio Diagnostics to Merge - Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News '
p6
aS'A Look Ahead For 2 Stocks: Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. , Transgenomic ... Post Analyst - 20 hours ago Turning to Transgenomic, Inc. , its shares were trading at $0.52 a retreat of $-0.03, on the trading floor.'
p7
aS"Transgenomic Acquires ScoliScore Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis Prognostic ... Business Wire  - Aug 28, 2012 OMAHA, Neb.----Transgenomic, Inc.  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the global rights to Axial Biotech's ScoliScore Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis  Prognostic Test for a ..."
p8
aS"Transgenomic, Inc.  Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant's ... Market Exclusive - Feb 24, 2017 Effective as of February 24, 2017, Transgenomic, Inc. , as approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors , engaged Marcum LLP  as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm to audit the&nbsp;..."
p9
aS"Transgenomic Announces Leading Clinical Laboratory Services Provider LifeLabs ... Business Wire  - Jan 12, 2017 OMAHA, Neb.----Transgenomic, Inc.  , today announced a licensing agreement with leading Canadian laboratory services provider LifeLabs, which has selected Transgenomic's ICE COLD-PCR  technology as&nbsp;...Transgenomic Inc.  Stock current Trends Analysis - TopChronicleTransgenomic  Stock: Soaring On Licensing Agreement - CNA Finance "
p10
a.