(lp0
S'The Royal Bank Of Canada Cuts TCF Financial Corporation  Price Target to ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 A number of other brokerages have also recently commented on TCB. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price objective on TCF Financial Corporation from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th.'
p1
aS"Revenue Approximations Analysis: KBR, Inc. , TCF Financial Corporation  StockNewsJournal - 18 hours ago TCF Financial Corporation , maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry's average.Time To Get Cautious? - TCF Financial Corporation , KBR, Inc.  - USA Commerce DailyStock Returns: Hancock Holding Company  is Beating TCF Financial ... - CML News"
p2
aS"What analysts think about TCF Financial Corporation's  growth? Simply Wall St - Apr 14, 2017 How is TCF Financial Corporation  going to perform in the future? What should potential investors be aware of? I'm going to look at the latest data and analyse the future of this stock in more detail.Brokers Issue New Targets On TCF Financial Corporation  - Fiscal StandardTCF Financial Co.  Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.32 Per Share - Sports Perspectives"
p3
aS'TCF Receives Financial Capability Award Presented by Nasdaq and EverFi Business Wire  - Apr 11, 2017 WAYZATA, Minn.----TCF Financial Corporation  today will be honored with its third, consecutive Innovation in Financial Education Award presented by Nasdaq and EverFi.'
p4
aS'TCF Financial Corporation  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 Equities.com - Mar 21, 2017 TCF Financial Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 21, as the stock lost 7% to close at $15.95. On the day, TCF Financial Corporation saw 3.06 million shares trade hands on 20,727 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a&nbsp;...Drilling Down Into TCF Financial Corporation  - StockNewsJournalHot Stock Overview: TCF Financial Corporation  - HugoPress'
p5
aS'What Makes TCF Financial  a Hot Pick for Investors Now? Yahoo Finance - Apr 5, 2017 TCF Financial Corporation TCB can be a solid bet now, on the back of its increasing loans and strong deposit mix, along with diligent expansion moves.TCF Financial Corporation: TCF to Announce First Quarter 2017 Earnings and ... - The Wall Street TranscriptMost Active Stock Update: TCF Financial Corporation  - HugoPress'
p6
aS'TCF Financial Becomes Oversold Nasdaq - Mar 21, 2017 But making TCF Financial Corp an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Tuesday, shares of TCB entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $16.02 per share.'
p7
aS'TCF Financial Corporation  Shouts Loudly With Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - Mar 23, 2017 The technicals for TCF Financial Corporation  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p8
aS"TCF Financial Corporation : Essential Chart Information NY Stock News - Mar 24, 2017 TCF Financial Corporation  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p9
aS"Featured Stock to Focus: TCF Financial Corporation  HugoPress - Apr 12, 2017 Deutsche Bank Downgrades TCF Financial Corporation 's stock to Hold with the price target of $20. This rating was issued on 1/20/17.Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. , TCF Financial Corporation  Stock Eyes ... - The USA CommerceYesterday's Consideration Mover: TCF Financial Corporation's  - Is stories"
p10
a.