(lp0
S'The Taubman Centers, Inc.  Shares Sold by Forward Management LLC Petro Global News 24 - Feb 6, 2017 Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. increased its position in Taubman Centers by 4.8% in the second quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. now owns 2 ...'
p1
aS"Stock Returns: Agree Realty Corporation  is Beating Taubman Centers ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Agree Realty Corporation  versus Taubman Centers Inc  .Taubman Centers'  &quot;Hold&quot; Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC - The Cerbat Gem"
p2
aS'Taubman Centers, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers The De Soto Edge - Jan 18, 2017 08/25/2016 - BTIG Research began new coverage on Taubman Centers, Inc. giving the company a  rating. 08/01/2016 - Taubman Centers, Inc. had its  rating reiterated by analysts at Credit Suisse. They now have a USD 85 price target on the stock.'
p3
aS"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Calls on Taubman Centers to Tighten Up or Explore Sale Wall Street Journal - Oct 18, 2016 A prominent real-estate investor is calling on Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators, to tighten its belt or explore selling itself.Land and Buildings Investment urges Taubman Centers to explore options - ReutersActivist Litt Said to Ask Taubman to Consider Sale, WSJ Says - Bloomberg"
p4
aS'Mystery REIT Shopper: Taubman Centers Seeking Alpha - Feb 10, 2017 The Mall is owned by The Forbes Company and Taubman Centers  and was designed by JPRA Architects and features award-winning lighting[ by Paul Gregory, glass elevators, and fountains.'
p5
aS'Land And Buildings Letter To Taubman Centers Seeking Alpha - Jan 24, 2017 In our well-informed opinion, Taubman Centers is severely undervalued, as a result of abysmal corporate governance, a bloated cost structure, inferior operating margins and a lack of capital allocation discipline.'
p6
aS"Activist Investor Targets Mall Operator Taubman Centers Wall Street Journal  - Mar 2, 2017 Activist investor Jonathan Litt's hedge fund on Thursday escalated its battle with the management of mall operator Taubman Centers Inc., putting forth two candidates for election to the board at the firm's annual meeting later this year. Land ...Taubman Centers boosts dividend by 5% - MarketWatchReal estate activist Litt launches proxy fight at Taubman - Reuters"
p7
aS"Investor Land &amp; Buildings Says Family's Stake in Taubman Centers May Violate ... Wall Street Journal - Dec 13, 2016 Activist investor Jonathan Litt is looking to break the controlling power of the Taubman family in Taubman Centers Inc., one of the nation's largest shopping mall operators.Activist: The &quot;Achilles Heel&quot; of Taubman family's control over Taubman Centers - Seeking AlphaLand and Buildings Issues Letter on the Achilles Heel of the Taubman Family's ... - Business Wire "
p8
aS'Decision Time: Taubman Centers Inc  Stock Technicals Hit Inflection ... CML News - 22 hours ago Decision Time: Taubman Centers Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p9
aS"Activist investor takes aim at Taubman board makeup Crain's Detroit Business - Oct 23, 2016 An activist investor in Connecticut says a shakeup of the Taubman Centers Inc. board of directors could be part of the remedy to what he sees as the severely underperforming stock of the Bloomfield Hills-based mall operator."
p10
a.