(lp0
S'Teledyne Technologies Inc.: Teledyne Completes Acquisition of e2v The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 28, 2017 THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. and CHELMSFORD, U.K. - March 28, 2017 - Teledyne Technologies Incorporated   and e2v technologies plc  jointly announced today the successful completion of the previously announced acquisition&nbsp;...Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p1
aS'Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  Stake Cut by Parametrica Management Ltd Markets Daily - 18 hours ago Teledyne Technologies logo Parametrica Management Ltd decreased its stake in Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  by 74.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission &nbsp;...Stock Returns: Hexcel Corporation  versus Teledyne Technologies ... - CML NewsJefferies Group Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Teledyne Technologies ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS'Company Spotlight on Shares of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  Baldwin Journal - 3 hours ago Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 4913602. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p3
aS"Will Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  Continue To Underperform Its ... Simply Wall St - Mar 21, 2017 Teledyne Technologies Incorporated's  13.2% ROE over the past year fell short of the performance averaged by the industry, which delivered 32.83% ROE in the same period."
p4
aS'Looking at the Levels for Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  BVN - Apr 17, 2017 Investors may be checking on some financial ratios for Teledyne Technologies Incorporated . Currently, the company has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.3023.'
p5
aS'Teledyne Technologies - Well-Timed Expansion Into The UK With The E2v Acquisition Seeking Alpha - Dec 14, 2016 The purchase of e2v certainly has potential to be accretive to investors going forward, in the spirit of Henry Templeton. While this deal, the overall strategy and track record is to be applauded, shares have gotten too expensive following a +40% run ...Teledyne to Acquire e2v - Business Wire Teledyne Technologies to acquire e2v - Vision Systems Design'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Engility Holdings Inc  versus Teledyne Technologies ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Engility Holdings Inc  versus Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of ...Zacks Investment Research Lowers Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  to Hold - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS"Teledyne acquires Hanson Research Corporation Seeking Alpha - Dec 6, 2016 Hanson Research's line of dissolution and diffusion instruments complement Teledyne's portfolio of laboratory instrumentation businesses, including Teledyne CETAC's automation systems, Teledyne Tekmar's sample preparation instruments, and Teledyne&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Teledyne Technologies  Secures $10M Contract from French Space Agency StreetInsider.com - Mar 20, 2017 Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  announced today that its subsidiary, Teledyne Scientific &amp; Imaging, LLC , was awarded a $9.98 million contract from the French Space Agency, the Centre National d'tudes Spatiales ,&nbsp;...Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  Files An 8-K Entry into a ... - Market Exclusive2685 Shares in Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  Acquired by Credit ... - BNB Daily "
p9
aS"Technical Update on Shares of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  Providence Standard - 12 hours ago Investors keeping an eye on shares of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated  may be analyzing the company's FCF or Free Cash Flow."
p10
a.