(lp0
S'Emera Announces Closures of $6.5B TECO Energy  Acquisition StreetInsider.com - Jul 1, 2016 Emera Inc. announced that it has completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares of TECO Energy, Inc.  for approximately US$6.5 billion .Emera completes acquisition of TECO Energy, which will still be called TECO Energy - Tampabay.comDone deal: Emera buys TECO - Tampa Bay Business Journal'
p1
aS'Emera to Acquire TECO Energy  for $27.55/Share StreetInsider.com - Sep 4, 2015 Emera Inc. and TECO Energy, Inc.  today announced a definitive agreement for Emera to acquire TECO Energy, creating a North American energy leader, with over US$20 billion of assets and more than 2.4 million electric and gas customers.Emera to buy Florida utility Teco Energy for $6.5-billion - The Globe and Mail'
p2
aS'Company Outlook on TECO Energy, Inc.  : Analyst Consensus in Focus The Herald - Apr 17, 2017 Out of the N/A covering Wall Street analysts providing share ratings for TECO Energy, Inc. , N/A have rated the stock as a Strong Buy while N/A analysts have the stock listed as a Buy.'
p3
aS"Teco Energy Confirms It's Exploring Sale; Shares Surge Bloomberg - Jul 16, 2015 Teco Energy Inc., owner of the power utility in Tampa, Florida, said it's considering a potential sale as the industry faces increasing costs to meet new environmental rules.TECO Energy Responds to Market Rumors - Business Wire TECO Energy exploring sale of company - TBO.com"
p4
aS'TECO Energy Stock Up 24% on Buyout Announcement: Read This Before Selling Your ... Motley Fool - Sep 8, 2015 What: Shares of TECO Energy, Inc  are up more than 24% today, on news that it will be acquired by Canadian utility Emera, Incorporated.Emera Inc. to get $1.9B to help pay for TECO Energy purchase - CBC.caTECO Energy  Stock Jumps on Emera Deal - TheStreet.com'
p5
aS'TECO Energy, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for May 12, 2016 Nasdaq - May 11, 2016 TECO Energy, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on May 12, 2016. A cash dividend payment of $0.23 per share is scheduled to be paid on May 27, 2016.'
p6
aS"Emera Inc upgraded on Teco Energy deal Financial Post - Sep 29, 2015 Emera Inc.'s acquisition of Teco Energy Inc. adds size, expertise and, perhaps most importantly, a new growth platform for the Canadian energy utility."
p7
aS'Canadian Company in process of buying TECO Energy Inc. Observer News - Dec 17, 2015 teco-energy-inc-logo Shareholders of TECO Energy Inc. voted Dec. 4 to approve a proposed sale of the company to Emera Inc., based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.'
p8
aS"TECO Energy Declares Pro-Rated Dividend Business Wire  - Jun 22, 2016 TAMPA, Fla.----In preparation for the expected closing of the merger of TECO Energy, Inc.  with Emera US Inc., a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Emera Incorporated , in accordance with the agreement and plan of&nbsp;...One of NM's biggest-ever acquisition deals is finally about to close - Albuquerque Business First"
p9
aS'TECO Energy Closes the Sale of Its TECO Coal Subsidiary Business Wire  - Sep 21, 2015 TAMPA, Fla.----TECO Energy Inc.  today announced that it has closed the sale of its coal mining subsidiary, TECO Coal LLC, to Cambrian Coal Corporation, a Booth Energy company.Angry TECO shareholders file suit, say sale price not high enough - TBO.comTECO dumps its coal business  and may get nothing for it - Tampabay.com '
p10
a.