(lp0
S'Wisconsin Energy completes acquisition of Integrys to form WEC Energy Group PR Newswire  - Jun 29, 2015 MILWAUKEE, June 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Wisconsin Energy Corporation announced today it has completed the acquisition of Integrys Energy - forming the WEC Energy Group . The new company will ... Budney, 68, is the former president and ...We Energies completes acquisition of WPS, Integrys - Green Bay Press GazetteWisconsin Energy Completes $9.1B Integrys Acquisition - Natural Gas Intelligence'
p1
aS'WEC invests $230 million in natural gas storage site Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Feb 1, 2017 The acquisition of Bluewater Gas Storage near Detroit was announced Wednesday by Allen Leverett, president and chief executive of Milwaukee-based WEC Energy Group Inc. Every winter, WEC subsidiaries We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service have ...WEC Energy Group: A High Quality, High Dividend Growth Utility - Seeking Alpha'
p2
aS'Wisconsin Commission Oks Wisconsin Energy  Acquisition of Integrys Energy ... StreetInsider.com - May 21, 2015 The Public Service Commission of Wisconsin  today gave formal written approval to the acquisition of Integrys Energy Group, Inc.  by Wisconsin Energy Corp. . The companies announced the proposed acquisition in June of&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"Wisconsin Energy Corp to Acquire Integrys Energy for $9.1B  Dividend.com - Jun 23, 2014 Wisconsin Energy Corp  announced on Monday that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Integrys Energy Group, Inc.  for $9.1 billion.Wisconsin Energy  to Acquire Integrys  in $9.1B Deal - StreetInsider.com We Energies' parent company buying WPS parent for $9.1 billion - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel"
p4
aS"WEC Earnings Call Highlights Natural Gas Efforts RTO Insider - Feb 7, 2017 While year-over-year net income climbed about $300 million thanks to its Integrys acquisition, WEC Energy Group's fourth-quarter earnings call focused largely on the company's natural gas initiatives.Upper Michigan Source of NatGas Growth for WEC Energy Group - Natural Gas Intelligence"
p5
aS'Corporation of the Year: WEC Energy Group BizTimes.com  - Dec 14, 2015 This acquisition was far more about growth than about cost savings, said Gale Klappa, chairman and chief executive officer of WEC. The investment needs and the investment opportunities of the combined companies in terms of modernizing the energy&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Leverett to succeed Klappa at helm of WEC Energy Group Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Jan 28, 2016 Gale Klappa recalls that when he recruited Allen Leverett - an executive he had worked with at Georgia Power Co. in Atlanta - to Wisconsin Energy Corp. shortly after Klappa himself arrived in Milwaukee in 2003, he had a feeling he was hiring the ...Klappa to retire from WEC Energy - BizTimes.com Gale Klappa sets May 1 retirement from WEC Energy; Leverett promoted to CEO - Milwaukee Business Journal'
p7
aS'Taking Charge Of My Own Retirement, Part 2 - WEC Energy Group Seeking Alpha - Jan 6, 2017 Using the metrics I believe will help identify safe dividend stocks, I identified WEC and Consolidated Edison as two utility stocks worthy of further investigation.'
p8
aS'Alliant, WEC Energy agree to co-own $700 million power plant plus renewable ... Milwaukee Journal Sentinel  - Dec 17, 2015 Alliant Energy Corp. and the two utilities owned by Milwaukee-based WEC Energy Group Inc. have agreed to co-own two natural gas power plants and renewable energy projects that could be built in Wisconsin over the next 15 years.'
p9
aS'Utility M&amp;A: The New, New Thing Investing Daily - May 22, 2015 And the pending acquisition by Wisconsin Energy Corp.  of smaller, higher-growth utility Integrys Energy Group Inc.  is an excellent example of a larger utility seeking new growth.'
p10
a.