(lp0
S'The Fresh Market announces closure of 13 locations across the US, including ... Chron.com - May 3, 2016 RELATED: Why The Fresh Market, Inc. Stock Gained 24% in March. They are hoping to bolster the remaining stores in the aftermath of these closures.The Fresh Market is closing all its stores in Texas - Dallas Morning NewsThe Fresh Market to shutter its four North Texas stores - Dallas Business Journal'
p1
aS"Apollo to Buy Grocer Fresh Market for $1.4 Billion in Cash Bloomberg - Mar 14, 2016 Apollo Global Management LLC agreed to buy grocer The Fresh Market Inc. for about $1.4 billion in cash, marking the buyout firm's third announced acquisition of more than $1 billion since the start of February.The Fresh Market Soars on Buyout Deal - Motley FoolOne of the largest organic grocery stores was just acquired for $1.3 billion ... - Business Insider"
p2
aS'Why The Fresh Market, Inc. Stock Gained 24% in March Motley Fool - Apr 7, 2016 So what: Talk of The Fresh Market being acquired first circulated in February when reports revealed that Kroger Inc was competing to take over the struggling grocery chain.'
p3
aS"Moody's assigns first time B2 CFR to The Fresh Market Moodys.com   - Apr 15, 2016 New York, April 15, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service today assigned a B2 Corporate Family Rating and B2-PD probability of default rating to The Fresh Market, Inc. Moody's also assigned a Ba2 rating to the company's proposed $100 million revolving ..."
p4
aS'Brower Piven Announces the Filing of a Class Action Lawsuit on Behalf of the ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 3, 2017 ... A Professional Corporation, announces it has commenced a class action in the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina on behalf of those who held the common stock of The Fresh Market, Inc.  (The Fresh ...'
p5
aS"What's the Valuation of The Fresh Market Deal? Market Realist - Mar 16, 2016 On March 14, 2016, Apollo Global Management  and The Fresh Market  announced that they entered into a definitive agreement.Acquisition of The Fresh Market could spell trouble for Publix - Tampa Bay Business JournalThe Fresh Market Inc  Buyout: What This Means for SFM, WFM and KR - Investorplace.com"
p6
aS'The Fresh Market revamping Winston-Salem store Winston-Salem Journal - Oct 21, 2016 The company plans the expanded offerings at the Robinhood location and two Greensboro stores, the company said in a news release. The Fresh Market will renovate and reopen its stores in Charlotte, Raleigh and Durham with expanded products on Nov.'
p7
aS'The Fresh Market no longer plans to open in the Shoppes at Shoal Creek Kansas City Star  - Apr 28, 2016 The Fresh Market Inc., which was founded in 1982, is a high-growth specialty retailer focusing on fresh, premium perishables and other high-quality food products.'
p8
aS"The Fresh Market to shut its Shaker Heights store Crain's Cleveland Business - Jul 27, 2016 The Fresh Market food store in Shaker Heights will close and plans to replace it at a nearby location were dropped by the Greensboro, N.C."
p9
aS"The Fresh Market Adopts ReposiTrak Food Safety Compliance Management Solution GlobeNewswire  - Jan 4, 2017 SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 04, 2017  -- Park City Group's ReposiTrak Inc., the leading provider of Compliance Management and Track &amp; Trace solutions for food, pharma and dietary supplement safety, announces that The Fresh Market, Inc."
p10
a.