(lp0
S'Tikit announces record year for mid-market legal tech sales Legal Futures - Mar 8, 2017 Richard Higgs, Sales Director at Tikit, said we have seen a significant increase in the uptake of our P4W practice and case management system this year; particularly amongst firms in the 100-500 user sector.'
p1
aS'Tikit continues to see an increase in iManage wins Legal Futures - Mar 7, 2017 Tikit, part of the BT Group and leading provider of technology solutions for law and professional services firms, has today announced a number of key new iManage wins in the EMEA region.'
p2
aS'Boosting agility and efficiencies through technology and soft skills  a guide ... Legal Week - Jun 1, 2016 Gareth Tipton is group director, ethics and compliance, and COO for legal, governance and compliance, at BT. Tikit is one of the largest suppliers of technology solutions and services to legal and professional services firms, and is part of BT Group.'
p3
aS'Autonomy deals raise questions as HP row escalates The Guardian - Aug 24, 2014 The news comes as a San Francisco court prepares to rule on Monday whether a group of HP shareholders can settle a dispute with the US tech firm over the Autonomy transaction.'
p4
aS"Unlocking the benefits of practice and case management tools Legal Week - Jun 1, 2016 ... business, it is vital to maximise the features it offers when the firm does change and grow. Tikit is one of the world's largest and most established providers of technology solutions and services to legal and professional service firms, and is ..."
p5
aS"Recep Tayyip Erdogan seeks to break links with Turkey's past Financial Times - Sep 5, 2014 Everyone in Ankara knew this was [Erdogan's] dream, Ozcan Tikit, a pro-government columnist, said of the new building, hailing the new construction as stupendous."
p6
aS"The i-Team: The client perspective on AI Legal Business  - Nov 4, 2015 Similarly, BT's legal team is in the process of implementing a case-management system, having first showed its interest in the legal tech realm in 2012 when it acquired Tikit Group, one of the largest independent suppliers of technology and services to ..."
p7
aS'Powerball winning numbers and results live: winning ticket for $1.6bn US ... Telegraph.co.uk - Jan 13, 2016 Contact us &middot; Privacy and Cookies &middot; Advertising &middot; Fantasy Football &middot; Tickets &middot; Announcements &middot; Reader Prints &middot; Follow Us &middot; Apps &middot; Epaper &middot; Expat &middot; Promotions &middot; Subscriber &middot; Syndication.'
p8
aS"Dragon's cloud computing firm lists with Soros among investors CITY A.M. - May 24, 2013 Pinder has been at Investec for 11 years, and has recently worked on deals including BT's acquisition of legal services firm Tikit, as well as acting as a long-term adviser to software firm Idox. Pinder joined Investec in April 2002 having previously ..."
p9
aS"Investors rally to NVM's funding offer The Journal - Aug 30, 2013 There have also been some profitable exits from the portfolio, with the sales of Paladin Group, Interlube Systems, Tikit Group and IG Doors taking place in the same period, delivering combined income and capital proceeds of over 27m. Mauro Biagioni&nbsp;..."
p10
a.