(lp0
S"Titus power plant Luminant in suit over tax appraisals Longview News-Journal - Aug 8, 2016 In the Panhandle, Valero Energy Corp. sued Moore County five years in a row to avoid paying its full property tax bill for a refinery it bought in 2003.Luminant objects to Titus County Appraisal District's valuation of Monticello ... - Southeast Texas Record"
p1
aS'Impact of US Clean Power Plan unclear Reading Eagle - Aug 20, 2015 The major players in the energy and environmental sectors have been slowly making their way through the more than 1,500-page plan.'
p2
aS"Inside solar's secret society Environment & Energy Publishing - Sep 6, 2016 Others in small-scale solar are Titus Brenninkmeijer, an heir to a German clothing fortune who backs clean energy projects, and Richard Hansen, an engineer who focuses on rural Latin America."
p3
aS"Powering Down The Texas Observer - Jul 25, 2016 Earlier that month, Titus County's biggest taxpayer, Luminant Corp., had dropped a fiscal bomb on the district, where 84 percent of students are considered economically disadvantaged and 68 percent are Hispanic: It claimed its aging Monticello coal ..."
p4
aS"Western Pa.'s coal site 'monstrosities' re-envisioned Tribune-Review - Aug 21, 2016 NRG Energy's Elrama Power Plant and FirstEnergy Corp. ... power plant owners, the department has identified 10 former coal-fired power plant sites as prime candidates - including Elrama, Mitchell, the Cromby Generating Station that Exelon closed in ..."
p5
aS'UFAD Systems Offer Comfort, Flexibility, Energy Savings Contracting Business - Nov 29, 2016 Where a traditional overhead mixed system provides comfort-conditioned air from the floor to the ceiling, partially mixed systems like UFAD save energy by providing comfort-conditioning in the lower occupied spatial zone. They allow the upper zone to ...'
p6
aS"Climate hawks win some, lose some in Dem platform fight Politico - Jun 27, 2016 A Democratic Convention official tells ME, &quot;In contrast to the 2012 platform, the 2016 platform does not talk about an 'all of the above' energy strategy and instead focuses on accelerating the transition to a clean energy economy.&quot; Maya Harris, the ..."
p7
aS'ZEN Energy and Santos push new solar, gas power station in Upper Spencer Gulf The Advertiser - Mar 13, 2017 ZEN Energy chief executive Geoff Titus said preparatory work on the grid-level battery integration technology had been completed and the project could be implemented in time to play a major role in the stabilisation of SA electricity supply next summer.SA power partnership: Zen Energy, Santos join forces - The Australian'
p8
aS"Titus at the Reamus Youth Theatre The Maitland Mercury - Aug 16, 2016 But Reamus reforged history, flipping the lead role's gender. Confident female leads Maddy Lardner , Samantha Lambert  and Milly Lambert  assert their dominance on stage and bring their characters' anguish and torment ..."
p9
aS"Dem mocks Trump's 'short fingers' on House floor The Hill  - May 24, 2016 Titus concluded her remarks by taking aim at a sore topic for Trump. We say to Mr. Trump: Keep your short fingers out of the Nevada housing market, she said."
p10
a.