(lp0
S'The TJX Companies, Inc.   Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of TJX. Chicago Equity Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of TJX Companies, Inc.  during the second quarter worth $1,398,000. First Citizens Bank &amp; Trust Co. increased&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'The Allegis Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. Signaturefd LLC increased its position in shares of TJX Companies, Inc.  by 4.0% in the second quarter. Signaturefd LLC now owns 1,641 shares of the apparel and ...'
p2
aS'Why TJX Companies, Inc.  Stock Should Be Part of Your Portfolio Investorplace.com - Apr 11, 2017 Why TJX Companies Inc  Stock Should Be Part of Your Portfolio Armed with a versatile brand portfolio, the company has been taking initiatives like product innovation, marketing campaigns and sales enhancing measures to sustain momentum.Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in TJX Companies Inc  - The Cerbat GemThe TJX Companies, Inc. closed with a change of 1.28% in the Previous Trading ... - Free Observer'
p3
aS'The TJX Companies, Inc. Announces 20% Increase in Common Stock Dividend Yahoo Finance - Apr 4, 2017 The TJX Companies, Inc. , the leading off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions in the U.S. and worldwide, today announced that its Board of Directors has raised the amount of its quarterly dividend by 20% from the last dividend paid.The TJX Companies, Inc. declares regular quarterly dividend of $.3125 per share - EPR Retail News Watch Point Trust Co Decreases Position in TJX Companies Inc  - The Cerbat Gem'
p4
aS"Why I'm Building My Position In TJX Seeking Alpha - Apr 6, 2017 After 5 years, a 90% increase in share price and a dividend that has more than doubled, I am finally giving into temptation and building a position in TJX Companies . With a business model that is clearly stealing share from competitors and ..."
p5
aS"TJX Companies Belongs On Every Dividend Investor's Watch List Seeking Alpha - Mar 24, 2017 Using Warren Buffett's value investing guidelines as a filter, I have found TJX Companies  to be a slightly overvalued high-quality company with an astonishing record of consistent performance and growth. I have added it to my watch list and ..."
p6
aS'BRIEF-TJX Companies Inc announces 20% increase in common stock dividend Reuters - Apr 4, 2017 NEW YORK, April 10 Bill Hinshaw is not a typical 75-year-old. He divides his time between his family - he has 32 grandchildren and great-grandchildren - and helping U.S.'
p7
aS'Private Bank &amp; Trust Co. Purchases 4295 Shares of TJX Companies Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 20 hours ago TJX Companies logo Private Bank &amp; Trust Co. boosted its position in TJX Companies Inc  by 110.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.TJX Companies Inc  PT Set at $82.00 by Royal Bank of Canada - Sports PerspectivesAnalysts Watch on Price Target Estimates: TJX Companies Inc  - Post Registrar'
p8
aS'The TJX Companies, Inc.  Makes Compelling Case Using Its Technical Chart Data NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 The TJX Companies, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p9
aS"Can We Learn Anything From The Technical Chart of The TJX Companies, Inc. ? NY Stock News - 17 hours ago The TJX Companies, Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p10
a.