(lp0
S"The Crestwood Advisors LLC Decreases Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 31, 2017 Mycio Wealth Partners LLC raised its position in shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific by 1.6% in the second quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 711 shares of the company's stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Establishes Institute of Pathology at University ... Yahoo Finance - 6 hours ago CARLSBAD, Calif., April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Thermo Fisher Scientific has signed an agreement with the Institute of Medical Genetics and Pathology at University Hospital Basel, Switzerland, to establish the leading institution as the first partner ...'
p2
aS"THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC.  Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure Market Exclusive - 22 hours ago Effective January 1, 2017, to further align our products and commercial teams to better serve our customers, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  transferred its plastics for cell culture and vaccines/biologics; sample preparation and analysis ...Latest Updates :Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at ... - Hot Stocks PointResearch Reports Initiation on Medical Laboratories Stocks -- Agilent, Thermo ... - PR Newswire "
p3
aS'Univest Corp Of Pennsylvania Buys Thermo Fisher Scientific, Facebook ... Nasdaq - Apr 11, 2017 Univest Corp Of Pennsylvania initiated holdings in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. The purchase prices were between $140.98 and $161.05, with an estimated average price of $152.84.'
p4
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific to Hold Earnings Conference Call on Wednesday, April ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 31, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , the world leader in serving science, announced that it will release its financial results for the first quarter before the market opens on Wednesday, April 26, 2017, and will hold a conference call on the same day ...'
p5
aS'The Case for and Against Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Apr 14, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  is an interesting player in the Healthcare space, with a focus on Medical Laboratories &amp; Research.Dodge &amp; Cox Invests $7.055 Million in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  - The Cerbat GemNew Jersey Resources Corporation , Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO ... - The USA Commerce'
p6
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Showcases Integrated Analytical Workflows During ... European Pharmaceutical Review - Mar 21, 2017 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., the world leader in serving science, announced a line-up of new products at the 2017 Pittcon Conference and Exhibition that enable application-specific workflows for pharma/biopharma, materials science, and environmental ...'
p7
aS'The Technicals For Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  Tell An Interesting Tale NY Stock News - Apr 7, 2017 The technicals for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p8
aS'Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.: Thermo Fisher Scientific and the Cell and Gene ... The Wall Street Transcript - Mar 21, 2017 LONDON----To help address the challenges surrounding supply chain management for cell and gene therapy around the globe, Thermo Fisher Scientific, the world leader in serving science, today announced a collaboration with the Cell&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Analyst Research Update on Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc  The Herald - 21 hours ago Investors have the ability to follow analyst projections in order to help compile valuable company information. Out of the 12 covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc , 12 have shares listed as a ...'
p10
a.