(lp0
S'Tompkins Financial Corp Buys Vanguard Value ETF - DNQ, Sysco, Harris, Sells ... GuruFocus.com - 18 hours ago Ithaca, NY, based Investment company Tompkins Financial Corp buys Vanguard Value ETF - DNQ, Sysco, Harris, Wal-Mart Stores, Dominion Resources, iShares MSCI EAFE, Microsoft, SPDR Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Bond, Altria Group, Oracle, sells&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Tompkins Financial Corp. to start work on new downtown Ithaca HQ The Ithaca Voice - May 31, 2016 ITHACA, N.Y. -- Tompkins Financial Corporation will be starting construction of their new downtown office in the coming weeks.'
p2
aS"Tompkins Financial Corporation Begins Construction On Downtown Ithaca Headquarters Lansing Star - Jun 24, 2016 &quot;As an organization, we've always been committed to the communities we serve,&quot; said Steve Romaine, president and CEO of Tompkins Financial Corporation at a press event last Friday. &quot;This building is representative of our commitment to downtown Ithaca,&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Tompkins Financial Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for April 07 Equities.com - Apr 7, 2017 Tompkins Financial Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 07, as the stock gained 0.85% to close at $79.86.Brokers Change Their Target Price On Tompkins Financial Corporation  - Fiscal Standard'
p4
aS'Traders Take Note: Tompkins Financial Corporation  Stock Drops ... CML News - Apr 15, 2017 Take Note: Tompkins Financial Corporation  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Tompkins Financial Corporation Names Brian Howard as New President of Tompkins ... Business Wire  - Aug 1, 2016 ITHACA, N.Y.----Tompkins Financial Corporation  - Tompkins Financial announces that Brian A. Howard has been named president of Tompkins Financial Advisors, the wealth management division of the company, with&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Tompkins Financial is Oversold Nasdaq - Mar 22, 2017 But making Tompkins Financial Corp an even more interesting and timely stock to look at, is the fact that in trading on Wednesday, shares of TMP entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $78.28 per share.'
p7
aS"Stock Returns: State Bank Financial Corporation  versus Tompkins ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for State Bank Financial Corporation  versus Tompkins Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Tompkins Financial Corporation  Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week - Fiscal StandardShareholders Traded Stock: Tompkins Financial Corporation's  has stock ... - Street Updates"
p8
aS'Broadcom Ltd  Shares Bought by Tompkins Financial Corp Community Financial News - 18 hours ago Broadcom logo Tompkins Financial Corp increased its stake in Broadcom Ltd  by 10.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.'
p9
aS"Stock Returns: People's United Financial Inc  versus Tompkins ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for People's United Financial Inc  versus Tompkins Financial Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months."
p10
a.