(lp0
S'Triangle Petroleum Corporation  Is Due For A Rebound Insider Financial - Apr 9, 2017 Today, we should talk about the independent energy company Triangle Petroleum Corporation , since it may benefit from the recent spike in the oil price.Which insiders are selling Triangle Petroleum Corporation ? - Post Analyst'
p1
aS'Why Triangle Petroleum Corporation Bucked the Trend and Surged 17% in August Motley Fool - Sep 2, 2015 What: Triangle Petroleum Corporation  took its investors on a roller-coaster ride in August. The stock surged, stalled, and then surged again ending the month up 17%.'
p2
aS"BRIEF-Triangle Petroleum Corp says TUSA, its units filed with bankruptcy court ... Reuters - Mar 24, 2017 Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p3
aS'Triangle Petroleum Corporation Provides Update on Its Review of Strategic ... PR Newswire  - Jun 30, 2016 DENVER, June 29, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Triangle Petroleum Corporation  today provided an update on its evaluation of strategic alternatives and announced other corporate matters in conjunction with the filing by its&nbsp;...Triangle Petroleum shares crater on subsidiary bankruptcy filing - The Denver PostTriangle Petroleum unit files for Chapter 11; TPLM not included in filing - Seeking Alpha'
p4
aS'Triangle Petroleum Corporation Receives Delisting Notice From NYSE MKT PR Newswire  - Mar 28, 2017 DENVER, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Triangle Petroleum Corporation  announced today that the Company received a notice from the NYSE MKT LLC  that the NYSE MKT has determined to commence&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Triangle Petroleum Near the End of the Road  Investopedia - Dec 9, 2016 As part of its debt restructuring plan, approved November 15th, Triangle paid off its revolving credit facility in full and converted the 6.75% senior notes due 2022 issued by its subsidiary Triangle USA Petroleum Corporation  into equity for ...'
p6
aS'Triangle Petroleum: Facing A Critical Deadline Seeking Alpha - May 30, 2016 While Triangle Petroleum Corporation has not released any statement regarding the results of its restructuring effort, there are multiple signs that the outcome may indeed be unfavorable to the existing TPLM shareholders.'
p7
aS"Triangle Petroleum: The Worst Concerns Validated Seeking Alpha - Apr 18, 2016 The worst credit concerns for Triangle Petroleum  materialized. The company's move to fully draw down the credit line at the E&amp;P subsidiary and disclosures in the company's 10-K filing indicate that a reorganization may be difficult to avoid."
p8
aS"Triangle Petroleum says TUSA debtors emerge from Chapter 11 Seeking Alpha - Mar 27, 2017 Triangle Petroleum  on Friday disclosed that Triangle USA Petroleum's plan of reorganization became effective, providing for payment in full in cash of TUSA debtors' revolving credit facility, and TUSA debtors emerged from Chapter 11 as&nbsp;...TRIANGLE PETROLEUM CORPORATION  Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive"
p9
aS"Major Concerns For Triangle Petroleum Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2016 Triangle's April 14th 10-K filing signals the end is approaching without a significant price rebound. The company's RockPile pressure pumping subsidiary is in default and has no foreseeable cures."
p10
a.