(lp0
S"Catalyst Biosciences Inc  Is Today's Biotech Focus Insider Financial - Apr 13, 2017 Catalyst Biosciences, Inc. , the clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, just received a milestone payment with completion of Investigational New Drug  approval enabling toxicology studies.Catalyst Biosciences Inc  Shares Soar on Key Milestone Achievement for ... - Smarter Analyst"
p1
aS'Catalyst Biosciences Announces Emergence from Key Patent Opposition Period ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 30, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 30, 2017  -- Catalyst Biosciences, Inc.,  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel medicines to address hematology indications, today announced&nbsp;...'
p2
aS"Catalyst Biosciences Announces IND Approval in South Korea for Next-Generation ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 28, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 28, 2017  -- Catalyst Biosciences, Inc. , a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel medicines to address hematology indications, today announced&nbsp;...Catalyst Biosciences Inc.  Is Soaring After South Korean Approval - RTT NewsTuesday's Market Insights: Catalyst Biosciences Inc , Ocean Rig UDW Inc ... - Smarter Analyst"
p3
aS'Catalyst Biosciences  Prices Common Stock and Warrant Offering for Gross ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 7, 2017 Catalyst Biosciences, Inc. , a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel medicines to address hematology indications, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of units for gross proceeds of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Catalyst Biosciences Announces Pricing of $18 Million Underwritten Public Offering GlobeNewswire  - Apr 7, 2017 SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., April 07, 2017  -- Catalyst Biosciences, Inc. , a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel medicines to address hematology indications, today announced&nbsp;...Catalyst Biosciences Inc  Continues Slide on Announcement - StockNewsUnionEquity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for CyrusOne Inc. (CONE ... - The USA Commerce"
p5
aS"Catalyst Biosciences Inc: Sinks on pricing of public offering Times of India - Apr 7, 2017 ... ** Drug developer's shares sink 23.5 pct to $5.62 premarket after pricing of $18 mln public offering. ** Co says class A units offering priced at $5 apiece; each unit consists of one common stock and 5-yr warrant to buy half a common stock."
p6
aS'Catalyst Biosciences ending future research, eliminating half of workforce Winston-Salem Journal - Sep 7, 2016 The biopharmaceutical company that holds the remaining cash of defunct Targacept Inc. said Wednesday it is foregoing future research to focus on two drugs in its development pipeline.'
p7
aS'Catalyst Biosciences  Enters Agreement with Wyeth StreetInsider.com - Dec 14, 2016 On December 8, 2016, Catalyst Biosciences, Inc.  entered into a definitive agreement  with Wyeth LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pfizer Inc.  following the June 1, 2015 termination of the research and license&nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Today's Research Reports on Biotech Stocks to Watch: Catalyst Biosciences and ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 30, 2017 NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / March 30, 2017 / The markets weren't really what you would call bullish yesterday. Barring a few, most of the stocks seeing changes of as little as 0.2-0.5%, either in the green or the red."
p9
aS"Are Traders Shorting Catalyst Biosciences, Inc.  Shares? Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago Based on the latest filings with the SEC, investors are looking at Catalyst Biosciences, Inc. 's short data and trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving.Catalyst Biosciences, Inc.  Climbs 8.13% in Pre-Market - Benchmark MonitorCatalyst Biosciences Inc  Upgraded to &quot;Strong-Buy&quot; at Zacks Investment ... - BBNS"
p10
a.