(lp0
S"Zillow Group, Inc.  Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research The Cerbat Gem - Feb 7, 2017 Its portfolio of consumer brands consists of Zillow, Trulia, StreetEasy and HotPads. The company's business brands includes ActiveRain, Diverse Solutions, Market Leader, Mortech, Postlets and Retsly."
p1
aS'Zillow to buy Trulia for $3.5 billion Chicago Tribune - Jul 28, 2014 Zillow Inc. announced plans Monday to acquire Trulia Inc. in a $3.5 billion stock deal that will combine two behemoths in the online home purchase and rental search business.Zillow to Acquire Trulia for $3.5 Billion in Stock - BloombergTrulia Inc  Zillow Inc  Would Dominante In RE Search - ValueWalk'
p2
aS"3 Reasons to Choose Zillow Inc Over Trulia Inc Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2014 Yet, some investors are concerned that competitor Trulia  will overtake Zillow's market share. While you should be mindful of the competition, I believe folks are underestimating Zillow's leadership, strategy, and overall strength as a business."
p3
aS'Zillow Group, Inc. Impresses a Year After the Trulia Acquisition Motley Fool - May 12, 2016 One of my processes in evaluating an investment opportunity is to go back to previous earnings calls and management interviews to observe if the management team is executing on past promises.'
p4
aS'Zillow Seen Dominating US Home Searches With Trulia Bloomberg - Jul 24, 2014 A Zillow Inc. purchase of Trulia Inc. would create a dominant search website for U.S. house hunters, reshaping an online industry the companies helped popularize.Zillow and Trulia are reportedly near merger agreement - Los Angeles TimesTrulia Inc  and Zillow  Shares Spike after Talk of ... - Stocks.org'
p5
aS'Shares of Move Inc. jump on speculation of Trulia buyout GeekWire - Jun 17, 2014 According to a Benzinga report citing an unnamed source, San Francisco-based Trulia could be angling to buy Move Inc. for as much as $18 per share. Shares of Move - operator of Realtor.com - soared nearly eight percent on the news today. It now is&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Zillow Closes Trulia Buyout in a Stock-Swap Deal; Shares Up Zacks.com - Feb 18, 2015 The much-awaited merger between the two leading online real estate information providing companies came to a close after Zillow Inc.  announced the completion of the Trulia Inc. buyout. Shares of Zillow gained nearly 2.5% in yesterday ...Zillow closes $2.5 billion acquisition of Trulia, plans to cut 350 staffers - GeekWireZillow to Cut 350 Jobs After Completing Deal to Acquire Trulia - Bloomberg'
p7
aS'Trulia And Hip Hop Legend MC Hammer Help Consumers &quot;Hammerfy&quot; Their Home Search PR Newswire  - Jun 23, 2016 Additionally, Trulia offers data and information about schools, crimes, commute times, and the real estate market. Launched in 2005, Trulia is based in San Francisco and is owned and operated by Zillow Group, Inc. . Trulia is a ...MC Hammer: Iconic Superstar Launches New Video First-Ever &quot;Hip Hop Home Listings&quot; - KUTV 2News'
p8
aS'Trulia to Acquire Market Leader for $355 Million Bloomberg - May 8, 2013 Trulia Inc., a property-information website, said it plans to acquire software maker Market Leader Inc. for $355 million, expanding its offerings to real estate agents.Trulia Acquires Market Leader For $355M To Take Its Business Beyond Listings ... - eu.techcrunchTrulia set to acquire Market Leader for $355 million - Inman.com'
p9
aS"3 Ways To Help Chancery M&amp;A Suits Survive Trulia Law360  - Jul 29, 2016 Law360, Wilmington  -- Delaware Chancellor Andre G. Bouchard's landmark ruling this year in the Trulia Inc. merger case didn't just put the clamp on disclosures-only settlements in merger and acquisition lawsuits; it ..."
p10
a.