(lp0
S'ZF completes $12.4 billion acquisition of TRW Automotive News - May 15, 2015 German auto supplier ZF Friedrichshafen AG said today that it has completed its $12.4 billion acquisition of safety systems supplier TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. TRW will operate as a division under ZF called active and passive safety technology.'
p1
aS"ZF-TRW combination could spark more supplier deals Automotive News - Jul 11, 2014 FRANKFURT/BERLIN  -- German supplier ZF Friedrichshafen's takeover offer for rival TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. looks unlikely to draw rival bids for the U.S. company, but could trigger further deals down the line, bankers and analysts said&nbsp;...TRW Said to Get Takeover Approach From ZF Friedrichshafen - BloombergZF in approach for TRW in consolidating car parts sector - Financial Times"
p2
aS"ZF Wins US Approval for TRW Purchase With Divestitures Bloomberg - May 5, 2015 ZF Friedrichshafen AG won approval from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to buy TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. on the condition it sells TRW's linkage and suspension business in North America and Europe.UPDATE 1-US allows merger of ZF Friedrichshafen, TRW with divestitures - ReutersTRW says Q1 revenue up 7%, profits rise - Automotive News  "
p3
aS"ZF in $11.7 Billion Takeover to Build No. 2 in Car Parts Bloomberg - Sep 15, 2014 ZF Friedrichshafen AG agreed to buy TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. for $11.7 billion, creating a company big enough to push back against pricing pressure from the largest automakers.Bosch benefits as new ZF-TRW combo enters driverless car fray - Automotive NewsGermany's ZF Friedrichshafen to take over TRW Automotive Holdings Corp for $13 ... - Economic Times"
p4
aS"ZF weighs more deals, asset sales following TRW acquisition Automotive News - Jun 2, 2016 FRANKFURT -- ZF Friedrichshafen AG is considering more acquisitions as well as selling assets after catapulting into the ranks of the world's biggest car-parts manufacturers via last year's $12.9 billion takeover of TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. ZF is ..."
p5
aS"ZF TRW signs office lease for global electronics business Automotive News - Jan 27, 2016 ZF TRW plans to open its global electronics headquarters in suburban Detroit by the end of the second quarter following a lease of a 171,000-square-foot office building.ZF TRW leases Arboretum Office Park building for global electronics business - Crain's Detroit Business"
p6
aS"ZF chief Stefan Sommer criticises TRW 'golden parachutes' Financial Times - Jan 14, 2015 ZF may have to pay them to TRW executives as a result of its acquisition of the Michigan-based company, announced in September - an acquisition that will catapult the combined group into the top-three global automotive suppliers, with about 30bn in&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"ZF TRW sells fasteners unit for $450 million Crain's Detroit Business - Jan 25, 2016 CHICAGO - Illinois Tool Works said Monday that it agreed to pay $450 million for the engineered fasteners and components business of German automotive supplier ZF TRW. The deal is expected to close by the end of June. &quot;We are fortunate to be selling&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"ZF CEO tells TRW staffers that jobs are safe Automotive News  - Jan 12, 2015 DETROIT -- The $12.4 billion acquisition of TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. by Germany's ZF Friedrichshafen AG has many in metro Detroit afraid."
p9
aS'One-stop shops for self-driving technology Automotive News   - Nov 7, 2016 ZF-TRW is proposing a turnkey approach to take automakers into autonomous driving. And a small number of other major global suppliers are proposing the same strategy -- not merely supplying customers with piecemeal autonomous technologies, but doing&nbsp;...'
p10
a.