(lp0
S'Jefferies Group LLC Boosts TESARO Inc  Price Target to $124.00 The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago TESARO Inc logo TESARO Inc  had its price target raised by Jefferies Group LLC from $80.00 to $124.00 in a report issued on Monday.FY2017 EPS Estimates for TESARO Inc  Cut by Analyst - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'Why Tesaro Inc  Stock Roared, Then Reversed Investorplace.com - Mar 28, 2017 Tesaro plans to develop a version of Zejula to treat illnesses ranging from metastatic ovarian cancer to breast and lung cancers.Tesaro Inc.  Is Suring After FDA Approves Zejula - RTT NewsCost of TESARO Inc  Ovarian Cancer Drug Zejula an Estimated ... - Library For Smart Investors'
p2
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: Tesaro Inc  Critical Pivot Points CML News - 22 hours ago This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Tesaro Inc  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p3
aS'Piper Jaffray Companies Begins Coverage on TESARO Inc  Sports Perspectives - 20 hours ago TESARO Inc logo Piper Jaffray Companies began coverage on shares of TESARO Inc  in a research note published on Wednesday.TESARO Inc  Given New $174.00 Price Target at Wedbush - BBNS'
p4
aS'All You Need To Know About Tesaro, Inc.  Revealed Perfectly In The Charts NY Stock News - Mar 29, 2017 The technicals for Tesaro, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged. This is the current state of play as presented by the current technical setup.'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus Tesaro Inc ... CML News - Apr 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc  versus Tesaro Inc  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Tesaro Inc  is Beating Seattle Genetics Inc ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Seattle Genetics Inc  versus Tesaro Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p7
aS'Option Market Alert: Tesaro Inc Implied Price Swing Hits An Inflection Point CML News - Apr 13, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Tesaro Inc  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.'
p8
aS"Why to Keeping Eye on Tesaro, Inc. , AngioDynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ ... StockNewsJournal - Mar 31, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Tesaro, Inc.  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at -79.75 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry's average stands at -2.23 ..."
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Tesaro Inc  is Beating MacroGenics Inc  CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MacroGenics Inc  versus Tesaro Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.