(lp0
S"New York firm acquires Annapolis' TeleCommunication Systems Inc in $430M deal CapitalGazette.com - Nov 23, 2015 A New York firm has acquired Annapolis-based TeleCommunication Systems Inc. for more than $430 million. Comtech Telecommunications Corp.Comtech Telecommunications Corp. to Acquire TeleCommunication Systems, Inc ... - Business Wire Comtech dishes out $430.8M to acquire TeleCommunication Systems Inc. - Washington Technology"
p1
aS'Sale of Annapolis-based TeleCommunication Systems to close Tuesday Baltimore Sun - Feb 19, 2016 TeleCommunication Systems, a wireless communications company that specializes in 911 support, cybersecurity and wireless infrastructure, had revenue of $364.1 million at the end of the 12-month period ending in September 2015.'
p2
aS"Former Telecommunication Systems shareholders sue over merger CapitalGazette.com - Apr 1, 2016 ... the company's announcement. He is now a plaintiff in a consolidated suit against TeleCommunications Systems' former top brass, including ex-CEO Maurice Tose, alleging the company's board of directors did not act in the best interest of its ..."
p3
aS'TeleCommunication Systems Receives $223 Million Delivery Order from US Army to ... PR Newswire  - Oct 14, 2015 ANNAPOLIS, Md., Oct. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- TeleCommunication Systems, Inc.  , a world leader in secure and highly reliable wireless communications, today announced that it has received a delivery order from the U.S.'
p4
aS'Comtech Telecommunications Corp. Completes Acquisition of TeleCommunication ... Business Wire  - Feb 23, 2016 MELVILLE, N.Y.----February 23, 2016-- Comtech Telecommunications Corp.  today announced it has closed its strategic and cash accretive acquisition of TeleCommunication Systems, Inc. .'
p5
aS'Commissioners vote to approve proposal for telephone upgrade North Platte Telegraph - 8 hours ago The Lincoln County commissioners voted Monday to approve a proposal with Business Telecommunication Systems Inc. for a telephone upgrade.'
p6
aS"Toshiba Telecom Debuts New VoIP System for Small Businesses Channel Partners - Feb 22, 2017 PRESS RELEASE - IRVINE, Calif., February 21, 2017Toshiba America Information Systems, Inc., Telecommunication Systems Division, , today launched its new IPedge ES Server, the newest member of Toshiba's award-winning family of IPedge VoIP&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'County to consider grant for AED units North Platte Telegraph - Apr 16, 2017 Authorizing the chairman to sign a proposal with Business Telecommunication Systems Inc. for a telephone upgrade.  Discussing an application by Daniel Greeley to vacate Whispering Hills First Replat and revert back to Tract 3 of the Whispering Hill&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc.  Files An 8-K Other Events Market Exclusive - 14 hours ago Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. is a fiber broadband and managed information technology  services provider.Brokerages Set $2.90 Target Price for Alaska Communications Systems Group Inc ... - Chaffey Breeze'
p9
aS"Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Exar Co.  to Hold Sports Perspectives - 6 hours ago The Company's products are deployed in a range of applications, such as industrial, instrumentation and medical equipment, networking and telecommunication systems, servers, enterprise storage systems, flat panel displays, light emitting diode &nbsp;..."
p10
a.