(lp0
S"TETRA Technologies, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $4.14 while ends ... Hot Stocks Point - Mar 16, 2017 TETRA Technologies, Inc. 's Stock Price Trading Update: TETRA Technologies, Inc. , a part of Basic Materials sector and belongs to Oil &amp; Gas Equipment &amp; Services industry; ended its day with loss -2.82% and finalized at the price of $4.14 ..."
p1
aS'Credit Suisse Upgrades TETRA Technologies Inc.  to Outperform; Sees 36 ... StreetInsider.com - Apr 11, 2017 Credit Suisse upgraded TETRA Technologies Inc.  from Neutral to Outperform with a price target of $5.50 , suggesting 36% upside.Traders Attention Alert: TETRA Technologies, Inc.  - StandardOracleTetra Technologies Inc.  Soars 5.19% on April 11 - Equities.com'
p2
aS'Is It Time to go for TETRA Technologies, Inc. , U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 19 hours ago ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business.'
p3
aS'The Unified Clarity of The Technical Chart For TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI ... NY Stock News - 19 hours ago TETRA Technologies, Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p4
aS"Analysts mean rating score stands at 2.10 while TETRA Technologies, Inc.'s ... Hot Stocks Point - 20 hours ago TETRA Technologies, Inc. , a part of Basic Materials sector and belongs to Oil &amp; Gas Equipment &amp; Services industry; ended its day with loss -6.28% and finalized at the price of $3.88.Its time to give a fresh look to TETRA Technologies, Inc.  and Cara ... - USA Commerce DailyTetra Technologies, Inc.  Stock to Watch - The Newburgh Press"
p5
aS'The Technical Chart TETRA Technologies, Inc.  Is Speaking Volumes NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 The technicals for TETRA Technologies, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p6
aS'Investors are undervaluing TETRA Technologies Inc  by 28%, here is my ... Simply Wall St - Apr 3, 2017 Does the April share price for TETRA Technologies  reflect its intrinsic value? I am going to calculate it now by taking the expected future cash flows and discounted them to the value today.'
p7
aS"Tetra Technologies Inc.  Plunges 6.28% on April 14 Equities.com - Apr 13, 2017 Tetra Technologies Inc.  had a rough trading day for Friday April 14 as shares tumbled 6.28%, or a loss of $-0.26 per share, to close at $3.88.Analyst's Report on: TETRA Technologies, Inc.  - Post RegistrarJust the Facts on TETRA Technologies, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc  versus TETRA ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc  versus TETRA Technologies Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months. At the end of this&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc.  TETRA Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:TTI ... Davidson Register - 12 hours ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 1.90.'
p10
a.