(lp0
S"Willis, Towers Watson merge to create $18 bln company Daily Mail - Jun 30, 2015 June 30  - Willis Group Holdings, the world's oldest insurance broker, will merge with human resources consultancy Towers Watson &amp; Co to form a company valued at about $18 billion. The new company, Willis Towers Watson, will be domiciled in&nbsp;...Willis to Merge With Towers Watson in $8.7 Billion Deal - Bloomberg"
p1
aS"Willis Towers Watson executive to get $21m pay-off Financial Times - Nov 22, 2016 The payment to Dominic Casserley, the deputy chief executive, comes at the end of a year when shares in Willis Towers Watson have sharply underperformed those of its two main rivals. The company said last month that Mr Casserley, who headed insurance&nbsp;...Insurance exec gets a 17m golden goodbye despite firm's disappointing shares ... - This is Money"
p2
aS"Alliance Trust names Willis Towers Watson investment manager Fund Strategy - Jan 16, 2017 Alliance Trust has appointed Willis Towers Watson  as investment manager, following the board's announcement in December that the trust will replace its in-house investment team with a multi-manager approach in a bid to improve performance.Alliance Trust unveils new fund managers in trust shake-up - Telegraph.co.ukAlliance Trust PLC : Update on New Approach to Investment Management - GlobeNewswire "
p3
aS"Anthony Hilton: Willis Towers Watson is stretching impartiality claims too far Evening Standard - Jun 22, 2016 A gushing press release issued yesterday by the investment consultants Willis Towers Watson said it has launched an equity fund for institutional investors which contains the top unconstrained equity ideas of the world's top stock pickers."
p4
aS'Willis Towers Watson president, deputy CEO to leave firm Insurance Business - Oct 27, 2016 Thanking Casserley for his contributions,Willis Towers Watson chairman Jim McCann said the departing executive led the evolution of Willis into a global, analytical professional services organization, and the bold expansion of the Willis franchise ...Willis Towers Watson Makes Additional Senior Management Changes - Insurance JournalWillis Towers Watson Bolsters Leadership Team to Deliver on Strategic Priorities - GlobeNewswire '
p5
aS"Lifestyle Article - Willis Towers Watson appoint Thorsten Querfurt Actuarial Post - Apr 4, 2017 Willis Towers Watson has appointed Thorsten Querfurt as the company's new Global Industry Leader for Natural Resources.Willis Towers Watson CFO to retire - Business InsuranceWillis Towers Watson PLC - Receive News &amp; Ratings Daily - BBNS"
p6
aS"Willis Towers Watson reports Q4 and 2016 results Business News Americas  - Feb 9, 2017 ARLINGTON, Va. and LONDON , Feb. 09, 2017 -- Willis Towers Watson  , a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2016, which ended&nbsp;...Could Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company  be actually ... - Simply Wall StWillis Towers  Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? - Nasdaq"
p7
aS'Top insurance brokers: Willis Towers Watson PLC Business Insurance - Jul 17, 2016 The $18 billion deal, which brought together London-based brokerage Willis Group Holdings P.L.C. and New York-based consulting firm Towers Watson &amp; Co., was completed in January, but the combined organization is still going through the process of&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Investor Update: Keeping Tabs on Shares of Towers Watson &amp; Co  Stock Rover - 12 hours ago Taking a look at opinion indicators for Towers Watson &amp; Co , we have noted that the signal is currently reading 72% Buy for the previous week.'
p9
aS'Lifestyle Article - Willis Towers Watson announces new leadership roles Actuarial Post - Oct 3, 2016 The internal promotions come as Willis Towers Watson continues to evolve its global manager research structure to encourage the optimal balance of focus and broader holistic perspective within its investment teams and ensure the company remains at the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.