(lp0
S"So Long Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Maligned Brand Bloomberg - May 17, 2016 Time Warner Cable, which had the worst customer-service score in any industry according to a 2015 survey, won't survive Charter Communications Inc.'s acquisition.Charter Communications Completes Acquisition of Time Warner Cable - Wall Street JournalCharter Communications completes purchase of Time Warner Cable - Reuters"
p1
aS"Better Buy: Time Warner Cable Inc. vs. Time Warner Inc. Motley Fool - Mar 4, 2016 Cord-cutting and cord-shaving  will hurt Time Warner Cable and Time Warner, but it's going to a bigger problem for the cable company. The reason is that cable is merely a delivery method for content. People ...Your Stories: What to expect with Time Warner Cable's 'all-digital' changes - WSYR"
p2
aS"Time Warner Cable Inc. Earnings: What to Watch Motley Fool - Apr 24, 2016 Time Warner Cable  is set to post first-quarter earnings results on Thursday, April 28, just as its merger deal with Charter Communications  seems to be progressing toward final approval.US approves Charter's Time Warner Cable buy with conditions - ReutersCharter Bid for Time Warner Cable Wins Antitrust Approval - Bloomberg"
p3
aS'How Safe Is Time Warner Cable Inc. Stock? Motley Fool - Apr 2, 2016 Time Warner Cable operates in an industry that requires heavy capital spending and, as a result, tends to saddle participants with gobs of debt.Dodgers Fans May Have To Switch To Time Warner Cable Inc  - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS'Sprint Wins $139.8 Million in Time Warner Cable Patent Trial Bloomberg - Mar 3, 2017 The jury found that Time Warner Cable infringed five patents for Voice-over-Internet Protocol and awarded our full damages demand, said Sprint spokeswoman Lisa Dimino, who said the Overland Park, Kansas-based company was pleased with the verdict.'
p5
aS'Goodbye Time Warner Cable as Charter enters homes Albany Times Union - May 13, 2016 Charter, a much smaller company based in Fairfield, Conn., is buying Time Warner and its massive network to become one of the largest cable and internet providers in the country. &quot;We are pleased to have now obtained all approvals,&quot; Tom Rutledge, CEO of&nbsp;...Time Warner Cable Inc  Proves Content Is Growth AND King - Investorplace.comCharter-Time Warner Cable merger gets final OK, heads to closing - Denver Business Journal '
p6
aS'Charter Wins Final US Approval for Time Warner Cable Deal Bloomberg - May 6, 2016 Charter Communications Inc. won final U.S. clearance for its purchase of Time Warner Cable Inc. from the Federal Communications Commission, leaving approval from California as the last regulatory hurdle for the $55.1 billion deal.FCC confirms approval of Charter, Time Warner Cable merger - ReutersFCC approves Charter Communications acquisition of Time Warner Cable - MarketWatch'
p7
aS"Goodbye, Time Warner Cable: Charter to Retire Maligned Brand AdAge.com  - May 18, 2016 Time Warner Cable, which had the worst customer-service score in any industry according to a 2015 survey, won't survive Charter Communications Inc.'s acquisition."
p8
aS"Yes, there are two Time Warners, and AT&amp;T isn't buying the cable company Kansas City Star - Oct 24, 2016 Time Warner Inc., the company AT&amp;T wants to buy, owned Time Warner Cable until March 2009, when it spun off the cable business as a separate publicly traded company. The cable company kept Time Warner in its name, and there have been two Time&nbsp;...AT&amp;T Clarifies Its Intent to Buy Time Warner  - Hollywood ReporterNo, Time Warner Cable isn't part of AT&amp;T merger and here's why - Dallas News"
p9
aS"Time Warner and Time Warner Cable Are 2 Different Things TVSpy - Oct 22, 2016 But that's not true. Comcast dropped its bid for Time Warner Cable, not Time Warner. Charter Communications ended up acquiring the cable company, and has since retired the Time Warner Cable brand. If AT&amp;T is successful in its bid, the Time Warner brand&nbsp;...TIMELINE: AT&amp;T's Merger With Time Warner Follows Decades Of Industry Deals - NPRAT&amp;T Agrees to Buy Time Warner for $85.4 Billion - New York Times"
p10
a.