(lp0
S'18.89 MarketWatch - Nov 8, 2010 Twin Disc Inc. Twin Disc, Inc. manufactures and distributes of heavy duty off highway power transmission equipment.'
p1
aS"Twin Disc, Incorporated's  CEO John Batten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Jan 31, 2017 On behalf of the management of Twin Disc, we're extremely pleased that you have taken the time to participate in our call."
p2
aS'Twin Disc, Incorporated Risk Points versus Industrials CML News - Mar 21, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Twin Disc, Incorporated  compared to its own past and the Industrials ETF.Brokers Issue New Targets On Twin Disc, Incorporated  - Fiscal Standard'
p3
aS'Option Market Alert: Twin Disc, Incorporated Implied Price Swing Hits An ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 No Risk Alert Here: Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Twin Disc, Incorporated  risk is neither elevated nor depressed.In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Twin Disc, Incorporated ... - The De Soto Edge'
p4
aS"TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED  Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant's ... Market Exclusive - Mar 2, 2017 Twin Disc, Incorporated designs, manufactures and sells marine and heavy duty off-highway power transmission equipment."
p5
aS"Trading Options During Earnings in Twin Disc, Incorporated  CML News - Mar 21, 2017 We're going to examine buying and selling out of the money strangles in Twin Disc, Incorporated and find out once and for all what the winning trades have been during earnings releases."
p6
aS'Is Twin Disc, Incorporated  Fairly Valued? TCT - 8 hours ago Taking a look at valuation rankings for Twin Disc, Incorporated , we see that the stock has a Value Composite score of 63.'
p7
aS'Twin Disc, Incorporated  Position Reduced by Two Sigma Investments LP BNB Daily  - Apr 8, 2017 Twin Disc, logo Two Sigma Investments LP decreased its stake in shares of Twin Disc, Incorporated  by 45.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports.Twin Disc, Incorporated  Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze'
p8
aS'Twin Disc, Incorporated  Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment ... Sports Perspectives - Apr 6, 2017 Twin Disc, logo Twin Disc, Incorporated  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report released on Thursday.The Twin Disc,  Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 - Petro Global News 24'
p9
aS"Option Market: Twin Disc, Incorporated Risk Hits An Amplified Level CML News - Mar 10, 2017 We're going to look at a proprietary risk rating for the next 30-days built by Capital Market Laboratories  based on a large number of interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Twin Disc, Incorporated&nbsp;..."
p10
a.