(lp0
S'Trans World Entertainment Corporation Announces the Purchase of etailz, Inc ... GlobeNewswire  - Oct 17, 2016 ALBANY, N.Y., Oct. 17, 2016  -- Trans World Entertainment Corporation  today announced the acquisition of etailz, Inc. in a cash and stock transaction of approximately $75 million, which was unanimously approved by&nbsp;...Spokane-based Etailz acquired for $75 million - The Spokesman-Review'
p1
aS"Trans World Entertainment Announces Annual and Fourth Quarter Results GlobeNewswire  - Mar 16, 2017 Our progress onboarding digital and marketing talent, accelerated through the etailz acquisition, will enable the Company to continue to build upon its credibility with fans of entertainment and pop culture. Trans World is diversifying through re ...Trans World Entertainment's  CEO Michael Feurer on Q4 2016 Results ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS'Trading Sheet: Watching the Levels for Trans World Entertainment Corporation ... Benton Bulletin - 15 hours ago Trans World Entertainment Corporation  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 5. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p3
aS'Trans World Entertainment Corp  Files 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended on ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 13, 2017 Trans World Entertainment Corp  files its latest 10-K with SEC for the fiscal year ended on January 31, 2017. Trans World Entertainment Corp is a specialty retailer of entertainment software, including music, video, video games and related ...'
p4
aS'Trans World Entertainment Names Scott Hoffman as Chief Merchandising Officer PR Newswire  - Jun 16, 2015 ALBANY, N.Y., June 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Trans World Entertainment Corporation  today announced that Scott Hoffman has been named Chief Merchandising Officer, reporting directly to Mike Feurer, CEO.A new merchandising chief at music and video retailer FYE - Albany Business Review'
p5
aS'Under the Lens: Stock Review for Trans World Entertainment Corporation (NASDAQ ... BVN - 9 hours ago Taking a closer look at some quality ratios for Trans World Entertainment Corporation , the firm has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.437474.'
p6
aS"Bob Higgins, chairman of Trans World Entertainment in Albany, dies Albany Business Review - Mar 2, 2017 Higgins retired as CEO of Trans World Entertainment Corp. in 2014 but continued to serve as board chairman. He remained the company's largest single shareholder .Bob Higgins, Pioneering Founder of Trans World and FYE, Dead at 75 - BillboardRobert Higgins, Record Town and fye founder, dies - Albany Times Union"
p7
aS'Trans World Entertainment Corporation: Sneaky Turnaround Play? ValueWalk - Jan 31, 2014 Trans World Entertainment Corporation  is one of the largest specialty music and video retailers in the United States.'
p8
aS"What Makes Trans World Entertainment Corporation  A Financially Strong ... Simply Wall St - Mar 16, 2017 Small-cap companies such as Trans World Entertainment Corporation  with its market cap of USD $99 Million, have high growth potential but financial strength is the deciding factor in their long-term survival.Earnings in focus: Trans World Entertainment Corporation 's track record - Post Analyst"
p9
aS'Breaking Down: Trans World Entertainment Corporation  Stock Drop ... CML News - 21 hours ago Breaking Down: Trans World Entertainment Corporation  has hit extreme technical weakness -- watch the stochastics and technical oscillators for any kind of momentum signals if you are looking for a turnaround.Bargain Hunters Should Take a Look at Trans World Entertainment Corporation ... - Morgan Research'
p10
a.