(lp0
S"FCC approves Time Warner sale of Atlanta TV station Channel NewsAsia - 13 hours ago WASHINGTON: The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said on Monday it approved Time Warner Inc's sale of a broadcast station in Atlanta to Meredith Corp , a transaction that could help speed Time Warner's planned merger with AT&amp;T Inc .FCC approves Time Warner station sale, easing AT&amp;T buyout - Seeking AlphaWhat you need to know about the future of Time Warner Inc's  business? - Simply Wall St"
p1
aS"Time Warner Inc. to Report First-Quarter 2017 Results Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 Time Warner Inc., a global leader in media and entertainment with businesses in television networks and film and TV entertainment, uses its industry-leading operating scale and brands to create, package and deliver high-quality content worldwide on a&nbsp;...Why Is Time Warner Inc Stock  Ahead Since the Last Earnings Report? - Investorplace.comAT&amp;T CFO on learning of Time Warner deal: 'I earned my greys' - Dallas Business Journal"
p2
aS"Trump Antitrust Pick Saw Few Hurdles for AT&amp;T-Time Warner Nod Bloomberg - Mar 21, 2017 President Donald Trump said during his campaign that AT&amp;T Inc.'s proposed takeover of Time Warner Inc. should be blocked."
p3
aS"5 Key Time Warner Franchises for the Next Decade Motley Fool - Mar 24, 2017 Time Warner  owns some of the most valuable entertainment franchises in the world, and with AT&amp;T  aiming to acquire the company in an $85.4 billion deal, it's a good time to take a look at some of the big series that could wind up ..."
p4
aS'Its time to give a fresh look to Time Warner Inc.  and Prospect Capital ... USA Commerce Daily - 17 hours ago Shares of Time Warner Inc.  are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 44.42% since bottoming out at $68.97 on Jun. 27, 2016.'
p5
aS'Time Warner Inc  Expected to Post Earnings of $1.44 Per Share The Cerbat Gem - Apr 14, 2017 Time Warner logo Wall Street brokerages forecast that Time Warner Inc  will report earnings of $1.44 per share for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports.'
p6
aS"The Bears And Bulls Square Off On Time Warner Inc.  NY Stock News - Apr 13, 2017 Time Warner Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p7
aS"Time Warner Inc. : The Technicals As Seen Today NY Stock News - Apr 3, 2017 Time Warner Inc.  has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we've been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment."
p8
aS"Analysts Actions to Focus: Time Warner Inc.  StandardOracle - Apr 11, 2017 Time Warner Inc.  added 0.23% to reach $98.69 in the previous trading session. Overall, 2.29 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 3.45 Million shares.Time Warner Inc  Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $5.98 Per Share - The Cerbat GemWhat's Fueling Investor Confidence?  Time Warner Inc. , SunTrust Banks ... - USA Commerce Daily"
p9
aS"Hollywood set to further upend its business Seeking Alpha - Mar 26, 2017 Among those who have publicly pushed for premium VOD are the chiefs at Time Warner , and 21st Century Fox , while Comcast's  Jeff Shell - who runs Universal Pictures - has been a key voice behind the scenes.The reason Hollywood's studio leadership is in flux: The business model is ... - Los Angeles Times"
p10
a.