(lp0
S"Under Armour Inc  and Lululemon Athletica Inc.  Should Join Forces Investorplace.com - 16 hours ago The fundamentals are backing up this sob story - margins are cratering due to a price war with Nike Inc  and Adidas AG   that's clearly not winnable.Will a Takeover Offer Be in the Future for Lululemon ? - Nasdaq"
p1
aS"Better Buy: Nike Inc. vs. Under Armour Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2017 But over the past three years, shares of Under Armour have lost more than half their value, while shares of Nike rallied nearly 50% -- making the &quot;next Nike&quot; a much worse investment than the &quot;original&quot; one.Teens Find 100-Year-Old Converse To Be Cooler Than Under Armour - BenzingaSell-Side Analyst's Predictions: NIKE, Inc. , Under Armour, Inc.  - The USA Commerce"
p2
aS'Wedbush Starts Under Armour, Inc.  at Neutral StreetInsider.com - Apr 11, 2017 Wedbush initiates coverage on Under Armour, Inc.  with a Neutral rating and a price target of $18.00. Analyst Chris Svezia says the higher multiple does not justify the valuation.Under Armour: DCF Model Indicates 44% Upside - Seeking AlphaJust the Facts on Under Armour, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS"'Chef Curry' Can't Seem To Cook Up A Strong Shoe Rollout For Under Armour Benzinga - 20 hours ago Under Armour Inc  just can't seem to get it right in the cutthroat shoe industry. Things started to go downhill when the company released its infamous, &quot;Chef Curry 2&quot; model, which got blasted on social media."
p4
aS"Under Armour Inc  Stock Will Get on Track, But Not Today Investorplace.com - Apr 13, 2017 We've talked several times over the last year about why I'm staying away from Under Armour Inc , and I'm sorry to say my opinion still hasn't changed."
p5
aS'FBR Capital Gets Bearish on Under Armour Inc  and Slices Price Target Smarter Analyst - Apr 4, 2017 The sportswear and footwear maker Under Armour Inc  displays several disappointing elements as war towards price leadership with industry giant Nike has begun and foremost, tremendous pressure on sales does not seem to cease.Putting Under Armour In Its Place - Seeking Alpha'
p6
aS"Under Armour Announces Nomination of Jerri L. DeVard to Board of Directors PR Newswire  - Apr 13, 2017 BALTIMORE, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Under Armour, Inc.  today announced that Jerri L. DeVard has been nominated for election to the company's Board of Directors."
p7
aS'More Bad News for Under Armour Inc: Here Comes Puma! Motley Fool - Mar 22, 2017 Not long ago, Under Armour   was the growing darling of sportswear, while Puma  was a fading also-ran which was overlooked in conversations about the industry.'
p8
aS'Under Armour Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings And Conference Call Date PR Newswire  - Apr 6, 2017 BALTIMORE, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Under Armour, Inc.  plans to release the results of its first quarter  on Thursday, April 27, 2017 at 6:55 a.m.'
p9
aS"Under Armour Inc  Stock Needs a Change, And Soon Investorplace.com - Apr 7, 2017 How does the old saying go? If you live by the sword, you die by the sword? It's not a cliche you often hear applied within the world of equities, but that doesn't mean it can't apply."
p10
a.