(lp0
S'Unusual Activity Spotted in United American Healthcare Corp  Sherwood Daily - 14 hours ago Needle moving action has been spotted in United American Healthcare Corp  as shares are moving today on volatility -23.53% or $-0.04 from the open.'
p1
aS'Market Update: Looking at the Levels for United American Healthcare Corp ... Lenox Ledger - 14 hours ago United American Healthcare Corp.  has a current Value Composite Score of 69. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or overvalued company.'
p2
aS"The Origins Of A Complex American Health Care System Here And Now - Mar 27, 2017 The problems with the health care system in the United States may seem like they're new, but they're not. Historian Nancy Tomes explains to Here &amp; Now's Jeremy Hobson how our uneven, expensive and complicated system came to be."
p3
aS"Why an Open Market Won't Repair American Health Care New York Times - Apr 4, 2017 A few years back, the future of American health policy appeared to hinge on how similar medical care was to broccoli. It was March 2012, and the Affordable Care Act (a."
p4
aS'Sen. Cotton, Rep. Hill face rowdy town hall KATV - 8 hours ago The whole point of being strong and powerful is so we can maintain a peaceful, stable world for the United States of America, Cotton said. One audience member said she ... The two also answered questions about health care. When Hill said Congress ...'
p5
aS'Government Regulation and the United Airlines Fiasco The New American - 12 hours ago Government price controls on wages during World War II led to businesses offering employer-provided health insurance, which predictably drove up the price of healthcare in the United States. Today, more government involvement in healthcare is suggested&nbsp;...The key lesson of the United Airlines fiasco has nothing to do with airlines - The Reality-Based Community'
p6
aS"The GOP's problem on health reform is they've spent years hiding their real ... Vox - 16 hours ago The most interesting policy argument in America right now is the debate between conservatives' real position on health care and their fake position. The fake, but popular, position goes something like this: Conservatives think everyone deserves ..."
p7
aS'United States: Medicaid &amp; The American Health Care Act Mondaq News Alerts  - Mar 20, 2017 On March 6, 2017, the House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee  and Ways &amp; Means Committee  officially released draft legislation, the &quot;American Health Care Act&quot; , that would repeal and replace parts of the Affordable Care Act &nbsp;...'
p8
aS"Zanesville native to receive the Ellis Island Medal of Honor Zanesville Times Recorder - 11 hours ago Dr. Adil Haider was born in Zanesville in 1973 to Pakistani parents who moved to the United States in the 1960s. Haider's father was an ... The Ellis Island Medal of Honor is awarded to individuals for their accomplishments in their field and their ..."
p9
aS'United States: Repeal and Replace  Tax Implications of the Proposed American ... Mondaq News Alerts  - Mar 21, 2017 The long-awaited Republican health care plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, titled the &quot;American Health Care Act&quot; , was released by House Republicans on Monday, March 6. The AHCA is largely similar to a draft version that was leaked to the&nbsp;...Republicans revamp US health bill, boost benefits to older Americans - ReutersRepublicans modify Obamacare repeal bill to win more GOP votes - USA TODAY'
p10
a.