(lp0
S'United Continental Holdings Inc. Q1 Income Retreats 70% Nasdaq - 14 hours ago  - United Continental Holdings Inc.  released earnings for first quarter that retreated compared to the same period last year.'
p1
aS"United Continental Holdings Inc earnings match forecasts, apologizes again for ... Financial Post - 12 hours ago United Continental Holdings Inc on Monday released first-quarter earnings that matched analysts' expectations on several key measures, and again apologized for the forceful removal of a passenger from a flight last week.Buy Or Sell United Continental Holdings? - Seeking AlphaUnited Continental Holdings Inc : Set To Report Earnings In The Aftermath ... - Simply Wall St"
p2
aS'United Airlines: Beat With Potential 2017 Upside Seeking Alpha - 10 hours ago On Monday after the close, United Airlines  delivered a top- and bottom-lines beat that sent shares slightly up in after-hours trading.'
p3
aS"United Airlines Is Changing Its Crew Booking Policy After Passenger Dragged ... TIME - Apr 15, 2017 The airline, owned by United Continental Holdings Inc , said it would make sure crews traveling on their aircraft are booked into seats at least 60 minutes before departure.United changes crew booking policy - Seeking AlphaUnited's 1st-quarter profit fell 69 percent, and that's before passenger ... - Chicago Tribune"
p4
aS"United Airlines: Do Boycotts Work? Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 Headlines like the above suggest the 1.1% drop in United Continental's  stock was a disaster. In fact, this is nothing worth writing home about and is quite a frequent decline."
p5
aS"United Airlines: The Structure Behind The PR Disaster Seeking Alpha - Apr 13, 2017 The United Continental 'reaccomodation' of a passenger is a symptom of a deeper structural deficit in the industry."
p6
aS'United: Post-PR Debacle Play? Seeking Alpha - Apr 11, 2017 For those of us who are value investors, we are probably wondering if United Continental  is a buy with all of the negative attention the company is receiving.The Best Way to Trade United Continental  Stock Now - Investorplace.comDelayed Bearish Reaction Seen In United Continental Holdings Inc - StockNews.com '
p7
aS'3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Netflix, Inc. , Tesla, Inc.  and ... Investorplace.com - 22 hours ago Heading into the new week, the spotlight is shining on Tesla Inc  and United Continental Holdings Inc , which made some waves over the weekend, as well as Netflix, Inc. , which will help kick off the earnings&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'United Airlines to reimburse all passengers on flight that caused uproar The Straits Times - Apr 13, 2017 CHICAGO  - United Continental Holdings Inc. is reimbursing all passengers on the flight where a man was forcibly removed by security officers, attempting to make peace in a public relations mess that refuses to die.Buy These 3 Airline Stocks Instead of United Continental Holdings Inc Stock  - Investorplace.comUnited Airlines shares slump amid backlash over forcible removal of passenger ... - Globalnews.ca'
p9
aS"Bridal Couple Removed From United Airlines Flight Without Incident NPR - Apr 17, 2017 Shares in United's owner, United Continental Holdings Inc., were hit hard, dropping as much as 4 percent last week. The stock ended down 2 percent on Thursday at $69.United Airlines removes from flight engaged couple travelling to wedding - The Straits TimesBride and groom removed from United Airlines flight - Independent Online"
p10
a.