(lp0
S'United States Antimony Corporation is a Coiled Spring SmallCap Network - Feb 3, 2017 Small cap United States Antimony Corporation is a growing, vertically-integrated natural resource company that has production and diversified operations in precious metals, zeolite and antimony.'
p1
aS'United States Antimony Corp.: A Commodity Stock That Could Fall 80% Seeking Alpha - Aug 23, 2012 United States Antimony Corp.  is a former penny stock on the bulletin board that is being promoted as a play on antimony, a must-own commodity that is in short supply.'
p2
aS'Stock Trading Focus for United States Antimony Corporation  BVN - 8 hours ago Investors may be checking on some financial ratios for United States Antimony Corporation . Currently, the company has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.030226.'
p3
aS'Price Alert: United States Antimony Corporation  Stock Nears ... CML News - Mar 29, 2017 Price Alert: United States Antimony Corporation  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p4
aS'Breaking: United States Antimony Corporation  Stock Through ... CML News - Mar 20, 2017 Breaking: United States Antimony Corporation  has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p5
aS'United States Antimony Corporation  Upside Stock Technicals at ... CML News - Dec 10, 2016 This is a technical analysis stock rating for United States Antimony Corporation  . The company has a five bull technical rating which indicates extreme strength.'
p6
aS"Is Tiny United States Antimony The Next Molycorp? Forbes  - Jun 10, 2011 United States Antimony is a tiny  stock that's been making money for a few lucky investors lately."
p7
aS'A New Kind of Stock Chart: United States Antimony Corporation (AMEX:UAMY ... CML News - Feb 27, 2017 This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for United States Antimony Corporation  . The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year.'
p8
aS'US Antimony: Plenty of Reserves of a Rapidly Vanishing Metal Seeking Alpha - Jun 21, 2011 On May 24, I wrote about the metal antimony in an article entitled US Antimony: A Hidden Monopoly Far Ahead of Any Competition, in which I made the case for what I consider to be the buy of a lifetime.'
p9
aS"United States Antimony: A Hidden Monopoly Far Ahead Of Any Competition Seeking Alpha - Mar 19, 2012 Since I wrote the story, UAMY has had quarter after quarter of record revenue, largely on the back of predicted higher antimony prices. Antimony HAD to go up because even if demand remained static , cutting off 95% of the world's ..."
p10
a.