(lp0
S'Improving, But Expectations Are High At United Security Bancshares Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 United Security Bancshares  has a rocky past, but is in a great position for a rising rate environment. Some earnings growth is already priced in, with shares trading 74% above their 52-week low, but with a strong core, the bank could ...'
p1
aS'United Security Bank Announces Appointment of Chief Credit Officer PR Newswire  - Jul 25, 2013 Dennis R. Woods, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, &quot;We are pleased to have Bill Yarbenet join the executive management team at United Security Bank, and look forward to the extensive credit and finance experience he brings ...'
p2
aS'Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact United Security ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 14, 2017 United Security Bancshares logo News articles about United Security Bancshares  have been trending somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports.'
p3
aS'Commercial National Financial  EPS Estimated At $0.00, United Security ... Key Gazette - Apr 12, 2017 Analysts expect Commercial National Financial Corp  to report $0.00 EPS on May, 1. It is down 4.53% since September 6, 2016 and is uptrending.Stock Returns: Landmark Bancorp Inc  versus United Security ... - CML News'
p4
aS'United Security Bancshares, Inc. Names James F. House to Be President and CEO Business Wire  - Oct 24, 2011 THOMASVILLE, Ala.----United Security Bancshares, Inc.  today announced that United Security and its subsidiary bank, First United Security Bank, have approved the appointment of James F. House as President and Chief&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'United Security Bank parent reports higher net income Fresno Bee - Oct 19, 2016 United Security Bancshares, the Fresno-based parent company of United Security Bank, reported net income of just more than $2 million for the third quarter of 2016, or 12 cents per share.'
p6
aS'United Security Bancshares, Inc. and First United Security Bank Elect New Director Business Wire  - Mar 1, 2013 THOMASVILLE, Ala.----United Security Bancshares, Inc. , announced today that A. J. Lonnie Strickland, III was elected as a Director of United Security Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiary, First United Security Bank ...'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: United Security Bancshares  is Beating Southern ... CML News - Mar 30, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Southern First Bancshares Inc  versus United Security Bancshares  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Decision Time: United Security Bancshares  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 Decision Time: United Security Bancshares  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus United ... CML News - Apr 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Farmers National Banc Corp.  versus United Security Bancshares  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.