(lp0
S'United Community Financial Corp. to Expand Akron and Canton Ohio Presence with ... Business Wire  - Sep 8, 2016 YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio----United Community Financial Corp.  , a $2.1 billion financial services institution headquartered in Youngstown, Ohio, parent of The Home Savings and Loan&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Stock Returns: BSB Bancorp Inc  versus United Community Financial ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for BSB Bancorp Inc  versus United Community Financial Corp.  .United Community Financial Corp  Short Interest Update - Sports PerspectivesUnited Community Financial  Reaches $8.30 After 5.00% Up Move; Texas ... - NormanObserver.com'
p2
aS'United Community Financial Corp.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 30 Equities.com - Mar 30, 2017 United Community Financial Corp.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 30, as the stock gained 1.43% to close at $8.49.United Community Financial Corp  Stake Increased by Ladenburg Thalmann ... - BNB Daily United Community Financial Corp  Receives $12.50 Consensus PT from Analysts - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS"Stocks in Analyst's Viewfinder: United Community Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:UCFC ... Davidson Register - 13 hours ago Brokerage firms currently have a positive stance on shares of United Community Financial Corp. . The majority of analysts covering the equity have either a Buy or Strong Buy recommendation on the stock, yielding a consensus score of 2.00."
p4
aS'United Community Financial Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 06 Equities.com - Apr 6, 2017 United Community Financial Corp.  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 06, as the stock lost 1.09% to close at $8.19.United Community Financial Corp  Position Raised by Dimensional Fund ... - The Cerbat GemUnited Community Financial Corp  Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Timothy ... - Energy Index'
p5
aS'United Community Financial Corp. Announces the Hiring of Douglas Young, Chief ... Business Wire  - Apr 15, 2016 YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio----United Community Financial Corp.  holding company of The Home Savings and Loan Company recently announced the hiring of Douglas Young as Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Meridian Bancorp Inc  versus United Community ... CML News - Apr 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Meridian Bancorp Inc  versus United Community Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys 50314 Shares of United Community Financial ... - Chaffey BreezeUnited Community Financial Corp.  Valuation According To Analysts - UK Market News'
p7
aS'Street View: Analyst Updates on United Community Financial Corp. ? The Herald - Apr 14, 2017 Out of the 2 covering Street analysts providing stock ratings for United Community Financial Corp. , 1 have shares listed as a Strong Buy while 1 analysts have the stock rated a Buy.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: United Community Financial Corp.  is Beating Bear ... CML News - Apr 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bear State Financial Inc  versus United Community Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Community ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Bank Mutual Corporation  versus United Community Financial Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Which Analysts Are Watching United Community Financial Corp. ? - Fiscal Standard'
p10
a.