(lp0
S'The Universal Electronics Inc.  Position Maintained by New York State ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 29, 2017 Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Universal Electronics by 77.2% in the second quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,469 shares ...'
p1
aS'67.00 MarketWatch - Feb 22, 2011 Universal Electronics Inc. Universal Electronics, Inc. designs and develops solutions that enable consumers to control entertainment devices, digital media and home systems.'
p2
aS'Market Spotter: Focusing on These Shares Universal Electronics Inc.  The Standard - 20 hours ago Checking the Value Composite score for Universal Electronics Inc. , we see that the company has a rank of 53. This falls on a scale from 0 to 100 where a lower score indicated an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'What is the Sell-side Saying About Universal Electronics Inc. ? Aiken Advocate - Apr 16, 2017 Investors and analysts are typically super focused on company earnings numbers when they are reported. Company earnings are a good way to evaluate the company profitability.'
p4
aS'Guggenheim Capital LLC Acquires New Stake in Universal Electronics Inc  Markets Daily - 22 hours ago Universal Electronics logo Guggenheim Capital LLC acquired a new position in Universal Electronics Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Investor Alert: Universal Electronics Inc.  Price Target Update - Rockville RegisterUniversal Electronics Inc  Shares Bought by Comerica Bank - The Cerbat Gem'
p5
aS'Universal Electronics Inc.  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 Universal Electronics Inc.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock gained 2.02% to close at $68.05.'
p6
aS'Universal Electronics Signs Warrants Agreement with Comcast Business Wire  - Mar 9, 2016 SANTA ANA, Calif.----Universal Electronics Inc.   today announced it has entered into a warrants agreement with Comcast Corporation as an extension of its partnership in developing advanced technology products with&nbsp;...Comcast signs warrants agreement with X1 voice remote maker Universal Electronics - FierceCableUEI, Comcast Sign Warrants Agreement - Multichannel News'
p7
aS"Universal Electronics' Asia Subsidiary Signs Capital Stock Sales Agreement Business Wire  - Sep 30, 2016 SANTA ANA, Calif.----Universal Electronics Inc. , , the worldwide leader in sensing and control technologies for the smart home, today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, C.G."
p8
aS"B. Riley Reiterates &quot;Buy&quot; Rating for Universal Electronics Inc  The Cerbat Gem - Apr 12, 2017 Universal Electronics logo Universal Electronics Inc 's stock had its buy rating reiterated by investment analysts at B. Riley in a research note issued on Wednesday.Decision Time: Universal Electronics Inc  Stock Technicals Hit ... - CML NewsUniversal Electronics Inc  Upgraded at TheStreet - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS'CES: Universal Electronics powers AirTV voice remote; touts WOW, Huawei deals FierceCable - Jan 4, 2017 LAS VEGASAfter helping Comcast establish the voice remote as an essential component of the X1 platform, remote-control specialist Universal Electronics is working with other operators on voice search and discovery solutions. The company announced&nbsp;...Briefs: CES, Universal Electronics, AirTV, Celeno, Airgain - CED'
p10
a.