(lp0
S'Unifi discloses sudden departure of top two executives Winston-Salem Journal - Apr 29, 2016 Unifi Inc. has undergone a major management shake-up this week, with its chairman and chief executive, Bill Jasper, retiring and its president and chief operating officer, Roger Berrier Jr.'
p1
aS'What Makes Unifi Inc  A Financially Strong Company, Is It Really? Simply Wall St - Apr 5, 2017 Unifi Inc  is a small-cap company - a market capitalization of less than $2 billion. Such companies have the highest growth potential, primarily due to their small-size.Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Unifi  Share Price - Sports Perspectives'
p2
aS"Unifi, Inc., Brings Home Gold at World Textile Awards PR Newswire  - Feb 6, 2017 GREENSBORO, N.C., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- World Textile Awards announced Unifi, Inc.,  as its 2016 Fiber Producer of the Year, highlighting the Company's outstanding product lineup."
p3
aS'Textile Company, Unifi, Inc., Teams Up With Professional Sports Franchises to ... PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 GREENSBORO, N.C., Feb. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Unifi, Inc. , makers of REPREVE, the leading recycled fiber brand made from plastic bottles, announces its collaboration with seven professional sports teams, including those from the NBA&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'Unifi, Inc.  Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Sports Perspectives - 3 hours ago Unifi logo Unifi, Inc.  was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued on Wednesday.'
p5
aS"Unifi hires new CFO Triad Business Journal - Nov 24, 2015 A graduate of the Harvard Business School as well as a certified public accountant, Goodman will receive a base salary of $450,000, and he'll get a grant of 20,000 shares of Unifi  common stock. He'll also have the potential to earn a bonus ..."
p6
aS"Unifi adding machinery to keep up with yarn demand in US, Central America Triad Business Journal - Apr 7, 2015 Greensboro-based yarn maker Unifi Inc. said Tuesday that it is increasing polyester texturing capacity up to 10 percent in the U.S.Unifi's Yadkinville plant among sites to get new machines - Winston-Salem Journal"
p7
aS'Unifi Inc.: Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 11, 2017 Unifi, Inc.  is a multi-national manufacturing company that produces and sells recycled and other processed yarns designed to meet customer specifications, and premium value-added yarns with enhanced performance characteristics.Unifi, Inc.  Receives An Update From Brokers - The De Soto Edge'
p8
aS'Unifi Inc Risk Points versus Consumer Discretionary CML News - Mar 22, 2017 This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Unifi Inc  compared to its own past and the Consumer Discretionary ETF.'
p9
aS"Unifi Announces Election of Paul R. Charron as a Director PR Newswire  - Feb 5, 2016 GREENSBORO, N.C., Feb. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Unifi, Inc.  today announced that it has elected Paul R. Charron to the Company's board of directors."
p10
a.