(lp0
S'What Makes Universal Forest Products Inc  A Financially Strong Company ... Simply Wall St - 9 hours ago Universal Forest Products Inc  is a small-cap company - a market capitalization of less than $2 billion. Such companies have the highest growth potential, primarily due to their small-size.Universal Forest Products, Inc.  Shares Sold by Ladenburg Thalmann ... - Sports PerspectivesUniversal Forest Products, Inc.  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"Zacks.com featured highlights: Nutrisystem, Universal Forest Products ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 13, 2017 Chicago, IL - April 13, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article include Nutrisystem Inc. , Universal Forest Products Inc. , American Woodmark Corporation , Best Buy&nbsp;..."
p2
aS'Universal Forest Products: Can UFPI be a Good Value Stock? Nasdaq - Apr 3, 2017 Though Universal Forest Products might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.Buy Universal Forest Products For The Value, Hold It For The Opportunity - Seeking AlphaHow Universal Forest  Stock Stands Out in a Strong Industry April 05, 2017 - Zacks.com'
p3
aS'UPDATE: Universal Forest Products  to Acquire idX Corp in $68M Deal ... StreetInsider.com - Sep 1, 2016 Universal Forest Products, Inc.  announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to purchase idX Corp.Universal Forest Products to acquire store fixtures maker in $68 million deal - MiBizUFPI to buy idX Corp., leading international provider of custom merchandising ... - GlobeNewswire '
p4
aS"Universal Forest Products Completes Acquisition of idX Corp Nasdaq - Sep 20, 2016 As revealed, Universal Forest Products acquired all the outstanding shares of idX Corp's holding company, idX Holdings, Inc. idX Corp. is an internationally recognized firm in the merchandising solutions market, worth $6 billion. The firm generated ..."
p5
aS'Universal Forest Products Buys Some Quality Hardwood Assets Yahoo Finance - Mar 7, 2017 Universal Forest Products, Inc. UFPI recently declared that one of its associates has closed the buyout of certain assets of Nappanee, IN-based hardwood products company, Quality Hardwood Sales, LLC .UFPI acquires Indiana manufacturer of hardwood products - GlobeNewswire Universal Forest diversifies into hardwood products with acquisition of ... - MiBiz'
p6
aS"Universal Forest Products Is Still Too Expensive After A Tough Q4 Seeking Alpha - Feb 27, 2017 And the company's acquisition of idX disappointed in a quarter that began just 11 days after that acquisition closed. All told, I still lean bearish on UFPI - even if I'm not quite ready to commit to an outright short.Universal Forest Products posts double-digit sales growth to close 2016 - MiBiz"
p7
aS'Universal Forest Products  Acquires The UBEECO Group StreetInsider.com - Dec 5, 2016 Universal Forest Products, Inc.  today announced that one of its subsidiaries has acquired all outstanding shares of The UBEECO Group Pty.Universal Forest acquires $21M company - Grand Rapids Business Journal Hedge Funds Are Dumping Universal Forest Products, Inc. : What Are They ... - Insider Monkey '
p8
aS"Universal Forest Products Inc. spending $11.5M to buy Northwest distributor MLive.com - Jun 21, 2016 based treated lumber manufacturer, Robbins Manufacturing Co., which maintains six facilities in Florida, Georgia and North Carolina.Why Are Top Fund Managers Buying This Building Products Stock? - Investor's Business Daily"
p9
aS'Forbes names Universal Forest Products  the Best Performing Company in ... GlobeNewswire  - Jun 29, 2016 GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., June 29, 2016  -- Universal Forest Products, Inc.  has been named by Forbes magazine as the best performing company in Michigan, based on total returns.'
p10
a.