(lp0
S'United Insurance Holdings Corp.  is Attracting Smart Money Small Cap Exclusive  - Apr 15, 2017 For those not familiar with the company, United Insurance Holdings Corp. is a property and casualty insurance holding company that sources, writes and services residential property and casualty insurance policies using a network of agents and a group ...United Insurance Holdings Corp  Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.14 - Sports Perspectives24228 Shares in United Insurance Holdings Corp  Acquired by Doyle Wealth ... - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"United Insurance Holdings  Enters Merger Agreement with RDX Holding StreetInsider.com - Aug 17, 2016 United Insurance Holdings Corp.  announced today that it has entered into a Merger Agreement with RDX Holding, LLC , the parent of American Coastal Insurance Company , to combine the companies in&nbsp;...United Insurance Holdings'  CEO John Forney on UPC Insurance and ... - Seeking AlphaSt. Pete insurer has $330 million deal with South Florida firm - Tampa Bay Business Journal"
p2
aS'Is United Insurance Holdings Corp  Financially Strong Enough To Weather ... Simply Wall St - Feb 21, 2017 United Insurance Holdings Corp  is a small-cap company - a market capitalization of less than $2 billion. Such companies have the highest growth potential, primarily due to their small-size.'
p3
aS'United Insurance Holdings Corp. Schedules 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End ... Business Wire  - Jan 27, 2017 ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.----United Insurance Holdings Corp.  , a property and casualty insurance holding company, announced today that it expects to release its financial results for the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'United Insurance Holdings Corp. Completes Its Acquisition of Interboro ... Business Wire  - Apr 29, 2016 ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.----United Insurance Holdings Corp.  , a property and casualty insurance holding company, today announced that it has successfully closed on its acquisition of&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'United Insurance Holdings Corp. Schedules 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results ... Business Wire  - Oct 12, 2016 ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.----United Insurance Holdings Corp.  , a property and casualty insurance holding company, announced today that it expects to release its financial results for the&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'United Insurance Holdings Corp. Raises Capital Through Issuance of Senior Notes Business Wire  - Dec 5, 2016 ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.----United Insurance Holdings Corp.  , a property and casualty insurance holding company, announced today that it has raised $30 million through an offering of&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"United Insurance Holdings Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 17 Equities.com - Mar 17, 2017 United Insurance Holdings Corp.  traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 17, as the stock lost 1.12% to close at $15.93.Heritage CEO calls homeowners insurance claims practice 'fraud' - Tampa Bay Business Journal"
p8
aS'Stock Returns: EMC Insurance Group Inc  versus United Insurance ... CML News - Apr 11, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for EMC Insurance Group Inc  versus United Insurance Holdings Corp.  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.EPS for United Insurance Holdings  Expected At $0.33, Last Week Acxiom ... - Key GazetteUnited Insurance Holdings Corp  Stake Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS"United Insurance Holdings'  CEO John Forney on Q4 2016 Results ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Greetings and welcome to the UPC Insurance fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode."
p10
a.