(lp0
S'Iberdrola US to Acquire UIL Holdings  for $52.75/Share in Cash and Stock StreetInsider.com - Feb 26, 2015 Iberdrola USA and UIL Holdings Corporation  entered into a definitive agreement under which Iberdrola USA will acquire UIL and create a newly listed U.S.Spanish Company Iberdrola To Buy UIL Holdings For $3 Billion - Hartford Courant'
p1
aS'UIL HOLDINGS CORPORATION SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky &amp; Long, PA Announces ... PR Newswire  - Mar 2, 2015 Rigrodsky &amp; Long, P.A. announces that it is investigating potential legal claims against the board of directors of UIL Holdings Corporation   regarding possible breaches of fiduciary duties and other violations of law ...Notable Mergers and Acquisitions 2/26: /    - StreetInsider.comIberdrola Broadens Northeast Footprint in $3B UIL Deal - RTO Insider'
p2
aS"Berkshire Gas parent company UIL Holdings invests in Kinder Morgan pipeline MassLive.com - Jul 28, 2015 The parent company of Berkshire Gas has announced an $80 million investment in Northeast Energy Direct, the interstate pipeline proposed by Kinder Morgan's Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co."
p3
aS'UIL Holdings To Invest In Regional Energy Solution Business Wire  - Jul 24, 2015 NEW HAVEN, Conn.----UIL Holdings Corporation  will invest in a natural gas transmission pipeline project that, when complete, is expected to alleviate capacity constraints in the system that serves New England and the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"David Einhorn Discusses His Q3 Performance And New Long Positions In UIL ... Benzinga - Oct 22, 2015 The fund returned  percent, net of fees and expenses, in the third quarter, bringing its year-to-date return to  percent.Highlights from Greenlight's Q3 Letter : Einhorn's New Picks and Two ... - Insider Monkey David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Releases Third-Quarter Letter - GuruFocus.com "
p5
aS'UIL Holdings Corporation Selects IBM to Help Secure Smart Meters PR Newswire  - Jul 13, 2011 ARMONK, N.Y., July 13, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- IBM  today announced that it has been selected by UIL Holdings Corporation , a Connecticut-based electric and natural gas delivery company, to help secure its smart meters and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Wall Street Views &amp; Consensus on UIL Holdings Corporation  The Herald - Apr 8, 2017 Monitoring analyst opinions on a company they track might assist investors with gathering vital information. Out of the N/A covering analysts offering stock ratings for UIL Holdings Corporation , N/A have shares pegged a Strong Buy while N/A&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"Iberdrola-UIL Holdings finalize merger, creating a new 'American energy giant' Utility Dive - Dec 21, 2015 Iberdrola USA and UIL Holdings have completed their merger, combining to create Avangrid, one of the largest electric utilities and power generators in the United States with 5.6 GW of wind generation, 3.1 million customers and $8.3 billion in rate ..."
p8
aS"UIL ends its bid to buy PGW Philly.com - Dec 4, 2014 UIL's decision to pull out came on the eve of a meeting that the Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce is holding Friday at Drexel University to promote Philadelphia as a regional energy hub. The one-day summit is aimed at building support among&nbsp;...UIL Announces Termination of Its Agreement to Purchase Philadelphia Gas Works ... - Business Wire UIL Holdings terminates agreement to buy Philadelphia Gas Works - Philadelphia Business Journal"
p9
aS"Regulators Scuttle $3B Merger Of Iberdrola, UIL Holdings Hartford Courant - Jun 30, 2015 Iberdrola and UIL Holdings, the parent company of United Illuminating, Southern Connecticut Gas and Connecticut Natural Gas, proposed the merger in late February.Iberdrola's $3 Billion UIL Takeover Rejected by Connecticut - BloombergConnecticut utility regulators turn down Iberdrola's $3B bid to buy UIL Holdings - New Haven Register"
p10
a.