(lp0
S'Ultimate Software: Plenty Of Growth And No Disaster Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 It is hard for a company to mis-report its revenues these days and get so many distinct groups to sign off on a financial statement.'
p1
aS'The Ultimate Software Group  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Feb 8, 2017 Mitchell K. Dauerman - The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Okay. Thank you, Tom, and good afternoon and thank you, everybody, for your interest in Ultimate Software.'
p2
aS'Newly Revealed Contracts From FOIA Requests Calls Into Question Ultimate ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 13, 2016 Spruce Point Capital Management is pleased to announce it has released the contents of a unique short idea involving The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. , a $5+ billion human resource software company where we see $110-$146 per share,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'The Ultimate Software Group  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Seeking Alpha - Nov 2, 2016 We will begin with comments from Mitchell Dauerman. Mitchell K. Dauerman - The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Thank you, Jessica, and good afternoon and thank you to everyone for your interest in Ultimate Software.3 Reasons Ultimate Software Should See A Top-Line Growth Surprise Next Year - Benzinga'
p4
aS"Ultimate Software: A Company People Love To Hate Seeking Alpha - Jun 7, 2016 But the company is quite unique in being one of the few reasonable profitable names in the SaaS world. And the company offers investors a unique combination of growth, visibility, profitability and a long-term record of consistency that's hard to match."
p5
aS"Credit Suisse Thinks Ultimate Software Group Is Also the Ultimate Stock 24/7 Wall St. - Apr 6, 2017 We view Ultimate Software's consistent execution over many years and the high degree of visibility into future operating results to be highly valued by investors, warranting its historical premium valuation to the peer group. Management has visibility ...Brokerages Set The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  Price Target at $226.31 - Sports Perspectives"
p6
aS'Spruce Point Issues Strong Sell Investment Opinion On The Ultimate Software ... ValueWalk - Dec 14, 2016 Spruce Point Capital Management is pleased to announce it has released the contents of a unique short idea involving The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. , a $5+ billion dollar human resource software company where we see $110 - $146 per&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'Post-Election Uncertainty Not Likely A Headwind For Ultimate Software Benzinga - Feb 7, 2017 The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  is scheduled to report its Q4 2016 results on Feb. 7. Management commentary around bookings would likely be bullish, and the quarterly results may be in line with to slightly above consensus, William&nbsp;...Ultimate Software Falls Short Despite Impressive Sales, Profit Growth - NasdaqThe Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  Issues Quarterly Earnings Results - Sports Perspectives'
p8
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: The Ultimate Software Group Inc Implied ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that The Ultimate Software Group Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p9
aS'191561 Shares in The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  Acquired by Norges Bank BBNS - 3 hours ago The Ultimate Software Group logo Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Trading Watch: Reviewing the Numbers for The Ultimate Software Group, Inc ... - Baldwin JournalThe Ultimate Software Group  Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.25 - Markets Daily'
p10
a.