(lp0
S'Be Careful With United Natural Foods Seeking Alpha - Apr 15, 2017 United Natural Foods  on the surface looks like it would make for a good investment. Sales are growing and the company recently reported the second highest free cash flow in its history. They serve a market that is rapidly growing. They ...'
p1
aS"Jana's call to overhaul Whole Foods supply chain has few takers Reuters - Apr 12, 2017 Activist investor Jana Partners' proposal that Whole Foods Market Inc  move grocery distribution in-house to reduce its dependence on its biggest supplier, United Natural Foods Inc , is easier said than done. The 18-year relationship ...United Natural Foods, Inc.  Upgraded to &quot;Hold&quot; at Zacks Investment Research - The Cerbat GemWhich Way Traders Signposts Tailored Brands, Inc. , United Natural Foods ... - StockNewsJournal"
p2
aS'United Natural Foods Inc. Expanding in Rhode Island PR Newswire  - Feb 15, 2017 PROVIDENCE, R.I., Feb. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rhode Island Governor Gina M. Raimondo and the Rhode Island Commerce Corporation today announced that United Natural Foods Inc.  intends to significantly expand its footprint in Rhode Island,&nbsp;...United Natural Foods to add 150 jobs at RI headquarters - WPRI 12 Eyewitness NewsRI-based distributor of natural, organic food to add 150 jobs - The Providence Journal'
p3
aS'United Natural Foods - Solid Performance In A Challenged Environment Seeking Alpha - Mar 13, 2017 United Natural Foods  is a promising business in a real growth area that is facing real headwinds at this moment.United Natural Foods Inc. Announces Restructuring Plan Amid Q2 Fiscal Results - And Now U KnowUnited Natural Foods, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results - Yahoo Finance'
p4
aS'Sources report layoffs at United Natural Foods The Keene Sentinel - Feb 23, 2017 Starting in upcoming months, a little less than 100 employees will be laid off from the Chesterfield division of United Natural Foods, Inc., a source told The Sentinel. The Sentinel granted this source and others, who include current employees ...'
p5
aS"United Natural Foods - Margin Headwinds Continue Into 2017 Seeking Alpha - Sep 13, 2016 The company has a long track record in terms of organic growth and bolt-on deal making, and is rapidly approaching the $10 billion sales mark.United Natural Foods Beats Earnings Views; 2017 Views Mixed - Investor's Business DailyDespite Broad Food Deflation, United Natural Foods Produces Better-Than ... - Forbes"
p6
aS'United Natural Foods is Now Oversold  Nasdaq - Feb 17, 2017 In trading on Friday, shares of United Natural Foods Inc.  entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 28.4, after changing hands as low as $44.27 per share.'
p7
aS'The Technicals For United Natural Foods, Inc.  Tell An Interesting Tale NY Stock News - Apr 12, 2017 The technicals for United Natural Foods, Inc.  have taken shape, and with them a comprehensive picture has emerged.'
p8
aS"United Natural: Healthy Food, Healthy Growth Barron's - Dec 9, 2016 Although near-term industry-related headwinds  will likely weigh on United Natural's absolute growth rate, we expect the company to benefit from its differentiated, service-focused, operating model and solid ..."
p9
aS"United Natural Foods'  CEO Steven Spinner on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings ... Seeking Alpha - Dec 8, 2016 This press release and webcast of today's call are available under the Investors section of the Company's website at www."
p10
a.