(lp0
S'Uni-Select Inc.: Bumper to Bumper announces the acquisition of Pacific Parts Marketwired  - Nov 30, 2016 BOUCHERVILLE, QUEBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc.  , announced today that one of its subsidiaries has completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Pacific Parts Ltd.'
p1
aS'Uni-Select Inc.: FinishMaster acquires Autobody Supply Co., adding nine ... Marketwired  - Nov 30, 2016 BOUCHERVILLE, QUEBEC-- - FinishMaster, Inc.,  a subsidiary of Uni-Select Inc.  , announced today it has completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Autobody Supply&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Uni-Select Inc.: FinishMaster Acquires Annex Group Inc. Marketwired  - Apr 4, 2016 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - FinishMaster, Inc., a leading distributor of paint and related products in the United States and subsidiary of Uni-Select Inc. , a leading distributor of automotive products in Canada,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS"National Bank Financial Weighs in on Uni Select Inc's Q4 2017 Earnings  The Cerbat Gem - 2 hours ago Uni Select logo Uni Select Inc  - Stock analysts at National Bank Financial increased their Q4 2017 earnings estimates for Uni Select in a research note issued to investors on Thursday, Zacks Investment Research reports.The Uni Select Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share, National Bank ... - Petro Global News 24"
p4
aS"Now Is the Time to Buy Uni Select Inc. The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 11, 2017 In case you haven't head of Uni Select Inc.  before, you may want to remember the company. This is one stock that should be in your portfolio."
p5
aS"Uni Select Inc. Once Again Demonstrates the Strength of its Business The Motley Fool Canada - Feb 10, 2017 Uni Select Inc.'s  results release show a sales increase of 12.3% in the fourth quarter of 2016 with FinishMaster's sales increasing 17.7%."
p6
aS'Uni-Select Inc. Is the Manufacturing Stock to Own The Motley Fool Canada - Jan 18, 2016 The low-flying loonie has been a curse and a blessing for different businesses. While the oil, gas, and mining sectors of the economy are reeling from the collapse of the dollar and crude prices, manufacturing companies such as Uni-Select Inc. (TSX:UNS ...'
p7
aS'Uni-Select Announces Appointment of Eric Bussieres as its Chief Financial Officer Marketwired  - Oct 19, 2015 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc. , a leading distributor of automotive products in Canada and paint and related products in the United States, announces the appointment of Eric Bussires as its Chief&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Uni-Select Announces Appointment of Chief Operating Officer Marketwired  - Jul 31, 2014 BOUCHERVILLE, QUBEC-- - Uni-Select Inc. , a major automotive aftermarket product distributor with activities across North America, is pleased to announce that its Board of Directors has appointed Henry Buckley as&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Icahn Enterprises LP Agrees to Acquire Assets of Uni-Select USA, Inc. GlobeNewswire  - Feb 9, 2015 NEW YORK, Feb. 9, 2015  -- Icahn Enterprises L.P.  today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of Uni-Select USA, Inc., a leading automotive parts distributor ...Uni-Select To Sell US Auto Parts Distribution Activities To Icahn For $340 Mln - RTT News'
p10
a.