(lp0
S'United Online, Owner of NetZero, Agrees to $170 Million Sale Wall Street Journal - May 5, 2016 United Online Inc., which has been to home to 1990s-vintage Internet brands such as NetZero and Classmates.com over the years, agreed to be sold for $170 million to B. Riley Financial Inc., more than five months after rejecting a bid.B. Riley Financial to Acquire United Online for $11.00 per share, Announces ... - PR Newswire '
p1
aS'United Online Acquisition: The Offer Price Is Too Low Seeking Alpha - May 9, 2016 I mean, you propose someone to take care of your interests in a company, and then he/she just cannot accomplish an acceptable job.'
p2
aS'B. Riley Financial Completes Acquisition of United Online PR Newswire  - Jul 1, 2016 LOS ANGELES, July 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- B. Riley Financial, Inc. , a diversified provider of financial and business advisory services, has completed the acquisition of United Online, Inc. , an Internet access and services&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'United Online Completes Sale of MyPoints Business Wire  - Apr 19, 2016 WOODLAND HILLS, Calif.----United Online, Inc. , a leading provider of consumer services and products over the Internet, today announced that it has completed the sale of all of the stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary,&nbsp;...Prodege, LLC, Parent Company of Swagbucks, Acquires Leading Shopping Rewards ... - Marketwired '
p4
aS'B. Riley Diversified Equity Fund Awarded Four-Star Ranking by Morningstar in ... Nasdaq - Apr 12, 2017 Since the acquisition of United Online, Inc.  in July 2016, B. Riley Financial, Inc. also provides internet access services under the NetZero and Juno brands.'
p5
aS"Chris Christie blasts United for evicted passenger flap Daily Mail - Apr 12, 2017 In 2010, United Airlines' parent company UAL Corp bought Continental Airlines Inc for $3.17billion in an all-stock deal that at the time formed the world's largest carrier."
p6
aS"Bride and groom removed from United Airlines flight Independent Online - Apr 17, 2017 The airline suffered a public relations disaster after a video emerged a week ago showing security officers dragging a bloodied passenger off an overbooked United Express flight in Chicago. Shares in United's owner, United Continental Holdings Inc ...United's profit falls 69%, beats forecasts - Arkansas OnlineUnited Air removes engaged couple traveling to wedding from plane - New Straits Times Online"
p7
aS'Great American Capital Partners Provides $30 Million to hhgregg, Inc. as part ... GlobeNewswire  - Mar 23, 2017 The Company also makes proprietary investments in other businesses, such as the acquisition of United Online, Inc. (www.'
p8
aS"United Airlines: What can we learn from company's 'breathtakingly bad' crisis ... ABC Online - Apr 13, 2017 Despite making three apologies over the incident, online petitions calling for Mr Munoz's resignation have attracted tens of thousands of signatures.United shares fall after violent eviction of passenger - Daily MailUnited declines as social-media firestorm spreads worldwide - The Star Online"
p9
aS"United beats on key measures, apologizes again for dragging incident TODAYonline - 12 hours ago ... Holdings Inc's &lt;UAL.N&gt; first-quarter earnings on Monday beat analysts' expectations on several key measures, and the carrier again apologized for the forceful removal of a passenger from a flight last week."
p10
a.