(lp0
S'Baldwin Brothers Inc Buys United Parcel Service, Sealed Air, Verizon ... GuruFocus.com - 21 hours ago Investment company Baldwin Brothers Inc buys United Parcel Service, Sealed Air, Verizon Communications, MetLife, Akamai Technologies, Union Pacific, Lockheed Martin, Alaska Air Group, Zoetis, iShares TIPS Bond, sells Thermo Fisher Scientific,&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'United Parcel Service, Inc.  Delivers Clear Picture With Technicals NY Stock News - 21 hours ago United Parcel Service, Inc.  is now trading with a very clear set of technicals. Taken together they paint a very compelling picture of how investors and traders should be approaching UPS.United Parcel Service, Inc.  Stake Boosted by Lathrop Investment ... - Markets DailyForbes J M &amp; Co. LLP Raises Stake in United Parcel Service, Inc.  - The Cerbat Gem'
p2
aS'I Purchased United Parcel Service Inc. to Meet These Specific Objectives ValueWalk - Apr 3, 2017 United Parcel Service Inc.  currently offers a dividend yield in excess of 3%. Moreover, it is also available at a valuation that is slightly below historical norms.Changes coming to UPS delivery service - Louisville Business First'
p3
aS"The Chart Readings For United Parcel Service, Inc.  Are In NY Stock News - Apr 13, 2017 United Parcel Service, Inc.  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics.United Parcel Service  Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage ... - Markets DailyBanco Santander S.A. Invests $2.293 Million in United Parcel Service, Inc.  - The Cerbat Gem"
p4
aS'Better Buy: FedEx Corporation vs. United Parcel Service Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2017 ... delivery industry: Should you choose FedEx Corporation  or United Parcel Service  stock? Or even buy both -- or avoid both?Big Show By United Parcel Service, Inc. , And Its Technical Chart - NY Stock News'
p5
aS"Investors must not feel shy to buy these stocks: United Parcel Service, Inc ... StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago United Parcel Service, Inc.  market capitalization at present is $90.18B at the rate of $103.74 a share. The firm's price-to-sales ratio was noted 1.48 in contrast with an overall industry average of 0.53."
p6
aS'UPS Buys First Used Boeing 767s With New Ones Out of Reach Bloomberg - Apr 8, 2017 United Parcel Service Inc. purchased its first used Boeing Co. 767s, grabbing older models that are in high demand as package shipments increase globally and production slots for new versions of the plane are sold out.'
p7
aS"Important Analyst Opinions about Stock Earnings: United Parcel Service, Inc.'s ... Is stories - 22 hours ago United Parcel Service, Inc.'s  witnessed a loss of -0.47% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 103.74."
p8
aS'United Parcel Service, Inc.  Stock Will Show Resistance At $104.3 USA Commerce Daily - 20 hours ago With all other things going on, United Parcel Service, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -8.23 percent in just three months.'
p9
aS"Drilling Down Into the Charts for United Parcel Service, Inc.  The USA Commerce - 14 hours ago We have gathered the technical data on United Parcel Service, Inc. , and see some interesting trends in the stock's behavior of late."
p10
a.