(lp0
S"What to Expect When U.S. Bancorp  Reports Q1 Earnings? Zacks.com - 22 hours ago Will the upcoming earnings release give a boost to U.S. Bancorp's stock? This depends largely on whether the firm is able to post a beat in the first quarter.Bank Stock Roundup: JPM, WFC, C, PNC Kickstart Q1 Earnings with Optimism - Nasdaq"
p1
aS"US Bancorp's Unique Approach to Efficiency Motley Fool - Apr 11, 2017 U.S. Bancorp  has long been one of the most efficient big banks in the United States. But the Minneapolis-based bank doesn't approach efficiency in the same way that most of its competitors do."
p2
aS"US Bancorp's Unique Approach to Balancing Its Stakeholders Motley Fool - Apr 9, 2017 U.S. Bancorp  has found a formula that clearly works. While most banks struggled to survive the past decade, U.S. Bancorp's strength through the financial crisis has allowed it to consolidate its position atop the industry. How did it do so ..."
p3
aS"US Bancorp: The Antifragile Bank Motley Fool - Mar 21, 2017 Taleb wasn't talking about banks per se, but his point about antifragility captures the core quality of the best-run banks. U.S. Bancorp  offers a case in point. The following graph shows the trend in U.S. Bancorp's book value per share, the ..."
p4
aS"How US Bancorp Climbed to the Top of the Bank Industry Motley Fool - Apr 6, 2017 U.S. Bancorp  is one of the rare exceptions to this. Listen to the following segment of Industry Focus: Financials as The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and John Maxfield discuss how the Minneapolis-based bank not only survived the financial ..."
p5
aS'An Interview With Richard Davis -- Chairman and CEO of US Bancorp Motley Fool - Apr 3, 2017 Richard Davis is the chairman and soon-to-retire CEO of U.S. Bancorp , the most profitable big bank in the United States.'
p6
aS'T Rowe Price Equity Income Fund Buys US Bancorp, Wells Fargo, Occidental ... GuruFocus.com - 12 hours ago Investment company T Rowe Price Equity Income Fund buys US Bancorp, Wells Fargo, Occidental Petroleum, Qualcomm, Verizon Communications, Medtronic PLC, Gilead Sciences, Chubb, United Parcel Service, Philip Morris International, sells Union&nbsp;...'
p7
aS"US Bancorp Fund Services names president HedgeWeek - Mar 31, 2017 Joe is the right person at the right time to take US Bancorp Fund Services to the next level, both in client service and the growth of the business, says Gunjan Kedia, vice chairman of US Bancorp's wealth management and securities services division ...US Bancorp Fund Services president Joe Redwine to retire, Joe Neuberger named ... - HousingWire"
p8
aS'Neuberger named president of US Bancorp Fund Services BizTimes.com  - Mar 30, 2017 It is truly an honor to be named the next president of U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, Neuberger said. I am passionate about our associates, clients, partnerships and commitment to a tradition of service excellence.'
p9
aS'U.S. Bancorp  Position Maintained by Carroll Financial Associates Inc. BNB Daily  - 15 hours ago U.S. Bancorp logo Carroll Financial Associates Inc. maintained its position in shares of U.S. Bancorp  during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC.First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA Cuts Position in U.S. Bancorp  - The Cerbat GemU.S. Bancorp  Stake Held by Fenimore Asset Management Inc. - Community Financial News'
p10
a.