(lp0
S'Stocks: The USG Corporation  Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Petro Global News 24 - Jan 19, 2017 According to Zacks, USG Corp., through its subsidiaries, is a leading manufacturer and distributor of building materials producing a wide range of products for use in new residential, new nonresidential and repair and remodel construction, as well as ...'
p1
aS"USG Corporation Wins Award of Excellence for Lean Six Sigma Deployment of the Year Business Wire  - Apr 12, 2017 CHICAGO----USG Corporation , an industry-leading manufacturer of building products and innovative solutions, is a recipient of the 2017 Lean &amp; Six Sigma World Excellence Award for 'Lean Six Sigma Deployment of the Year'&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"USG Corporation First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Yahoo Finance - Apr 13, 2017 USG Corporation , a leading building products company, will hold a conference call and webcast to discuss first quarter 2017 results on Thursday, April 27, 2017 at 9:00 a.m.Analysts Tracking USG Corporation : Updates &amp; Recommendations - The HeraldUSG Corporation's  stock price is now at $31.69 Analysts' mean ... - Hot Stocks Point"
p3
aS"USG Corporation : From Top to Bottom StockNewsJournal - 15 hours ago USG Corporation  is an interesting player in the Industrial Goods space, with a focus on General Building Materials. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $31.08, up from yesterday's close by 0.19%.The FY2017 EPS Estimates for USG Corporation  Lowered by Analyst - Petro Global News 24Nomura Begins Coverage on USG Co.  - Chaffey Breeze"
p4
aS"USG Corporation CIO Creighton Warren Recognized as Technology Leader Yahoo Finance - Apr 5, 2017 USG Corporation , an industry-leading manufacturer of building products and innovative solutions, is proud to announce that its Chief Information Officer Creighton Warren has been named a 'Premier 100 Technology Leader' by Computerworld,&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'USG Corporation: USG and Infinity Drain Partnership Blends Elegance with Smart ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 4, 2017 CHICAGO -  - USG Corporation , a leading building materials manufacturer, today announces a new partnership with Infinity Drain and unveils the USG Durock Brand Infinity Drain Shower System.'
p6
aS"Sell-side is Weighing in on USG Corporation  Earnings Aiken Advocate - 19 hours ago Company earnings numbers are typically highly analyzed by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can provide insight into a company's profitability."
p7
aS'Investor Watch: Looking at the Numbers for USG Corporation  Baldwin Journal - 4 hours ago USG Corporation  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 5523009. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p8
aS"Trex Co. Inc. and USG Corporation Head to Head Compare CML News - Apr 15, 2017 Trex Company Inc has a higher fundamental rating than USG Corporation which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition."
p9
aS'What Are Analysts Recommending on USG Corporation ? The Herald - Apr 15, 2017 Monitoring analyst opinions on a company they track might assist investors with gathering vital information. Out of the 11 covering analysts offering stock ratings for USG Corporation , 3 have shares pegged a Strong Buy while 1 analysts have ...'
p10
a.