(lp0
S"Attorney general: Conspiracy tried to manipulate Video Display Corp. stock Atlanta Business Chronicle - Sep 3, 2014 A long-time member of the board of directors of Atlanta-based Video Display Corp. has resigned after New Hampshire's attorney general uncovered a long-running scheme to try to manipulate the price of the company's stock."
p1
aS"Video Display Corp Successfully Completes Sale of Aydin Displays GlobeNewswire  - Sep 3, 2013 TUCKER, Ga., Sept. 3, 2013  -- Video Display Corporation   today announced the successful completion of the sale of the assets and specified liabilities of the Company's Aydin Displays Inc subsidiary."
p2
aS'Checking the Numbers for Video Display Corporation  Lenox Ledger - 14 hours ago Video Display Corporation  has a current Value Composite Score of 54. Using a scale from 0 to 100, a lower score would indicate an undervalued company and a higher score would signal an expensive or overvalued company.'
p3
aS'Video Display CEO Ordway blasts Obama, socialism Bizjournals.com - Aug 24, 2012 Video Display Corp. Chairman and CEO Ronald Ordway issued a letter to shareholders Friday blasting President Barack Obama, lamenting the state of political and economic affairs in America, announcing his plans to retire in a year or so and revealing ...'
p4
aS"VDC Display Systems Announces Ed Boland as US Director of Business Development GlobeNewswire  - Sep 4, 2014 ATLANTA, Sept. 4, 2014  -- Video Display Corporation  is pleased to announce that the Company's VDC Display Systems subsidiary in Cape Canaveral, Florida, leading supplier of customized, integrated solutions for&nbsp;..."
p5
aS"Porn video played on advertisement display at Rajiv Chowk metro station in ... Zee News - Apr 15, 2017 With a video of the giant screen playing the explicit clip going viral on Saturday, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation  claimed being &quot;unaware&quot; about the clip and put the onus on a private contractor entrusted with installing the screen meant for ...Watch: Rajiv Chowk metro station turns into 'porn hub' as obscene video plays ... - Daily News & AnalysisPorn clip at Rajiv Chowk Delhi Metro station: DMRC orders inquiry - India Today"
p6
aS"PPG and Universal Display Corporation to Expand Production Capacity of ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 6, 2017 PPG  and Universal Display Corporation  today announced that Universal Display will invest $15 million in PPG's Barberton, Ohio, manufacturing facility to double commercial production capacity for Universal Display's proprietary&nbsp;..."
p7
aS'Universal Display Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 13, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 10, 2017 Universal Display Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 13, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.03 per share is scheduled to be paid on March 31, 2017.'
p8
aS'Universal Display Corporation Announces First Quarter 2017 Conference Call and ... Yahoo Finance - Nov 16, 2016 Universal Display Corporation , enabling energy-efficient displays and lighting with its UniversalPHOLED technology and materials, today announced that its results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017, will be released on Thursday, May 4 ...'
p9
aS'Universal Display Corporation and Tianma Micro-electronics Enter into Long ... Yahoo Finance - Aug 4, 2016 Universal Display Corporation , enabling energy-efficient displays and lighting with its UniversalPHOLED technology and materials, today announced the signing of an OLED Technology License Agreement and Supplemental Material Purchase&nbsp;...'
p10
a.