(lp0
S'Trading Sheet: Watching the Levels for Vermillion, Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 12 hours ago Vermillion, Inc.  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 4. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p1
aS'Vermillion Announces Publication of Ovarian Cancer Symptoms Index Study PR Newswire  - Mar 29, 2017 Vermillion, Inc. is dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of novel high-value diagnostic and bio-analytical solutions that help physicians diagnose, treat and improve gynecologic health outcomes for women.'
p2
aS"Is Vermillion Inc  Financially Strong Enough To Weather A Storm? Simply Wall St - Mar 28, 2017 Vermillion Inc  is a small-cap company - a market capitalization of less than $2 billion. Such companies have the highest growth potential, primarily due to their small-size.Vermillion, Inc.  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday - The Cerbat GemInvestors Spotlight: Vermillion, Inc.'s  stock price finalizes at $2.22 ... - WsNews 4investors"
p3
aS'ASPiRA LABs Announces Contracted In-Network Agreement with Blue Cross Blue ... PR Newswire  - Mar 1, 2017 &quot;We are pleased to announce our Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan agreement for OVA1 ,&quot; said Valerie Palmieri, President and CEO of Vermillion, Inc. &quot;We continue to execute on our managed care strategy, which has direct impact on access for&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Vermillion and ASPiRA LABs Applaud the FDA's Position on Ovarian Cancer Screening PR Newswire  - Sep 9, 2016 Vermillion, Inc. is dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of novel high-value diagnostic and bio-analytical solutions that help physicians diagnose, treat and improve gynecologic health outcomes for women."
p5
aS'Vermillion Announces FDA Clearance of Overa, Second Generation OVA1 Test PR Newswire  - Mar 21, 2016 AUSTIN, Texas, March 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Vermillion, Inc. , a bio-analytical solutions company focused on gynecologic disease, announced today the receipt of 510 marketing clearance from the U.S.'
p6
aS'Equity Review: Looking Closer at Shares of Vermillion, Inc.  BVN - 17 hours ago Investors may be checking on some financial ratios for Vermillion, Inc. . Currently, the company has a Gross Margin  ratio of -0.006983.'
p7
aS'Vermillion, Inc.  Pops Higher on New Investment The Oracle Dispatch - Feb 18, 2017 Vermillion, Inc.  is a diagnostics firm with strong growth on the top line in its latest reports. The stock has started to rip higher recently.Vermillion, Inc.  Insider Acquires $864823.40 in Stock - The Cerbat Gem'
p8
aS'Vermillion to Showcase Comparison of Overa and ROMA Algorithms at ACOG ... PR Newswire  - May 16, 2016 AUSTIN, Texas, May 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Vermillion, Inc. , a bio-analytical solutions company today announced positive top line results from a study entitled, &quot;Clinical Performance Comparison of Two IVDMIAs for Pre-Surgical&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Vermillion Strengthens Board of Directors with Appointments of Veronica Jordan ... PR Newswire  - Dec 12, 2014 12, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Vermillion, Inc. , a bio-analytical solutions company focused on gynecologic disease, announced today the appointments of Veronica G. H. Jordan, Ph.'
p10
a.