(lp0
S'American Research &amp; Management Co. Has $979000 Stake in Vertex Pharmaceuticals ... The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago Vertex Pharmaceuticals logo American Research &amp; Management Co. decreased its stake in Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  by 0.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 8,950&nbsp;...How much upside really exists in Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX ... - USA Commerce DailyCullinan Associates Inc. Reduces Stake in Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated ... - BBNS'
p1
aS"It's Time To Take Profits On Vertex Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 After strong performance over the last three months and a 57% increase year-to-date, a valuation check suggests Vertex Pharmaceuticals' risk/reward is now much less compelling. DCF Analysis shows Vertex is undervalued by only between 3% (Perpetuity&nbsp;..."
p2
aS"Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Shares Soar on Back of Positive ... Smarter Analyst - Mar 29, 2017 Following yesterday's closing bell, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  announced positive Phase 3 results from two highly anticipated studies evaluating the tezacaftor and ivacaftor  combo in cystic fibrosis.Vetr Turns Bearish On Vertex After Drug Trial Success - BenzingaVertex Investors Toast Birth Of The Son Of Orkambi - Seeking Alpha"
p3
aS'The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Esperion Therapeutics, Vertex ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 7, 2017 Stocks recently featured in the blog include Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. , Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated , Nektar Therapeutics , Argos Therapeutics, Inc.'
p4
aS'3 Stocks to Watch on Wednesday: RH , Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated ... Investorplace.com - Mar 29, 2017 U.S. stock markets finally got their spirit back on Tuesday, snapping out of a funk that lasted more than a week. The S&amp;P 500 Index moved ahead by 0.7% yesterday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average got out of its eight-day slide by advancing 0.7%, and ...'
p5
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals  Shares March Higher, Can It Continue? Nasdaq - Apr 6, 2017 As of late, it has definitely been a great time to be an investor in Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated VRTX . The stock has moved higher by 22.9% in the past month, while it is also above its 20 Day SMA too.'
p6
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Moves Higher on Volume Spike for ... Equities.com - Apr 5, 2017 Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 05, as the stock gained 1.62% to close at $114.11.The Technicals For Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated , An Important ... - NY Stock NewsVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Moves The Company Closer To The Triplet - Smrt Stck Nws'
p7
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Rises 4.5% for April 04 Equities.com - Apr 4, 2017 Among the biggest risers on the S&amp;P 500 on Tuesday April 04 was Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated , popping some 4.5% to a price of $112.29 a share with some 2.91 million shares trading hands.'
p8
aS'Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  Lifted to &quot;Outperform&quot; at BMO ... BBNS - 3 hours ago Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated logo BMO Capital Markets upgraded shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a report released on Wednesday morning.'
p9
aS'Stock Numbers: Checking on Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated ... Benton Bulletin - 22 hours ago Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  presently has a Piotroski F-Score of 6. The goal of the F-Score is to help locate companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p10
a.