(lp0
S'The Microsemi Corporation  PT Raised to $62.00 at Mizuho Petro Global News 24 - Jan 27, 2017 SunTrust Banks, Inc. reiterated a buy rating and issued a $51.00 price target on shares of Microsemi Corporation in a research note on Saturday, October 29th. Deutsche Bank AG started coverage on Microsemi Corporation in a research note on Tuesday ...'
p1
aS"Microsemi Corporation to Acquire Vitesse Semiconductor Corporation PR Newswire  - Mar 18, 2015 &quot;This acquisition is further evidence of Microsemi's continuing commitment to grow as a communications semiconductor company,&quot; stated James J. Peterson, Microsemi chairman and CEO. &quot;Vitesse's highly complementary technology suite will expand our&nbsp;...Industrial IoT Drives Microsemi-Vitesse Merger - EE Times"
p2
aS'Vitesse Investor Seeks Appraisal After $389M Microsemi Deal Law360  - Jul 13, 2015 The petition seeks appraisal of 1.2 million shares of common stock of what was Vitesse, and now called Microsemi Communications Inc., under what is a statutory right under Delaware law for minority shareholders to have the fair value of their stock ...'
p3
aS"Analyst's Bullish on these two stock Following meeting with Industry ... StockNewsJournal - Apr 11, 2017 For Microsemi Corporation , Stochastic %D value stayed at 22.21% for the last 9 days. Considering more the value stands at 18.62% and 18.01% for 14 and 20 days, in that order.Brokerages Set Microsemi Co.  Price Target at $53.36 - The Cerbat Gem$0.73 EPS Expected for Microsemi ; Last Week Hydrogenics  (HYGS ... - Herald KS"
p4
aS"Chipmaker Microsemi Runs Sales Process After Skyworks Approach Bloomberg - Nov 2, 2016 That gives the Aliso Viejo, California-based company a market value of about $5.3 billion. Representatives for Microsemi, Skyworks and Bank of Montreal didn't respond to requests for comment. Microsemi makes chips for defense, communications and&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Microsemi Announces Definitive Agreement to Divest Business to Mercury Systems ... PR Newswire  - Mar 23, 2016 Microsemi Corporation  offers a comprehensive portfolio of semiconductor and system solutions for communications, defense &amp; security, aerospace and industrial markets. Products include high-performance and radiation-hardened analog&nbsp;...Mercury acquisition embeds its presence in military systems - Defense Systems'
p6
aS"MaxLinear buys cell tower chip assets from Microsemi The San Diego Union-Tribune - May 3, 2016 MaxLinear, which purchased San Diego set-top box chip maker Entropic Communications last year for $285 million, said the Microsemi deal won't impact its per-share earnings this year. It is expected to benefit the company's financial results next year."
p7
aS"Microsemi's Space Products Support Iridium NEXT Satellite Program PR Newswire  - Mar 9, 2017 Microsemi Corporation  offers a comprehensive portfolio of semiconductor and system solutions for aerospace &amp; defense, communications, data center and industrial markets. Products include high-performance and radiation-hardened&nbsp;..."
p8
aS"Microsemi rides positive outlook for defense spending Bend Bulletin - Jan 6, 2017 Shares in semiconductor maker Microsemi are up 75 percent over a year ago, as investors remain optimistic about the company's ties to defense and aerospace, as well as the possibility that Microsemi will be acquired. Headquartered in Aliso Viejo ..."
p9
aS'Zacks Investment Research Lowers Microsemi Co.  to Sell Sports Perspectives - 1 hour ago Microsemi logo Microsemi Co.  was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday.Brokerages Set Microsemi Co.  PT at $53.36 - BBNSThe Microsemi Corporation  Stake Maintained by Advantus Capital ... - Petro Global News 24'
p10
a.