(lp0
S"BNC Bancorp Completes Merger with Valley Financial Corporation PR Newswire  - Jul 1, 2015 ... announced the successful completion of its merger with Valley Financial Corporation , the parent company of Valley Bank , thereby expanding BNC's presence into Southwest Virginia and the Greater Roanoke MSA&nbsp;..."
p1
aS'Valley Financial Corp. Virginia  Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 The Cerbat Gem - Apr 5, 2017 Valley Financial Corp. Virginia logo Headlines about Valley Financial Corp. Virginia  have been trending positive on Wednesday, according to AlphaOne Sentiment.'
p2
aS'North Carolina bank BNC completes purchase of Valley Bank Roanoke Times - Jul 1, 2015 Created by local business leaders in 1995, Valley Bank operates nine offices. It now belongs to a much larger organization of 37 offices in North Carolina and 12 in South Carolina.'
p3
aS'Valley Bank expects to merge with BNC Bank Roanoke Times - Nov 18, 2014 BNC plans to pay Valley Financial shareholders using BNC stock. Bruce Whitehurst, who directs the Virginia Bankers Association, said bank merger activity is up and, while each case features unique aspects, a common reason to merge is to better manage&nbsp;...Bank of North Carolina to acquire Virginia bank - Charlotte Business Journal'
p4
aS"Valley Financial Corp. Virginia  Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.03 Chaffey Breeze - Apr 14, 2017 Valley Financial Corp. Virginia earned a media sentiment score of -0.03 on AlphaOne's scale. AlphaOne also assigned headlines about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Veteran local banker Gutshall announces retirement Roanoke Times - Feb 17, 2016 Gutshall entered banking as a management trainee at First Virginia Bank in 1973 after graduating from Washington and Lee University.'
p6
aS"Poca Valley Bank alleges debtor, guarantors owe $31000 West Virginia Record - Dec 1, 2016 6, 2011, Poca Valley Bank plaintiff provided a line of credit to Eddie's Tire and Service up to $30,000 with commercial guaranties from Eddie and Diana Smith."
p7
aS"BNC Bank to merge with Pinnacle Roanoke Times - Jan 23, 2017 BNC Bank, which bought Roanoke's Valley Bank about 19 months ago, announced Sunday it will unite with a larger Tennessee bank. Nashville-based Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc., the operator of Pinnacle Bank, said it will pay an estimated $1.9 billion ...Pinnacle buying BNC Bank - WSLSPinnacle buys its first out-of-state lender in $1.9B deal - Nashville Business Journal"
p8
aS"Banks' mergers in West Virginia look solid Parkersburg News - Oct 2, 2016 Richard Adams is the chairman, chief executive officer, chairman of executive committee, Chairman of United Bank West Virginia and Chief Executive Officer of United Bank West Virginia, United Bankshares Inc. He stated the process of United purchasing a ..."
p9
aS"Alecto Seeks 'Financially Distressed' Tag in Ohio Valley Medical Center Issue Wheeling Intelligencer - 5 hours ago Photo by Scott McCloskey Alecto Healthcare Services, the California-based firm seeking to purchase Ohio Valley Medical Center, pictured, and East Ohio Regional Hospital, hopes to take advantage of a new West Virginia law to expedite the transaction."
p10
a.