(lp0
S'Grab Verizon Communications Inc  today with a solid 4.74% dividend yield Simply Wall St - 19 hours ago If you are an income investor then Verizon Communications Inc  should be on your radar. Verizon Communications Inc, through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information, and entertainment products and services to consumers,&nbsp;...Verizon Communications Inc.  Closes 0.39% Up on the Day for April 17 - Equities.comVerizon Communications Inc.  Stake Reduced by Iberiabank Corp - The Cerbat Gem'
p1
aS"Why Verizon Communications Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2017 Most recently, we've seen the return of unlimited data plans, something Verizon insisted was unnecessary right up to the point when it finally unveiled its new offer.Is Sprint Signaling a Shift in Focus Toward Profitability? - 24/7 Wall St."
p2
aS'Better Buy: Verizon Communications Inc. vs. AT&amp;T Motley Fool - Mar 29, 2017 But if you look at their payout ratios , Verizon has a slight advantage.Verizon Communications Inc.  Closes 1.09% Down on the Day for March 27 - Equities.comDigging Up the Facts on Verizon Communications Inc.  - StockNewsJournal'
p3
aS"Risk Arbitrage Today: AT&amp;T Vs. Verizon Seeking Alpha - 19 hours ago Could there be a bidding war for Straight Path Communications, Inc. ? Reuters is citing sources that say that Verizon Communications  is considering a making a bid for STRP which would top rival AT&amp;T's  definitive&nbsp;...Why Straight Path Communications Inc. Stock Popped  Today - Motley FoolBig Movers in U.S. Stocks Now - Verizon Communications Inc. , Deere ... - Wall Street Times "
p4
aS"It's Time to Switch Wireless Carriers to Verizon Communications Inc.  Investorplace.com - Apr 6, 2017 As the U.S. wireless telecom backbone has evolved since its infancy of the late 1990s, the game, save for a few minor players, has been dominated by two companies: AT&amp;T Inc.  and Verizon Communications Inc. . It's Time to Switch&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'Verizon Communications Inc.  And The Naked Truth Exposed In Its Technicals NY Stock News - 18 hours ago Verizon Communications Inc.  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p6
aS"Is Verizon Communications Inc. Stock  Great for Value Investors? Investorplace.com - Apr 13, 2017 Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when ...Is Verizon a Great Stock for Value Investors? - Zacks.com"
p7
aS'Verizon Communications Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for April 06, 2017 Nasdaq - Apr 5, 2017 Verizon Communications Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on April 06, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.577 per share is scheduled to be paid on May 01, 2017.'
p8
aS'Can Verizon  Pull Off a Surprise this Earnings Season? Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago U.S. telecom behemoth Verizon Communications Inc. VZ is slated to report first-quarter 2017 results, before the opening bell on Apr 20.'
p9
aS"Verizon considering topping AT&amp;T's bid for Straight Path: sources Reuters - Apr 13, 2017 Verizon Communications Inc  is considering making a buyout offer for Straight Path Communications Inc  which would top AT&amp;T Inc's (T.Verizon considering topping AT&amp;T's bid to buy Straight Path: sources - Fox Business"
p10
a.