(lp0
S'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... Seeking Alpha - Feb 21, 2017 Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2016 fourth quarter earnings call.Traders Recap: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation '
p1
aS"Sluggish Conditions Continue to Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... Motley Fool - Oct 25, 2016 The sluggish global economy continues to impact Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies' , or Wabtec, financial results.Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Westinghouse Air Brake shares could rise 20 pct in a year -Barron's Reuters - Apr 17, 2017 April 16 Shares of railroad equipment provider Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp could rise as much as 20 percent as robust growth in the global mass-transit market offsets a recent slump in freight volumes, Barron's said.Looking at the Numbers for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation ... - Baldwin JournalMountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Has $22.138 Million Stake in ... - Markets Daily"
p3
aS"Global Economic Headwinds Derail Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.'s ... Motley Fool - Jul 25, 2016 The global economic and currency headwinds that had been plaguing Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, over the past few quarters strengthened in the second quarter.Stifel Analyst Reiterates Buy on Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  - Smarter Analyst"
p4
aS'What to Watch When Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Apr 22, 2016 While Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, faced challenges in some of its key markets last year, the company expects to deliver record results in 2016.'
p5
aS'3 Things to Watch When Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Reports Earnings Motley Fool - Feb 16, 2016 Despite the impact weaker commodity prices and the slowing global economy is having on the rail industry, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies , or Wabtec, had a fairly solid year in 2015, at least through the first three quarters. What ...'
p6
aS'Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  Moves Higher on Volume ... Equities.com - Apr 3, 2017 Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  traded on unusually high volume on Apr. 03, as the stock gained 0.05% to close at $78.04.Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation Risk Points versus Industrials - CML NewsBuy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies ... - The USA Commerce'
p7
aS"Here's Why Caterpillar Inc., Joy Global Inc., and Westinghouse Air Brake ... Motley Fool - Apr 9, 2016 What: Shares of major industrial manufacturers Caterpillar , Joy Global , and Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. , finished March up strongly. This continued what has been a very run for all three stocks, going&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Why to Keeping Eye on Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (WAB ... StockNewsJournal - Apr 13, 2017 Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation  established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 9.05 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that&nbsp;...Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  Given Daily Media Sentiment ... - The Cerbat GemWestinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp  Upgraded at Wellington Shields - Markets Daily'
p9
aS"What is the Short Interest on Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation ... Midway Monitor - 13 hours ago Investors are looking at Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation 's short data, trying to figure out market sentiment on which way the market thinks the stock is moving."
p10
a.