(lp0
S'Ex-Dividend Reminder: Citigroup, WestAmerica Bancorporation and Independent ... Forbes - Jan 31, 2017 Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 2/2/17, Citigroup Inc , WestAmerica Bancorporation , and Independent Bank Group Inc.  will all trade ex-dividend for their respective upcoming&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'WestAmerica Bancorporation Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for WABC Nasdaq - Mar 27, 2017 In trading on Monday, shares of WestAmerica Bancorporation  crossed below their 200 day moving average of $53.74, changing hands as low as $53.15 per share.'
p2
aS'Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Westamerica Bancorporation ... Sports Perspectives - 20 hours ago Westamerica Bancorporation logo Press coverage about Westamerica Bancorporation  has trended positive recently, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports.Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $8.414 Million Position in Westamerica ... - The Cerbat GemWhich Analysts Are Watching Westamerica Bancorporation ? - Fiscal Standard'
p3
aS'Stock Returns: Fidelity Southern Corporation  is Beating ... CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Fidelity Southern Corporation  versus Westamerica Bancorporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Westamerica ... - BBNS'
p4
aS'Westamerica Bancorporation Announces Acquisition of County Bank Business Wire  - Feb 7, 2009 SAN RAFAEL, Calif.----Westamerica Bancorporation  announced today its wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Westamerica Bank, entered an agreement with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  to purchase&nbsp;...Banks Fail in Georgia, California - TheStreet.com'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: IBERIABANK Corporation  is Beating Westamerica ... CML News - Apr 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for IBERIABANK Corporation  versus Westamerica Bancorporation  .'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Eagle Bancorp Inc  is Beating Westamerica ... CML News - Apr 3, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Eagle Bancorp Inc  versus Westamerica Bancorporation  .Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $171000 Stake in Westamerica ... - Community Financial News'
p7
aS'Stock Alert and Holding Pattern: Westamerica Bancorporation Realized ... CML News - Mar 24, 2017 Before we cover the full analysis we make a quick alert here that Westamerica Bancorporation  has seen its stock price move at an amplified level.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Live Oak Bancshares Inc  is Beating Westamerica ... CML News - Mar 25, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Live Oak Bancshares Inc  versus Westamerica Bancorporation  .Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Westamerica Bancorporation  - The Cerbat Gem'
p9
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Westamerica Bancorporation Implied Price ... CML News - Apr 11, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Westamerica Bancorporation  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p10
a.