(lp0
S"Washington Federal  Beats Q2 Earnings, Costs Decline Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago Washington Federal is well positioned to grow organically supported by a continuous rise in loan balances. Also, its solid capital and liquidity position make it well poised to grow through acquisitions.What Type of Consensus Views Analysts hold about Washington Federal, Inc.'s ... - Hot Stocks PointWashington Federal Inc.  Stake Maintained by Teachers Retirement System ... - The Cerbat Gem"
p1
aS"Washington Federal, Inc. to acquire Anchor Bancorp for $63.9 Million in stock The Daily World - Apr 13, 2017 SEATTLE - Washington Federal, Inc. and Anchor Bancorp announced Thursday the signing of a merger agreement. The deal calls for the merger of Anchor with and into Washington Federal followed by the merger of Anchor's wholly owned subsidiary,&nbsp;...Washington Federal Announces 4% Increase In Quarterly Earnings - PR Newswire Will Washington Federal Inc  Continue To Underperform Its Industry? - Simply Wall St"
p2
aS'Anchor Bank Merges With Washington Federal, Inc. for $63.9 Million in Stock KBKW News - Apr 13, 2017 Washington Federal, Inc. has announced that they have completed the merger with Anchor Bank. The company announced earlier this week the signing of a definitive merger agreement which calls for the merger of Anchor with and into the Company,&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Washington Federal Inc.  Position Decreased by Envestnet Asset ... The Cerbat Gem - 4 hours ago Washington Federal logo Envestnet Asset Management Inc. cut its position in shares of Washington Federal Inc.  by 4.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .Washington Federal, Inc.  Under Analyst Spotlight - UK Market News'
p4
aS"Washington Federal Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies The Cerbat Gem - 18 hours ago Washington Federal logo Washington Federal Inc. 's stock had its neutral rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies in a note issued to investors on Monday."
p5
aS"Washington Federal Promotes Kim Robison to Manage Operations Yahoo Finance - Mar 27, 2017 SEATTLE, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Washington Federal, Inc.  today announced that effective April 1, 2017, Kim Robison will be promoted to Senior Vice President of Operations and join the Company's Executive Management Committee."
p6
aS"Washington Federal CEO Roy Whitehead plans to retire Puget Sound Business Journal  - Jan 5, 2017 Washington Federal Inc. Chairman and CEO Roy Whitehead says he will retire on April 1 and take the new position of executive chairman of the company's board."
p7
aS'EverBank Financial Corp. and Washington Federal, Inc. Head to Head Compare CML News - Apr 15, 2017 Washington Federal Inc has a higher fundamental rating then EverBank Financial Corp which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison.'
p8
aS'Washington Federal  Up 2.9% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Yahoo Finance - Feb 17, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Washington Federal, Inc. WAFD. Shares have added nearly 2.9% in that time frame, underperforming the market.'
p9
aS'BRIEF-Washington Federal says CEO Roy Whitehead to resign as CEO of both ... Reuters - Jan 4, 2017 LONDON, March 26 Technology companies must cooperate more with law enforcement agencies and should stop offering a &quot;secret place for terrorists to communicate&quot; using encrypted messages, British interior minister Amber Rudd said on Sunday.'
p10
a.