(lp0
S"How To YieldBoost Western Digital Corp To 7.4% Using Options Nasdaq - 17 hours ago Shareholders of Western Digital Corp  looking to boost their income beyond the stock's 2.4% annualized dividend yield can sell the January 2019 covered call at the $105 strike and collect the premium based on the $7.40 bid, which ..."
p1
aS"Toshiba Plans for Chip Sale Hit Snag as Western Digital Objects Bloomberg - Apr 12, 2017 Toshiba Corp.'s plans to sell its memory chip business to raise much-needed cash hit a snag as joint-venture partner Western Digital Corp. said the sale may violate the companies' contract. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully&nbsp;...Western Digital says Toshiba breaching contract, wants exclusive chip talks - ReutersWestern Digital Deals Struggling Toshiba a New Headache - Wall Street Journal "
p2
aS"Toshiba's sale of memory-chip business hits snag as Western Digital objects The Globe and Mail - 12 hours ago Toshiba Corp.'s plans to sell its memory-chip business to raise much-needed cash hit a snag as joint-venture partner Western Digital Corp. said the sale may violate the companies' contract. Western Digital chief executive officer Steve Milligan wrote a ...Toshiba puts decision to sell memory chip business on hold - DEALSTREETASIAApple considers bidding for big stake in Toshiba chip business: report - The Star Online"
p3
aS'JPMorgan Upgrades Western Digital Corp.  to Overweight StreetInsider.com - Apr 11, 2017 JPMorgan upgraded Western Digital Corp.  from Neutral to Overweight with a price target of $116.00 .Western Digital Corp  Has Runway with Growth of Hyper-Scale Data ... - The Wall Street TranscriptAnalyst Activity  Pacific Crest Reiterates Sector Perform on Western Digital ... - Market Exclusive'
p4
aS"Western Digital Remains Favorite For Toshiba Memory Seeking Alpha - Apr 15, 2017 Western Digital  has sent a scathing letter to Toshiba  management stating - 1) the transfer of the venture's rights to a new chip unit, which was split off recently without the U.S."
p5
aS'Western Digital Corp  Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. The Cerbat Gem - 13 hours ago Western Digital Corp logo Vetr lowered shares of Western Digital Corp  from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Tuesday morning.Susquehanna Reiterates Positive Rating and $105 PT on Western Digital (WDC ... - StreetInsider.comPost Quarterly Analysis of: Western Digital Corporation  - StandardOracle'
p6
aS"Western Digital Corporation  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 29, 2017 Nasdaq - Mar 28, 2017 Western Digital Corporation  will begin trading ex-dividend on March 29, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.5 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2017.Western Digital Corp.  PT Raised to $92 at RBC Capital; 'On-Track for ... - StreetInsider.comWestern Digital: Why I Like The Stock - Seeking Alpha"
p7
aS'HGST, a Western Digital Brand, Earns 5-Star Channel Partner Program Rating ... Business Wire  - Apr 10, 2017 SAN JOSE, Calif.----Western Digital Corporation, one of the leading global storage companies, announced today that HGST, a Western Digital Brand, has been awarded a 5-Star rating in the CRN 2017 Partner Program Guide for its&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'For Western Digital Corporation , The Evidence Is In The Technical Chart NY Stock News - 18 hours ago Western Digital Corporation  has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock.'
p9
aS"Western Digital: Major Savings From Toshiba Acquisition Seeking Alpha - Apr 7, 2017 While that may certainly apply for Toshiba  with the latest newsflow out of Yokkaichi, it definitely isn't the case for Western Digital . The incoming bids have been underwhelming considering Toshiba President Satoshi&nbsp;..."
p10
a.