(lp0
S'What makes WEC Energy Group Inc  a great dividend stock? Simply Wall St - Apr 6, 2017 If you are an income investor then WEC Energy Group Inc  should be on your radar. WEC Energy Group, Inc, through its subsidiaries, generates and distributes electric energy and has a market cap of $19.34 Billion. Over the past 10 years it has&nbsp;...LifePlan Financial Group Inc Maintains Position in WEC Energy Group Inc  - The Cerbat GemPark National Corp OH Has $582000 Stake in WEC Energy Group Inc  - Sports Perspectives'
p1
aS'WEC Energy Group, Inc.  sitting close to a major resistance line on the ... USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago With all other things going on, WEC Energy Group, Inc.  has been on a run - rising 4.31 percent in just three months.'
p2
aS"WEC Energy Group, Inc.  Has Finally Shown Its Full Hand Via The Chart Setup NY Stock News - Apr 11, 2017 WEC Energy Group, Inc.  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics."
p3
aS'Zacks: Brokerages Expect WEC Energy Group Inc  to Announce $1.05 EPS BNB Daily  - 20 hours ago WEC Energy Group logo Wall Street brokerages expect that WEC Energy Group Inc  will report earnings per share of $1.05 for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports.AT&amp;T Inc. , WEC Energy Group, Inc.  Stock Eyes Ahead of Earnings - The USA Commerce'
p4
aS"Well recognized Stock of Market: WEC Energy Group, Inc.'s  stock price is ... Hot Stocks Point - 19 hours ago WEC Energy Group, Inc.  stock price ended its day with loss -0.69% and finalized at the value of $60.68. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 1.47 million shares."
p5
aS'Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: WEC Energy Group Inc Implied Price Swing ... CML News - Apr 16, 2017 Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that WEC Energy Group Inc  risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now.'
p6
aS"Taking a Look at the Data Behind WEC Energy Group, Inc.  StockNewsJournal - Mar 23, 2017 WEC Energy Group, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Utilities space, with a focus on Electric Utilities. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $60.86, up from yesterday's close by 0.20%.Large Outflow of Money Witnessed in WEC Energy Group, Inc.  - Highland MirrorWEC Energy Group Inc  Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze"
p7
aS"WEC Energy Group, Inc. : What's the Story? StockNewsJournal - Mar 23, 2017 WEC Energy Group, Inc.  is an interesting player in the Utilities space, with a focus on Electric Utilities. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $60.98, down from yesterday's close by -0.16%.WEC Energy Group, Inc. subtracted -0.16% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free ObserverStock Highlights: WEC Energy Group, Inc.  - StandardOracle"
p8
aS'Morning Runner: WEC Energy Group, Inc.  StandardOracle - Mar 30, 2017 Mizuho Downgrade its coverage for WEC Energy Group, Inc.  in a note sent to investors on 2-Feb-17. The research firm Downgrade the stock to Neutral.'
p9
aS'Price Alert: WEC Energy Group Inc  Stock Nears Resistance ... CML News - Apr 12, 2017 Price Alert: WEC Energy Group Inc  has now crossed into technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps.'
p10
a.