(lp0
S"Wells Fargo CEO, Chairman Buy $5 Million of Company's Stock Bloomberg - 15 hours ago Wells Fargo &amp; Co. Chief Executive Officer Tim Sloan and Chairman Stephen Sanger bought more than $5 million of the company's stock a week after the board published a report into its bogus account scandal to help rebuild investor confidence.Wells Fargo chairman and CEO buy shares as bank aims to bounce back - ReutersSlowing Wells Fargo's Slide - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS"Wells Fargo Says Scandal Costs Will Be Higher Than Projected Bloomberg - Apr 13, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co.'s costs tied to a fake-account scandal are mounting faster than the bank expected as the company incurs expenses for consultants and lawyers.Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh - ReutersWells Fargo: Better Opportunities Exist - Seeking Alpha"
p2
aS"Seven Wells Fargo Managers in Board's Reviewand Their Fates Bloomberg - Apr 11, 2017 When Wells Fargo &amp; Co.'s board released a 113-page report Monday describing how staff opened bogus customer accounts, investigators aimed much of their criticism at the bank's former leader, John Stumpf, and the head of its retail division, Carrie ...'Best banker in America' blamed for Wells Fargo sales scandal - ReutersWells Fargo &amp; Company  Q1 Earnings Preview - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"Berkshire Cuts Wells Fargo Stake to Get Below Fed's Limit Bloomberg - Apr 12, 2017 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is cutting its stake in Wells Fargo &amp; Co. to less than 10 percent after the Federal Reserve told the billionaire's company that remaining above that threshold would limit its ability to do business with the bank ...Berkshire cuts Wells Fargo stake, pulls Fed application - ReutersWarren Buffett reluctantly sells portion of Wells Fargo stake - Financial Times"
p4
aS"Wells Fargo: What's Everyone Worried About? Seeking Alpha - Apr 15, 2017 The 1Q 17 results at WFC give investors the chance to assess things, amid some negative commentary. The data from this bank is fine, and investors can add here."
p5
aS"Wells Fargo, Banned From Bond Work, Wins California Deal Anyway Bloomberg - Apr 12, 2017 California's suspension of Wells Fargo &amp; Co. from investment work hasn't completely prevented the beleaguered bank from underwriting the state's bonds."
p6
aS"BRIEF-Wells Fargo chairman Sanger buys 58342 shares of co's common stock - filing Reuters - 18 hours ago Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news&nbsp;..."
p7
aS"BRIEF-Wells Fargo CEO reports purchase of 39000 shares of co's common stock ... Reuters - 18 hours ago NEW YORK, April 17 Trimming the U.S. central bank's $4.5 trillion balance sheet &quot;in effect&quot; tightens U.S. monetary policy, Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer said on Monday, though he added that there would likely be little impact on Fed policy."
p8
aS"Wells Fargo Faulted for `Extensive' Discrimination in Review Bloomberg - Mar 28, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. engaged in an extensive and pervasive pattern of discriminatory and illegal lending practices for years, a U.S.Wells Fargo to pay $110 million to settle lawsuit over account abuses - ReutersWells Fargo Gets Lower Marks on Community-Lending Scorecard - Wall Street Journal "
p9
aS"Wells Fargo Investors Urged to Jettison Most Board Members Bloomberg - Apr 7, 2017 Wells Fargo &amp; Co. shareholders should vote to remove most of the bank's board members after they failed to provide timely and sufficient risk oversight to head off a scandal involving the creation of fake customer accounts, according to proxy adviser&nbsp;...Proxy adviser ISS urges votes against most of Wells Fargo board - ReutersMost Wells Fargo board members should go, says influential advisory group - Los Angeles Times"
p10
a.