(lp0
S'Whole Foods-Target store partnership idea teed up Seeking Alpha - 21 hours ago Bernstein suggests that Whole Foods Market  should strike a store-within-a-store partnership with Target , with the two chains seen having some strong customer overlap.Hot Stock Assessment: Whole Foods Market, Inc.  - StandardOracleWhole Foods Market, Inc. subtracted -0.47% in its Stock Price in the Previous ... - Free Observer'
p1
aS"Amazon Said to Mull Whole Foods Bid Before Jana Stepped In Bloomberg - Apr 12, 2017 Amazon.com Inc., seen as a possible bidder for Whole Foods Market Inc., pondered a takeover of the organic-food chain last fall but didn't pursue a deal, according to a person with knowledge of the situation.Why Whole Foods Market, Inc. Soared Today - Motley FoolWhat's ahead for Whole Foods Market Inc now that activist Jana Partners is ... - Financial Post"
p2
aS"With Mark Bittman aboard, Jana shows it's serious about revamping Whole Foods MarketWatch - Apr 13, 2017 Whole Foods Market Inc. was looking for ways to boost its flagging sales when Mark Bittman showed up last year at its Austin headquarters to make an unsolicited pitch.Whole Foods Market Inc: Brokerages raise PT on Jana stake - Times of IndiaShop for Whole Foods Market, Inc.  Stock at a Discount - Investorplace.com"
p3
aS"Jana's call to overhaul Whole Foods supply chain has few takers Reuters - Apr 12, 2017 Activist investor Jana Partners' proposal that Whole Foods Market Inc  move grocery distribution in-house to reduce its dependence on its biggest supplier, United Natural Foods Inc (UNFI.What's Next For Whole Foods Market? - Food Institute Blog "
p4
aS"Why Jana's Involvement Can Have The Future Looking Fresh For Whole Foods Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago Last week, Jana Partners announced that it has taken a 9% stake in Whole Foods Market, Inc. . Among the changes Jana hopes to enact is: ...pursuing opportunities to improve performance by advancing its brand development and by&nbsp;..."
p5
aS'How can Whole Foods balance low prices, quality? MarketWatch - Apr 16, 2017 Whole Foods Market Inc. wants to cut prices without sacrificing the local products that define its healthy image. Investors are pushing the organic food pioneer to boost profit by operating more like a big-box grocer.'
p6
aS'This Is What The Chart For Whole Foods Market, Inc.  Is Showing Today NY Stock News - 21 hours ago The technicals for Whole Foods Market, Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear.'
p7
aS'Whole Foods Market Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for WFM Nasdaq - Apr 5, 2017 In trading on Wednesday, shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc.  crossed above their 200 day moving average of $30.35, changing hands as high as $30.57 per share.'
p8
aS'Whole Foods Market, Inc.  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for April 05, 2017 Nasdaq - Apr 4, 2017 Whole Foods Market, Inc.  will begin trading ex-dividend on April 05, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.14 per share is scheduled to be paid on April 18, 2017.What Does The Chart For Whole Foods Market, Inc.  Tell Us Presently? - NY Stock NewsWhy Is Whole Foods  Down 3.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? - Yahoo Finance'
p9
aS'Whole Foods Wanted to Be More Than a Supermarket, and Therein Lies the Problem Wall Street Journal  - Apr 12, 2017 As co-founder of Whole Foods Market Inc., the 63-year-old Texan helped reshape how Americans approach eating, transforming health food from a niche market into a booming retail sector attracting millions of urbanites, soccer moms and baby boomers.'
p10
a.