(lp0
S'The Pacer Advisors Inc. Raises Position in WGL Holdings Inc  Petro Global News 24 - Feb 4, 2017 Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of WGL Holdings by 7.1% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 201,513 ...'
p1
aS"AltaGas Ltd. to Acquire WGL Holdings, Inc. in C$8.4 Billion Transaction Marketwired  - Jan 25, 2017 AltaGas Ltd.   and WGL Holdings, Inc.   announced today the entering into of a definitive agreement and plan of merger for AltaGas to acquire WGL in an all cash transaction  valued at ...What's The Impact Of AltaGas Ltd. Acquiring WGL Holdings, Inc.? - Seeking AlphaHow Does Altagas Ltd.'s Acquisition of WGL Holdings Inc. Benefit Shareholders? - The Motley Fool Canada"
p2
aS'AltaGas Ltd downgraded on doubts about WGL Holdings Inc deal Financial Post - Feb 6, 2017 AltaGas Ltd. was downgraded to hold from buy at Desjardins Capital Markets, where analyst Justin Bouchard questioned how the Calgary-based energy infrastructure company will leverage the assets acquired in its $6 billion takeover of WGL Holdings Inc.AltaGas Ltd. buys WGL Holdings Inc. for $6 billion - Daily Commercial News5 Top Reasons to Invest in Altagas Ltd. Today - The Motley Fool Canada'
p3
aS"AltaGas Ltd could face selling pressure from equity deal with WGL Holdings Inc Financial Post - Jan 13, 2017 AltaGas Ltd. has confirmed it is in talks with a third party about a potential transaction, and the speculation is centred on a merger with WGL Holdings Inc. While such a deal would likely be accretive to earnings for AltaGas, the equity required could ...Canada's AltaGas says in potential deal talks - Reuters"
p4
aS'Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of WGL Holdings, Inc. PR Newswire  - Jan 26, 2017 NEW YORK, Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Harwood Feffer LLP  is investigating potential claims against the board of directors of WGL Holdings, Inc.   concerning the proposed acquisition of the&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'WGL Holdings Inc  Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for April 06, 2017 Nasdaq - Apr 5, 2017 WGL Holdings Inc  will begin trading ex-dividend on April 06, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.51 per share is scheduled to be paid on May 01, 2017.WGL Holdings Inc  Position Maintained by Integrated Investment ... - Sports PerspectivesWGL Holdings Inc  To Go Ex-Dividend on April 6th - The Cerbat Gem'
p6
aS'Americafirst Capital Management LLC Invests $691000 in WGL Holdings Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 15 hours ago WGL Holdings logo Americafirst Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of WGL Holdings Inc  during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.Wall Street Consensus Update &amp; Stock Review on WGL Holdings Inc  - Rockville RegisterWGL Holdings  Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.00 - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Market Desk: Reviewing the Numbers for WGL Holdings, Inc.  Baldwin Journal - 4 hours ago WGL Holdings, Inc.  has a current EV or Enterprise Value of 6307073. The EV displays how the market assigns value to a firm as a whole.'
p8
aS"What you need to know about WGL Holdings Inc's  growth? Simply Wall St - Apr 3, 2017 With Return on Equity of 11.1% WGL Holdings has performed better than the Utilities industry average of 9.96%, whilst shareholders would consider this acceptable no doubt they are hoping for an improvement in the coming years.State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold ... - Sports Perspectives"
p9
aS'Shareholder Alert: Monteverde &amp; Associates PC Announces An Investigation Of ... PR Newswire  - Mar 13, 2017 NEW YORK, March 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Juan Monteverde, founder and managing partner at Monteverde &amp; Associates PC, a boutique securities firm headquartered at the Empire State Building in New York City, is investigating WGL Holdings, Inc.'
p10
a.