(lp0
S"Wal-Mart Stores Inc  in Talks to Buy Popular Men's Clothing Brand Bonobos Investorplace.com - 19 hours ago Recode claims that Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Bonobos have agreed on a price for the acquisition. However, the financial details of the deal are not currently known.Wal-Mart May Acquire Bonobos Menswear Retailer - Seeking AlphaWal-Mart Stores Inc.  Closes 0.46% Up on the Day for April 17 - Equities.com"
p1
aS"Wal-Mart: Not Just A Dividend Stock Seeking Alpha - 15 hours ago Wal-Mart  hasn't exactly been one of my favorite retailers in the past few years but the progress it is making is undeniable."
p2
aS"Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Lowe's Companies, Inc. Motley Fool - Apr 13, 2017 With e-commerce taking more and more of the retail pie every year, the very thing that made Wal-Mart great -- its physical presence throughout the United States and the world -- has become its Achilles' heel.Wal-Mart Layoffs 2017: Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Announces Another Round of ... - Investorplace.comWal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store - Reuters"
p3
aS"Walmart Opens 100th Training Academy in the U.S. Business Wire  - 20 hours ago Everything we do begins with our associates, said Doug McMillon, president and CEO, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. That's why we have invested in training academies for associates to further develop the skills they need to better serve customers and succeed ...Walmart Debuts 100th Training Academy - Progressive Grocer"
p4
aS'Wal-Mart Strikes Back Seeking Alpha - Apr 17, 2017 Amazon is now going to be charging sales tax in additional states which helps Wal-Mart compete. Wal-Mart is assembling a talented team to expand their e-commerce arm.'
p5
aS'In the Know: Wal-Mart adding liquor stores to supercenters in North Naples Naples Daily News - Apr 17, 2017 A liquor store also is being added to the other Walmart in North Naples. Unlike the Juliet Boulevard location, though, the liquor store at the supercenter at 11225 U.S. 41, near the Immokalee Road intersection, has been added to the southern end of the ...'
p6
aS"Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target Motley Fool - Apr 1, 2017 Wal-Mart  and Target  have recently begun to make major changes to their brands. The two retail giants are trying to transform their physical stores to better align with a customer base that's increasingly thinking digital first.Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Closes 0.25% Up on the Day for April 04 - Equities.comDigging Up the Facts on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  - StockNewsJournal"
p7
aS"Walmart's Fight Hunger. Spark Change. Campaign Calls on the Public to Join ... Business Wire  - 22 hours ago For every Discover card transaction made at U.S. Walmart stores and Walmart.com during the campaign period, Discover will donate the equivalent of one meal  to Feeding America and its network of member food banks, up to $1 million."
p8
aS"Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Stock Should Have You Salivating Investorplace.com - Apr 10, 2017 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  on Friday, April 7, rose a little more than 2% on the day. More importantly, WMT stock scored a marginal technical breakout in the short-term.Friday Share's Trend Overview: Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  - StandardOracleWal-Mart Stores Inc Catches A Key Upgrade From Telsey - StockNews.com "
p9
aS"Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Stock: Get Paid to Feed the Bears Investorplace.com - Mar 30, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores Inc  is a giant of retail, but the past 12 months have seen Walmart stock move sideways. The fundamental story hasn't changed much - Walmart's management is still sticking with its low-price leader strategy."
p10
a.