(lp0
S"The Alps Advisors Inc. Acquires 390809 Shares of Williams Partners LP  Petro Global News 24 - Jan 30, 2017 Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of WPZ. BB&amp;T Corp boosted its stake in shares of Williams Partners by 0.6% in the third quarter. BB&amp;T Corp now owns 17,434 shares of the company's stock valued at $649,000 after buying an&nbsp;..."
p1
aS"Williams Partners sharpens focus on natural gas with petrochemical plant sale The Globe and Mail - 16 hours ago Williams Partners LP said on Monday it would sell its stake in a unit that owns 88.46 per cent of an olefins plant in Louisiana to Nova Chemicals for $2.1-billion in cash, as part of the pipeline operator's efforts to focus on natural gas.Williams Partners sharpens natgas focus with petrochem plant sale - Reuters UKWilliams Partners to sell Williams Olefins interest for $2.1 billion to Nova ... - MarketWatch"
p2
aS'William Partners Completes Multiple Deals with Energy Players Yahoo Finance - Mar 31, 2017 Midstream energy player Williams Partners LP WPZ recently declared that it has concluded separate deals with Western Gas Partners, LP WES, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation APC, and Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.Williams Partners LP: Williams Partners Completes Transactions to Acquire ... - The Wall Street TranscriptWilliams Partners announces deals for bigger stake in Marcellus Shale ... - Tulsa World'
p3
aS'Williams Partners LP: Williams, Williams Partners to Report First-Quarter 2017 ... The Wall Street Transcript - Apr 11, 2017 Headquartered in Tulsa, Okla., Williams owns approximately 74 percent of Williams Partners L.P. . Williams Partners is an industry-leading, large-cap master limited partnership with operations across the natural gas value chain from ...Citigroup Reports Williams Partners LP  Upgrade from Neutral, Oxford ... - Herald KSWilliams Partners LP  Stock Rating Upgraded by Citigroup Inc - Markets Daily'
p4
aS"Stock within Traders Radar: Williams Partners L.P.'s  Is stories - 19 hours ago Williams Partners L.P.'s  witnessed a loss of -1.29% in recent trading period with closing price of $ 40.60. The company's last traded volume of 1 million shares was up it's an average volume of 1.25 million shares."
p5
aS'Stock Floating Above Moving Averages: Williams Partners L.P.  The Herald - 9 hours ago Williams Partners L.P.  shares are holding above their moving averages, indicating a postitive uptrend for Basic Materials company.'
p6
aS'$0.33 Earnings Per Share Expected for Williams Partners LP  This Quarter The Cerbat Gem - Apr 15, 2017 Williams Partners logo Analysts expect Williams Partners LP  to post earnings of $0.33 per share for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks.The Williams Partners LP  Stake Maintained by Css LLC Il - Petro Global News 24Williams Partners LP  Given Hold Rating at Royal Bank of Canada - Sports Perspectives'
p7
aS'Analysts Take the Wheel on Williams Partners LP  Shares and Where ... Aiken Advocate - 18 hours ago When a company reports earnings, the reports are intensely examined by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can give insight into the profitability of a company.'
p8
aS'Williams Partners LP donates to EWC welding program Scottsbluff Star Herald - Mar 26, 2017 Once the Williams team created an inventory of the items, and determined a fair in-kind value of the materials, they contacted EWC Welding Instructor Henry Woehl, who said he was excited to receive the materials.'
p9
aS'Revenue Approximations Analysis: Williams Partners LP , Loews Corporation  StockNewsJournal - Mar 30, 2017 Williams Partners L.P.  have shown a high EPS growth of -16.30% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 95.00% yoy.Williams Partners LP swings to fourth-quarter profit on a YOY basis - Myiris.com'
p10
a.