(lp0
S"W Resources awards key vendor-financed construction contract for La Parilla ... Proactive Investors UK - Apr 12, 2017 Tungsten mining specialist W Resources PLC  has made further progress in the development of its La Parilla project in southwestern Spain with the award of a key vendor-financed contract.W Resources Hands EUR5 Million Contract To Germany's allmineral - London South East  "
p1
aS'W Resources making good progress with finance and development at La Parrilla Proactive Investors UK - Jan 19, 2017 W Resources PLC  has told investors it is making good progress with the financing and development of its La Parrilla tungsten mine in Spain.'
p2
aS"W Resources' Michael Masterman hails award of 'critical' Jig and Mill contract ... Proactive Investors UK - Apr 13, 2017 Michael Masterman, chairman of W Resources PLC  talks proactive through the award of a key vendor-financed contract at the company's La Parilla project in southwestern Spain."
p3
aS'Proactive weekly mining news  Kodal Minerals, Asiamet, W Resources Proactive Investors UK - Mar 11, 2017 Kodal Minerals PLC  rocketed this week as a Chinese group agreed to buy in at a huge premium to the share price and negotiations began for an offtake deal for lithium from its Bougouni asset in Mali.'
p4
aS'Spain and Portugal focused tungsten specialist W Resources mulling plans to ... Proactive Investors UK - Mar 9, 2017 W Resources PLC  said it may list its copper and gold licences in a separate stock market vehicle as it confirmed it had raised 750,000 of dedicated funding to accelerate the development of the assets.W Resources shares lose shine as placing details unveiled - DIGITALLOOK'
p5
aS"Today's Market View - Ironridge Resources Limited, Mkango Resources Ltd, W ... Proactive Investors UK - Apr 12, 2017 ...  Trump tweeted that the US is prepared to solve the problem of North Korea accelerating its missile development and nuclear programme unilaterally."
p6
aS"W Resources' Michael Masterman pleased with very good start at La Parrilla ... Proactive Investors UK - Jul 27, 2016 W Resources PLC  had a blast at La Parrilla, the company's new mine in Spain, where fast-track operations have now begun."
p7
aS'W Resources confident of successful start-up at La Parrilla Proactive Investors UK - Aug 16, 2016 W Resources PLC  is ready to hit the accelerator after securing a finance package last month for the fast-track development of its La Parrilla tungsten mine in Spain, potentially worth up to US$3.2mln.'
p8
aS'Checking in on Signals for W Resources Plc  Providence Standard - 7 hours ago Currently, the 14-day ADX for W Resources Plc  is 32.02. Generally speaking, an ADX value from 0-25 would indicate an absent or weak trend.'
p9
aS'W Resources chairman hoping to lock in JV partner at La Parilla Proactive Investors UK - Jun 16, 2015 The chairman of W Resources , Michael Masterman, says the company is looking to strike a deal with a joint venture partner after completing a six-month mine development study at its La Parrilla site in Spain.'
p10
a.