(lp0
S'The East West Bancorp, Inc.  to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share ... Petro Global News 24 - Feb 5, 2017 A number of other brokerages have also issued reports on EWBC. Zacks Investment Research raised East West Bancorp from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Monday, October 3rd.'
p1
aS'West Bancorporation, Inc. to Announce Quarterly Results, Hold Conference Call EconoTimes - Mar 24, 2017 West Bancorporation, Inc. is headquartered in West Des Moines, Iowa. Serving Iowans since 1893, West Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of West Bancorporation, Inc., is a community bank that focuses on lending, deposit services and trust services for&nbsp;...Stock Returns: Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation  is Beating West ... - CML News'
p2
aS"Most Active Volume Stock: East West Bancorp, Inc.  HugoPress - 19 hours ago Raymond James Downgrades East West Bancorp, Inc. 's stock to Underperform with no specific Price Target. This rating was issued on 3/16/17.Buy or Sell? Average Brokerage Ratings on Rowan Companies plc , East West ... - StockNewsJournalEast West Bancorp, Inc.  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday - The Cerbat Gem"
p3
aS"Analysts mean rating score stands at 2.30 while East West Bancorp, Inc.'s ... Hot Stocks Point - 21 hours ago Well recognized Stock of Market: Sanofi's  stock price is Worth at $45.65 while finishes Thursday with change of 0.57% &middot; Analysts mean rating score stands at 2.30 while East West Bancorp, Inc.'s  stock price is Worth at $49.43: Investors ...Great Western Bancorp, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings ... - Yahoo Finance"
p4
aS"Let's Get Technical With East West Bancorp, Inc.  USA Commerce Daily - 14 hours ago With all other things going on, East West Bancorp, Inc.  has been on a free fall - declining -1.43 percent in just three months."
p5
aS'Traders Take Note: West Bancorporation Inc  Stock Drops, Weakness ... CML News - Apr 15, 2017 Take Note: West Bancorporation Inc  has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Stock Returns: Park Sterling Corporation  is Beating West ... CML News - Apr 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Park Sterling Corporation  versus West Bancorporation Inc  .'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Sun Bancorp Inc  versus West Bancorporation Inc ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Sun Bancorp Inc  versus West Bancorporation Inc  .'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: MidSouth Bancorp Inc  is Beating West Bancorporation ... CML News - Apr 4, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for MidSouth Bancorp Inc  versus West Bancorporation Inc  .An End-of-Day Technical Review: Western Alliance Bancorporation , UMB ... - Post Analyst'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: First Foundation Inc  is Beating West ... CML News - Apr 12, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for First Foundation Inc  versus West Bancorporation Inc  .'
p10
a.