(lp0
S'Why Aqua America, Inc. Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About Motley Fool - Apr 11, 2017 And between its financial health and growth potential, Aqua America , a leader in the water utility industry, offers investors a sound investment.'
p1
aS"Better Buy: Aqua America, Inc. vs. California Water Service Corp. Motley Fool - Mar 28, 2017 So let's consider two of the leaders in the industry, Aqua America  and California Water Service , to see which company affords investors the best choice in terms of getting their feet wet  with a water utility investment.American Water Unit to Invest $4.2M to Replace Water Mains - Nasdaq"
p2
aS'Peoples Financial Services CORP. Decreases Stake in Aqua America Inc  The Cerbat Gem - 14 hours ago Aqua America logo Peoples Financial Services CORP. lowered its stake in Aqua America Inc  by 28.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.Cribstone Capital Management LLC Has $282000 Stake in Aqua America Inc  - Chaffey BreezeAqua America Inc  Given Consensus Rating of &quot;Hold&quot; by Analysts - Sports Perspectives'
p3
aS"3 Things That Could Bring Aqua America Down Motley Fool - Jan 23, 2017 With over 130 years of experience, Aqua America , knows a thing or two about providing water to customers. Of course, that doesn't mean that it's unsinkable."
p4
aS'Aqua America: Slow And Steady Seeking Alpha - Mar 16, 2017 Aqua America is a holding company for water and wastewater services that serves roughly three million people in its native Pennsylvania, and in Ohio, Texas, Illinois, North Carolina, New Jersey, Indiana, and Virginia.176 hedge funds sold their entire positions in Aqua America, Inc.  - Post Analyst'
p5
aS"What To Expect From Aqua America Inc's  Earnings In The Year Ahead? Simply Wall St - Apr 13, 2017 What can investors expect from Aqua America Inc  in the future? What are the important facts you need to know? I will analyse the latest data and look at the future of this company in more detail.Aqua America to Report Earnings for First Quarter 2017 - Business Wire BLB&amp;B Advisors LLC Has $4.72 Million Position in Aqua America Inc  - The Cerbat Gem"
p6
aS'Why You Should Still Hold onto Aqua America  Stock Yahoo Finance - Mar 23, 2017 Aqua America Inc. WTR, the water and wastewater service provider, will benefit from an extensive network of water and wastewater systems, continuous investments in regulated assets and strategic acquisitions.Barclays Upgrades Aqua America Inc to Overweight with Price Target $36 - Money Flow Index & TrendsAqua America Inc  Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.35 Per Share - BNB Daily '
p7
aS'Sell-side is Weighing in on Aqua America, Inc.  Earnings Aiken Advocate - Apr 16, 2017 When a company reports earnings, the reports are intensely examined by investors and analysts alike. Earnings are important because they can give insight into the profitability of a company.'
p8
aS'At Aqua America, It Is Raining Dividends At 2.58% Seeking Alpha - Feb 2, 2017 Founded 131 years ago, Aqua America has grown through expansion and acquisitions to a company providing water and waste services to more than three million people in eight states - Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Texas, Indiana, New&nbsp;...'
p9
aS'Why Is Aqua America  Up 3% Since the Last Earnings Report? Yahoo Finance - Mar 29, 2017 A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Aqua America, Inc. WTR. Shares have added about 3% in that time frame, outperforming the market.What Analysts are Predicting For ITT Inc. , Aqua America, Inc. ? - The USA CommerceAqua America Inc  Receives Average Rating of Hold from Analysts - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.