(lp0
S'Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  Acquires CommAgility, Ltd. StreetInsider.com - Feb 21, 2017 Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. , a leader in advanced wireless communications solutions, announced today it has acquired CommAgility, Ltd.Wireless Telecom Group acquires CommAgility for $18.8M - NJBIZ'
p1
aS'Following the Levels for This Stock: Wireless Telecom Group Inc  Rives Journal - 20 hours ago Keeping an eye on moving averages for Wireless Telecom Group Inc , the 50-day is 1.56, the 200-day is at 1.61, and the 7-day is 1.5.'
p2
aS'Wireless Telecom Group Announces Appointment of Michael Kandell as CFO Business Wire  - Dec 7, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. , a leading provider of high-performance radio frequency infrastructure and test &amp; measurement solutions for wireless and advanced communications, announced today&nbsp;...'
p3
aS'Company Stock Watch: Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  BVN - 15 hours ago Taking a closer look at some quality ratios for Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. , the firm has a Gross Margin  ratio of 0.371441.'
p4
aS'Wireless Telecom Group Announces European Distribution Partnership with AR Europe Business Wire  - Jan 5, 2017 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. , today announced an agreement with AR Europe for the distribution of its Boonton Electronics and Noisecom products throughout Europe.'
p5
aS'Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  Files An 8-K Results of Operations ... Market Exclusive - Mar 20, 2017 It serves commercial and government markets with solutions in distributed antenna systems , cellular/mobile, wireless fidelity, worldwide interoperability for microwave access , private mobile radio, satellite, cable, radar, avionics ...'
p6
aS"Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  Names New CEO StreetInsider.com - Jun 30, 2016 Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  announced that its board of directors has appointed current board member Timothy Whelan as WTT's new Chief Executive Officer."
p7
aS'Decision Time: Wireless Telecom Group Inc  Stock Technicals Hit ... CML News - Apr 13, 2017 Decision Time: Wireless Telecom Group Inc  now sits in the perhaps the most difficult technical position -- the stock has no urgency in its direction and that has left it at an inflection point.'
p8
aS"Most Volatile Stock of Thursday: Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.'s  stock ... WsNews 4investors - 21 hours ago Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.  stock price tumbled -1.94% to finalize at $1.52 throughout previous buying and selling session."
p9
aS'Wireless Telecom Group Announces Appointment of Vice President of Sales ... Business Wire  - Jun 2, 2016 PARSIPPANY, N.J.----Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. , a global provider of radio frequency and microwave-based components and instruments for wireless and advanced communications industries, announced today the&nbsp;...'
p10
a.