(lp0
S'Market: The Web.com Group Inc  Price Target Raised to $25.00 Petro Global News 24 - Jan 25, 2017 RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a sector perform rating and issued a $20.00 target price  on shares of Web.com Group in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut shares of Web.com Group from a buy rating to a&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Web.com Group Inc  Position Held by State Board of Administration of ... The Cerbat Gem - 5 hours ago Web.com Group logo State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System continued to hold its stake in shares of Web.com Group Inc  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned&nbsp;...Web.com Group, Inc. : A Detailed Look at its Institutional Ownership - Post AnalystThe RBC Capital Markets Analysts Give Web.com Group Inc  a $20.00 Price ... - Petro Global News 24'
p2
aS'Stock Returns: Quotient Technology Inc  versus Web.com Group Inc ... CML News - Apr 17, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Quotient Technology Inc  versus Web.com Group Inc  .'
p3
aS'Software maker to cut 15% of Austin staff in wake of acquisition Austin Business Journal - Nov 22, 2016 Web.com is attempting to make the transition as easy as possible for employees,&quot; the company said in a statement.'
p4
aS'Stock Review: Level Check for Web.com Group, Inc.  The Standard - 18 hours ago Checking the Value Composite score for Web.com Group, Inc. , we see that the company has a rank of 40. This falls on a scale from 0 to 100 where a lower score indicated an undervalued company and a higher score would indicate an&nbsp;...'
p5
aS'Stock Returns: Web.com Group Inc  is Beating DHI Group Inc  CML News - Apr 13, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for DHI Group Inc  versus Web.com Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p6
aS'Is Web.com Group  a Great Stock for Value Investors? Nasdaq - Apr 6, 2017 Though Web.com Group might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name.'
p7
aS'Stock Returns: Web.com Group Inc  versus Xactly Corporation (NYSE ... CML News - Mar 10, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Web.com Group Inc  versus Xactly Corporation  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p8
aS'Stock Returns: Web.com Group Inc  is Beating Renren Inc  CML News - Apr 14, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Renren Inc  versus Web.com Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p9
aS'Stock Returns: Web.com Group Inc  is Beating Endurance ... CML News - Mar 27, 2017 This is a snapshot to compare the stock returns for Endurance International Group Holdings Inc  versus Web.com Group Inc  . The stock return points we compare look at the last three-months, six-months and twelve-months.'
p10
a.