(lp0
S"Monday's Vital Data: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. , United States Steel ... Investorplace.com - 21 hours ago U.S. stock futures are trading lower this morning as geopolitical concerns cast a shadow over the start of earnings season on Wall Street."
p1
aS'Utility Technician Seriously Hurt In Incident At US Steel Clairton Plant CBS Pittsburgh / KDKA - Apr 16, 2017 CLAIRTON  - The United States Steel Corporation has released a statement about an incident that resulted in the injury of an employee.'
p2
aS'U.S. Steel Hammered Seeking Alpha - Apr 14, 2017 Earlier this month, we questioned whether U.S. Steel shares represented a steel trap for longs, and posted a way for them to effectively get paid to hedge.'
p3
aS'United States Steel Corporation  Stock Sinks on Ore, Leak Concerns Investorplace.com - Apr 12, 2017 Also weighing on X stock, however, is news from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, which said that U.S. Steel has reported a leak of wastewater that contains hexavalent chromium - a toxic compound that can cause lung cancer, as well as damage&nbsp;...U. S. Steel Issues New Update On April 11 Midwest Plant Incident - PR Newswire US Steel to restart plant following leak earlier in the week - Pittsburgh Business Times'
p4
aS"5 Reasons to Add United States Steel Corporation  Stock to Your Portfolio Investorplace.com - Apr 12, 2017 5 Reasons to Add United States Steel Corporation  Stock to Your Portfolio Steel stocks got a boost following Trump's election win in November on expectations of significant infrastructure spending in a Trump administration.United States Steel Corp.  Moves Lower on Volume Spike for April 12 - Equities.comUnited States Steel Corp. closed with a change of 2.84% in the Previous ... - Free Observer"
p5
aS'Why Double-Digit Losses Hammered TimkenSteel Corporation, AK Steel Holding ... Motley Fool - Apr 5, 2017 TimkenSteel Corporation  lost 17% of its value in March. AK Steel Holdings Corporation  fell nearly 18%. And United States Steel Corporation  fared relatively well, with its shares falling &quot;only&quot; 15%  during the month.Timken Steel Corporation  Plunges 5.09% on April 05 - Equities.com'
p6
aS'Zacks.com featured highlights: Tech Data, POSCO and United States Steel Yahoo Finance - 20 hours ago United States Steel Corporation  manufactures and sells a variety of steel mill products, coke and taconite pellets.'
p7
aS"U. S. Steel Issues Update On April 11 Midwest Plant Incident PR Newswire  - Apr 13, 2017 PITTSBURGH, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, United States Steel Corporation  issued the following statement to provide an update relative to the process release at U. S. Steel's Midwest Plant in Portage, Ind."
p8
aS"Why Wells Fargo &amp; Co , United States Steel Corporation  and Infosys ... Investorplace.com - Apr 13, 2017 Despite the decent start to the trading day, it didn't take the bears long to roll the bulls over. By the time the day's action ended, the S&amp;P 500 was back to 2,328.95, down 0.68% for the last trading day of the week."
p9
aS"Steel Trap? Seeking Alpha - Apr 4, 2017 With shares of U.S. Steel up 80% over the last six months, and in the wake of last week's upgrade by Jefferies, some observers have urged caution for retail investors."
p10
a.