(lp0
S'Market: The 966354 Shares in Xcel Energy Inc.  Acquired by The ... Petro Global News 24 - Jan 28, 2017 Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Schroder Investment Management Group raised its position in Xcel Energy by 211.5% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 200,262&nbsp;...'
p1
aS"Xcel Energy Inc.  Makes A Compelling Case Via Its Technical Chart NY Stock News - 16 hours ago Xcel Energy Inc.  has been having a set of eventful trading activity and it is clear from an examination of the charts that traders are now fully aware of the company's key metrics."
p2
aS'Xcel Energy Inc  is a real Dividend Rock Star  here is why Simply Wall St - Apr 8, 2017 Over the past 10 years Xcel Energy Inc  has returned an average of 3.99% per year from dividend payouts. The stock currently pays a dividend of 3.23% with a market cap of $22.64 Billion and let me tell you why it stands out for income ...Xcel Energy Inc. declined in the Previous Trading Session with the Change of ... - Free ObserverStock Returns: Xcel Energy Inc  is Beating FirstEnergy Corp.  - CML News'
p3
aS'Scammers pretending to be Xcel Energy employees targeting homes in Denver ... The Denver Channel - Apr 16, 2017 They added that Xcel employees will always be in uniform and will have company badges on display. Contractors who work for us will have either Xcel Energy or their own company identification, they said. Officials advise that you always ask for the ...'
p4
aS"Topping The Charts, This Stock Continues to Climb: Xcel Energy Inc.  Aiken Advocate - 8 hours ago Xcel Energy Inc.  shares have climbed higher recently touching a new 52-week peak. The stock has seen a price of $45.08 according to a recent bid.Two sizzlers stock's are not to be missed: Xcel Energy Inc. , Deere ... - StockNewsJournalXcel Energy Inc  Receives Consensus Rating of &quot;Hold&quot; from Analysts - BBNS"
p5
aS'Market Sheet: Watching the Levels for Xcel Energy Inc.  Benton Bulletin - 20 hours ago Xcel Energy Inc.  has a current Piotroski F-Score of 6. The mission of the F-Score is to help spot companies with strengthening balance sheets, and to weed out poor performers.'
p6
aS'Wall Street Views &amp; Consensus on Xcel Energy Inc.  The Herald - Apr 15, 2017 This research may also include ratings and estimates in the reports. Investors have the option to track analyst projections in order to help piece together valuable information.'
p7
aS'Xcel Energy to invest billions in new wind farms in Colorado, elsewhere Denver Business Journal - Mar 21, 2017 Xcel Energy Inc. is making a multibillion-dollar investment in wind power across seven states, from Minnesota to New Mexico - and using Colorado-made turbines from Vestas Wind Systems for a large chunk of it.New Xcel Energy wind facilities offer $2.8 billion in customer savings over 30 ... - KCBD-TV'
p8
aS'Xcel Energy Inc.  Is Making A Strong Argument Through Its Technicals NY Stock News - Mar 29, 2017 The technicals for Xcel Energy Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p9
aS'The Technical Chart For Xcel Energy Inc.  Is Very Revealing Today NY Stock News - Apr 13, 2017 The technicals for Xcel Energy Inc.  has spoken via its technical chart and the message is loud and clear. Based on that message, this is the relevant information necessary to make sense of that current setup.'
p10
a.