(lp0
S"How Analysts See Exxon Mobil Corporation  Perform In The Year Ahead? Simply Wall St - 11 hours ago Analysts covering Exxon Mobil Corporation  are predicting the earnings to grow 121.3% in years' time. What are the important facts you need to know?Buy the Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock Turnaround! - Investorplace.comAvoid Exxon For The Time Being - Seeking Alpha"
p1
aS'Is Exxon Mobil Doomed? Seeking Alpha - Apr 12, 2017 There have been a lot of changes in the oil market since the emergence of the U.S. shale industry, which has changed the price structure of oil, forcing majors with high-cost offshore assets, like Exxon Mobil , to adjust their long-term ...How to Trade Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock Ahead of Earnings - Investorplace.comExxon Mobil Corporation  Closes 0.35% Down on the Day for April 11 - Equities.com'
p2
aS"Exxon Mobil - Hold Or Fold? Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 &quot;The Beginning Of The End,&quot; &quot;The 'Inevitable' Sell-Off,&quot; and &quot;How Scary Is This Valuation Chart&quot; are just a few headlines of late."
p3
aS"Exxon Mobil's Shale Oil Dilemma Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 Exxon Mobil's  ~$6-billion acquisition in the northern Delaware Basin announced two months ago was a transaction that many observers had been waiting for."
p4
aS'Exxon Mobil: Day Of Reckoning Looms Seeking Alpha - Apr 7, 2017 Current consensus is more pain lies ahead for the oil patch. Yet, I surmise a day of reckoning is fast approaching that could drastically change things.Is Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock a Better Buy Than Tech Stocks? - Investorplace.comExxon Mobil Corporation  Closes 0.3% Down on the Day for April 07 - Equities.com'
p5
aS'ExxonMobil and Climate Change: A Story of Denial, Delay, and Delusion, Told in ... Climate Science Watch - 17 hours ago This sixth installment of our series covers events occurring throughout 2012 that point to disparities between what was known and knowable by leadership at the Exxon Mobil Corporation, and what the oil giant was communicating to its shareholders ...US Secretary Of State Tillerson Made $27.4 Million In Compensation Last Year ... - E&amp;P'
p6
aS"Trade Exxon Mobil Corporation  Stock While It's Discounted Investorplace.com - Mar 21, 2017 If you've been long Exxon Mobil Corporation , it's been a tough start to 2017. But a drilling of XOM stock is now offering attractive value both off and on the Exxon Mobil price chart.By How Much Will Exxon Mobil Raise Its Dividend? - Seeking AlphaExxon Mobil Is DJIA's Worst Performing Stock in 2017 - 24/7 Wall St."
p7
aS'Which Is The Premium Company: Chevron Or Exxon Mobil? Seeking Alpha - Apr 10, 2017 Based on financial and operating performance metrics, I drilled into the endless debate as to which company should trade at a premium to the other between Chevron  and Exxon Mobil . I based my performance metrics on data from&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Long Exxon 4/4/17 Seeking Alpha - Apr 5, 2017 We have written four recent articles on the price of crude oil and the United States Oil Fund  over the last several weeks.'
p9
aS'Exxon Mobil to decide soon on $10B Texas petrochemical plant FuelFix  - Mar 22, 2017 Exxon Mobil Corp. said it will decide as soon as May whether to move forward with a planned $10 billion petrochemical complex north of Corpus Christi now that it has the desired tax breaks approved.Tax breaks approved for Exxon-SABIC $10B petrochemical project - Seeking Alpha'
p10
a.