(lp0
S'Flowmon and Ixia Join Forces to Simplify Monitoring and Enhance Security of ... Yahoo Finance - Feb 28, 2017 Ixia , a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, has joined forces with Flowmon Networks, a leading vendor empowering businesses to manage and secure their networks confidently, to form a new technology partnership.'
p1
aS'Ixia  Shareholders Vote to Approve Acquisition by Keysight Technologies StreetInsider.com - Apr 12, 2017 Under the terms of the agreement, at the effective time of the merger, Ixia shareholders will have the right to receive $19.65 per share in cash.Keysight Technologies, Ixia Announce Receipt of Final Regulatory Clearance for ... - Business Wire Ixia Shareholders Give Nod To Keysight Technologies Buy - socalTech.com'
p2
aS"Ixia Releases First Annual Security Report, Showing Current And Future Threats ISBuzz News - Mar 20, 2017 Ixia, a leading provider of network testing, visibility and security solutions, has announced the release of the first Ixia Security Report, a summation of 2016's biggest security events including findings from Ixia's Application and Threat ...Poor Passwords, Cloud and Network Complexity Plague Orgs - Infosecurity Magazine"
p3
aS'Keysight to Acquire Ixia for $1.6B SDxCentral - Jan 31, 2017 Founded in 1997, Ixia focuses on IP networking and thus fills a portfolio gap for Keysight, which sells test equipment related to electronics in general.'
p4
aS'Frost &amp; Sullivan Applauds Ixia for Developing CloudStorm, a Remarkable Multi ... PR Newswire UK  - Mar 28, 2017 SANTA CLARA, California, March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Based on its recent analysis of the application and network security test market, Frost &amp; Sullivan recognizes Ixia with the 2017 Global Frost &amp; Sullivan Award for New Product Innovation.'
p5
aS'Ixia delivers end-to-end visibility for public cloud Networks Asia - Apr 16, 2017 Ixia has announced it has further extended the reach delivered by the CloudLens Platform to the public cloud. The company says CloudLens Public provides Visibility-as-a-Service  and is the first to be implemented as a pure Software-as-a-Service&nbsp;...'
p6
aS'Cloud visibility goal of Ixia CloudLens software update TechTarget - Apr 5, 2017 This week, Ixia, based in Calabasas, Calif., introduced some updates to its CloudLens software that extend the product into public clouds for increased cloud visibility.'
p7
aS'Test and Measurement: Ixia Security Report finds shifting network environment RCR Wireless News - Mar 24, 2017 Attack surfaces are increasing in step with the growth in IT complexity in three specific dimensions:  the number of data locations where data resides,  data throughput, and  IT tool complexity, according to the new Ixia Security Report ...'
p8
aS'Ixia Delivers First 50 Gigabits per second , PAM4-Based 200 Gigabit ... Yahoo Finance - Mar 22, 2017 Ixia, a leading provider of network testing, visibility, and security solutions, is demonstrating a groundbreaking 200 Gigabit Ethernet  live at OFC 2017, The Optical Networking and Communication Conference &amp; Exhibition, which is being held March ...'
p9
aS'Given Its Low Debt-Load, Is Ixia  A Financially Sound Company? Simply Wall St - Apr 11, 2017 Companies with small market capitalization such as Ixia , while they can deliver high growth, financial strength is the deciding element in their long-term existence.Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Ixia  Stock Price - Chaffey Breeze'
p10
a.