(lp0
S'AQR Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in Yadkin Financial Corp  The Cerbat Gem - 21 hours ago Yadkin Financial Corp logo AQR Capital Management LLC held its position in shares of Yadkin Financial Corp  during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Yadkin Financial Corp  Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage ... - BNB Daily '
p1
aS'Former Yadkin Financial CEO Custer takes president job at Wilmington bank Winston-Salem Journal - Apr 3, 2017 Live Oak Bancshares Inc. said Monday it has hired Custer as president of its Live Oak Banking Co. subsidiary, effective immediately.'
p2
aS'North Carolina Bank Yadkin Financial Said to Explore Sale Bloomberg - May 25, 2016 Yadkin Financial Corp., a North Carolina community bank, is exploring a sale, according to people familiar with the matter.Yadkin Financial may be courting buyers, report says - Winston-Salem Journal'
p3
aS'FNB gets federal OK to buy Yadkin Financial Winston-Salem Journal - Feb 27, 2017 Yadkin Financial Corp has two more weeks as an independent bank after federal regulators signed off Monday on its $1.4 billion sale to F.N.'
p4
aS"FNB Corp. buying Yadkin Financial in $1.4B deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Jul 21, 2016 One of Pittsburgh's biggest banks, F.N.B. Corp., is acquiring Yadkin Financial Corp. for $1.4 billion and entering North Carolina.FNB Corporation to Acquire Yadkin Financial Corporation, Creating Premier Mid ... - PR Newswire "
p5
aS'Yadkin Financial completes acquisition of VantageSouth Bancshares Winston-Salem Journal - Jul 7, 2014 Yadkin Financial Corp. said today it has completed its $299 million purchase of VantageSouth Bancshares Inc. of Raleigh. The transaction, first announced Jan. 27, forms a $4 billion bank, one of the largest community banks in the state.'
p6
aS'FNB to aquire Yadkin Financial, which bought NewBridge Lexington Dispatch - Jul 21, 2016 PITTSBURGH and RALEIGH -- F.N.B. Corp. and Yadkin Financial Corp. jointly announced Thursday the signing of a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which F.N.'
p7
aS'FNB completes Yadkin deal Pittsburgh Business Times - Mar 13, 2017 F.N.B. Corp. on Monday said it successfully completed its merger with Yadkin Financial Corp. on Saturday. At $1.4 billion, the transaction was the largest to date for F.N.FNB completes conversion of Yadkin Bank, NewBridge branches - Winston-Salem JournalFNB Corporation Closes Merger with Yadkin, Stock Dips - Nasdaq'
p8
aS'Yadkin Financial Corp  Receives Consensus Recommendation of Hold from ... The Cerbat Gem - Apr 10, 2017 Yadkin Financial Corp logo Shares of Yadkin Financial Corp  have been given a consensus rating of Hold by the eight brokerages that are covering the company.'
p9
aS'FNB Corp , Yadkin Financial  Shareholders Approve Merger StreetInsider.com - Dec 9, 2016 F.N.B. Corporation  announced that the shareholders of both FNB and Yadkin Financial Corporation  adopted the necessary approvals to complete the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger &nbsp;...FNB and Yadkin shareholders approve deal - Pittsburgh Business Times'
p10
a.