(lp0
S'EnSync Energy Enters Into Power Purchase Agreement with Food Processing ... PR Newswire  - Apr 13, 2017 MILWAUKEE, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EnSync, Inc. , dba EnSync Energy Systems, a leading developer of innovative distributed energy resource  systems and internet of energy  control platforms for the utility, commercial&nbsp;...'
p1
aS'Is EnSync Inc  As Financially Strong As It Appears Due To Its Low Debt? Simply Wall St - Apr 12, 2017 Companies with small market capitalization such as EnSync Inc , while they can deliver high growth, financial strength is the deciding element in their long-term existence.'
p2
aS'ZBB Energy changes name to EnSync Inc. Milwaukee Journal Sentinel - Aug 17, 2015 Menomonee Falls-based ZBB Energy announced today it is changing its name to EnSync Inc., a developer of innovative energy management systems for the utility, commercial, industrial and multi-tenant building markets.'
p3
aS'EnSync Delivers Notice of Default to SPI Solar, Inc. Under Supply Agreement PR Newswire  - Oct 24, 2016 MILWAUKEE, Oct. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- EnSync, Inc. , dba EnSync Energy Systems, a leading developer of innovative energy management systems for the utility, commercial, industrial and multi-tenant building markets (the&nbsp;...'
p4
aS'EnSync acquires DCfusion BizTimes.com  - Mar 2, 2017 DCfusion engineers direct current systems. It also consults and offers policy recommendations in the DC system space. It will operate in place as a subsidiary of EnSync Inc. It has just two employees, who are the founders and principals. According to ...'
p5
aS"EnSync Contracted as Energy Technology Provider for Native American Tribe's ... Yahoo Finance - Apr 11, 2017 MILWAUKEE, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EnSync, Inc. , dba EnSync Energy Systems, a leading developer of innovative distributed energy resource  systems and internet of energy  control platforms for the utility, commercial&nbsp;..."
p6
aS'EnSync Inc  Coverage Initiated at Rodman &amp; Renshaw Sports Perspectives - 17 hours ago EnSync logo Equities research analysts at Rodman &amp; Renshaw initiated coverage on shares of EnSync Inc  in a research report issued on Tuesday, StockTargetPrices.'
p7
aS'Trading by the Numbers: Stock Review for EnSync, Inc.  BVN - 9 hours ago Looking at shares of EnSync, Inc. , the company presently has a Gross Margin  ratio of -0.283931. This number is calculated from the research by University of Rochester professor Robert Novy-Marx.'
p8
aS'HC Wainwright Analysts Give EnSync Inc  a $2.00 Price Target Sports Perspectives - 22 hours ago HC Wainwright set a $2.00 target price on EnSync Inc  in a research note published on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock.EnSync Inc  Research Coverage Started at Rodman &amp; Renshaw - BBNS'
p9
aS'EnSync Energy Systems Announces Key Additions to Management Team Marketwired  - Oct 19, 2015 MILWAUKEE, WI-- - EnSync, Inc. , dba EnSync Energy Systems, a leading developer of innovative energy management systems serving the commercial, industrial and multi-tenant building markets,&nbsp;...EnSync names utility exec Schott its chief financial officer - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel '
p10
a.