(lp0
S'Zoom Technologies Announces Intent to Voluntarily Delist From NASDAQ GlobeNewswire  - Sep 17, 2014 NEW YORK, Sept. 17, 2014  -- Zoom Technologies, Inc.   announced today that it intends to seek a voluntary delisting from the NASDAQ Capital Market.'
p1
aS'Zoom Technologies Announces Sale of China-Based Operations and Strategy to ... GlobeNewswire  - Jan 7, 2013 BEIJING, Jan. 7, 2013  -- Zoom Technologies, Inc.  a leading designer and manufacturer of mobile phones and consumer electronics, announced the execution of a definitive agreement pursuant to which it will sell its&nbsp;...'
p2
aS'Zoom Technologies Stock Is Cheap, With Low To Moderate Fraud Risk Seeking Alpha - Jul 23, 2012 OWC Securities has decided to initiate coverage on 10 U.S.-listed Chinese companies that we believe have low to moderate fraud risk.'
p3
aS'ZOOM Acquires Portables Unlimited -- Wholesale Distributor for T-Mobile USA GlobeNewsWire  - Oct 13, 2011 BEIJING, Oct. 13, 2011  -- Zoom Technologies, Inc. , a leading China-based manufacturer of mobile phones and related products, today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire a 55% share of&nbsp;...'
p4
aS"Oppo shows off impressive new zoom technology, but forgets to put it on a real ... TechCrunch - Feb 27, 2017 Oppo's big Mobile World Congress announcement wasn't an actual phone. Sure it arrived in a prototype roughly the size and shape of a phone, but it wasn't really."
p5
aS"Eyeing virtual reality, Zoom lands massive $100M Series D funding round SiliconANGLE  - Jan 17, 2017 Zoom founder and Chief Executive Eric Yuan founded his company back in 2011 after having served as vice president of engineering at Cisco Systems Inc.'s WebEx, one of the video conferencing incumbents he's now trying to disrupt. The company says its&nbsp;...Zoom Video Communications Raises $100 Million to Make Meetings Smart, Efficient - TechvibesQualcomm-backed Zoom Video Communications Gets $100M From Sequoia - socalTech.com"
p6
aS'Incubator sharpens focus on innovation China Daily - Mar 19, 2017 It was jointly established by China International Economic Cooperation and Investment Inc, Beijing Zoom Technology Incubator Co Ltd, 898 InnoSpace, the Ontario Science Center and Zeta Plan Investment Co Ltd. &quot;Universities and research institutes&nbsp;...'
p7
aS'OmniVision and Corephotonics Announce Dual-Camera Zoom Reference Design for ... PR Newswire  - Feb 22, 2017 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- OmniVision Technologies, Inc., a leading developer of advanced digital imaging solutions, today announced its collaboration with dual-camera technology pioneer Corephotonics in producing a new dual-camera zoom reference&nbsp;...'
p8
aS'Sierra-Olympic Provides Tamron LWIR Zoom Lenses For OEM And Surveillance ... Photonics Online - Jul 27, 2016 HOOD RIVER, OR - Sierra-Olympic Technologies, supplier of infrared  and thermal imaging components, cameras, and systems solutions for advanced IR imaging applications offers the new Tamron family of longwave infrared lenses for OEM and&nbsp;...'
p9
aS"How Mazda 'zoom-zoom' turned fuel economy upside down Environment & Energy Publishing - Aug 10, 2016 Though the company planned to continue exclusively using petroleum engines, its &quot;Sustainable Zoom-Zoom Strategy&quot; committed to providing &quot;all customers who purchase Mazda vehicles with driving pleasure as well as outstanding environmental and safety ..."
p10
a.