(lp0
S"Quiksilver Inc. Renamed Boardriders Inc. SGB Media    - Mar 8, 2017 Quiksilver Inc. has changed its corporate name to Boardriders Inc. The new name is intended to represent the company's full range of action sports brands - Quiksilver, Roxy and DC Shoes - unified by the boardriding culture and heritage.Boardriders: Quiksilver Inc. has a new name, sees post-bankruptcy growth - OCRegisterNew Corporate Name for Quiksilver - Orange County Business Journal"
p1
aS"Quiksilver, Inc. changes name to Boardriders SurferToday - Mar 9, 2017 Six months after filing for bankruptcy, Quiksilver, Inc. announced a new corporate name for the firm. Boardriders, Inc. is the new company behind three historic surf brands: Quiksilver, Roxy, and DC Shoed.Why Skate and Surf Mecca Quiksilver Is Changing Its Name - Footwear NewsOC's Quiksilver bankruptcy rebranding; Now Boardriders Inc. - MyNewsLA.com"
p2
aS'Quiksilver, Inc. Stock Plunges as CEO Abruptly Replaced Motley Fool - Mar 27, 2015 So what: Specifically, in a press release Friday morning, Quiksilver stated its now-former CEO, Andy Mooney, is &quot;no longer with the company,&quot; and will be replaced by 27-year Quiksilver veteran Pierre Agnes. Quiksilver co-founder Bob McKnight has ...Why Quiksilver, Inc.  Stock Is Tanking Today - Investorplace.com'
p3
aS'Quiksilver files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy for US units Reuters - Sep 9, 2015 Struggling surfwear maker Quiksilver Inc ZQK.N said it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for its U.S. units on Tuesday.Quiksilver Files for Bankruptcy Protection in Delaware - Bloomberg'
p4
aS'Quiksilver Inc. Stock Pops 6.31%: Market Cap at $381.19 Million TheInertia.com - Jan 11, 2015 On January 8th, Quiksilver, Inc. reached a market cap  of nearly $382 million dollars.'
p5
aS"Bankrupt Quiksilver Gets Nod For Employee Severance Deal Law360  - Feb 22, 2017 Law360, New York  -- Quiksilver Inc. and 26 former employees received a Delaware federal bankruptcy judge's approval Tuesday for a long-delayed settlement in a more than $7 million worker severance pay dispute, under&nbsp;..."
p6
aS"Why Shares of Quiksilver, Inc. Are Surging After-Hours Motley Fool - Mar 17, 2015 So what: Quiksilver's first-quarter revenue came in at $341 million, down 14% year-over-year in nominal terms and down 4% on a constant-currency basis."
p7
aS"Quiksilver Inc.'s Potential Growth May Be Worth the Wait Motley Fool - May 25, 2014 One such company with solid brand power is apparel, footwear, and accessories manufacturer Quiksilver . The company's solid footholds into niche lifestyle markets like surfing, skateboarding, and snowboarding mean that it has diversification&nbsp;..."
p8
aS'Quiksilver: Restructuring The Quicksand Capital Structure Seeking Alpha  - Oct 21, 2014 Quiksilver, Inc.  has been running out of steam as a player in the highly competitive retail industry, in light of stagnant macro fundamentals and losing the interest of its target consumers.'
p9
aS'Quiksilver US Plan of Reorganization Confirmed Business Wire  - Jan 28, 2016 HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif.----Quiksilver, Inc.  today announced that its Plan of Reorganization  has been confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, with significant support&nbsp;...Quiksilver Wins Court Approval to Exit Bankruptcy - Wall Street JournalQuiksilver Announces Bankruptcy Exit - Apparel News'
p10
a.